<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-014630.txt : 20250218
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-014630.hdr.sgml : 20250218
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250218092705
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-014630
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		49
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250211
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Registrant's Certifying Accountant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to the Registrant's Code of Ethics, or Waiver of a Provision of the Code of Ethics
ITEM INFORMATION:		Change in Shell Company Status
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250218
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250218

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ADAPTIN BIO, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001938571
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				881566415
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56583
		FILM NUMBER:		25633035

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3540 TORINGDON WAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200, #250
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28277
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(888) 609-1498

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3540 TORINGDON WAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200, #250
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28277

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Unite Acquisition 1 Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20220719
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0230169-8k_adaptin.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-31000193857100019385712025-02-112025-02-11iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 11, 2025

ADAPTIN BIO, INC.

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Delaware 000-56583 88-1566415

(State
or Other Jurisdiction

of
Incorporation) (Commission
File Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

3540 Toringdon Way, Suite 200, #250

Charlotte,
North Carolina 28277

(Address of Principal Executive
Offices) (Zip Code)

(888)-609-1498

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

Unite
Acquisition 1 Corp.

12
E. 49th Street, 11th Floor, New York, NY 10017

(Former
Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None.

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter). 

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

EXPLANATORY
NOTE

As
used in this Current Report on Form 8-K (this Report), unless otherwise stated or the context clearly indicates otherwise,
the terms the Company, we, us and our refer to Adaptin Bio, Inc., incorporated
in the State of Delaware, and its subsidiaries after giving effect to the Merger (as defined below) and the company name change described
herein.

The
registrant was incorporated as Unite Acquisition 1 Corp. (Unite Acquisition) in the State of Delaware on March 10, 2022.
Prior to the Merger (as defined below), the registrant was a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)).

On
February 11, 2025, Unite Acquisitions wholly-owned subsidiary, Adaptin Acquisition Co., a Delaware corporation formed in the State
of Delaware on January 30, 2025 (Merger Sub), merged with and into Adaptin Bio, Inc., a privately held Delaware corporation
(Private Adaptin) formerly known as Centaur Bio Inc. Pursuant to this transaction (the Merger), Private Adaptin
was the surviving corporation and became the Companys wholly owned subsidiary, and all of the outstanding stock of Private Adaptin
was converted into shares of the combined Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock).
In addition, in connection with the Merger, all of Private Adaptins outstanding convertible promissory notes converted into shares
of Common Stock at $3.30 per share and all of Private Adaptins outstanding warrants became exercisable for shares of Common Stock.

As
a result of the Merger, we acquired the business of Private Adaptin and will continue its business operations as a public reporting company
under the same name, Adaptin Bio, Inc. Concurrent with the consummation of the Merger, Private Adaptin changed its name to Adaptin
Bio Operating Corporation.

Concurrent
with the closing of the Merger, the Company also sold 1,080,814 units (the Units) at a purchase price of $4.40 per Unit,
each consisting of (i) one share of Common Stock, (ii) a one-year warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock at an exercise price
of $4.40 per share, and (iii) a five-year warrant to purchase one-half of a share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $6.60 per share.
Additional information concerning the private placement is presented below under Item 2.01, Completion of Acquisition or Disposition
of AssetsThe Merger and Related TransactionsThe Offering and under Item 3.02, Unregistered Sales of
Equity Securities. This Report is not a solicitation for or an offer to purchase Units.

In
accordance with reverse merger or reverse acquisition accounting treatment, our historical financial statements
as of period ends, and for periods ended, prior to the Merger will be replaced with the historical financial statements of Private Adaptin
prior to the Merger, in all future filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC).

This
Report contains summaries of the material terms of various agreements executed in connection with the transactions described herein.
The summaries of these agreements are subject to, and are qualified in their entirety by, reference to these agreements, which are filed
as exhibits hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

This
Report responds to the following Items:

Item 1.01 Entry
into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Item 2.01 Completion
of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

Item 3.02 Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities.

Item 3.03 Material
Modification to Rights of Security Holders.

Item 4.01 Changes
in Registrants Certifying Accountant.

Item 5.01 Changes
in Control of Registrant.

Item
5.02 Departure
of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers;
Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Item 5.03 Amendments
to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

Item
5.05 Amendments
to the Registrants Code of Ethics, or Waiver of a Provision of the Code of Ethics.

Item 5.06 Change
in Shell Company Status.

Item 9.01 Financial
Statements and Exhibits.

Prior
to the Merger, we were a shell company (as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act). As a result
of the Merger, we have ceased to be a shell company. The information included in this Report constitutes the current Form
10 information necessary to satisfy the conditions contained in Rule 144(i)(2) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act).

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS

This
Report, including the sections entitled Risk Factors, Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations and Description of Business, includes forward-looking statements
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Forward-looking statements relate to, among
others, our plans, objectives and expectations for our business, operations and financial performance and condition, and can be identified
by terminology such as may, should, expect, intend, plan, anticipate,
believe, estimate, predict, will, could, project,
target, potential, continue and similar expressions that do not relate solely to historical
matters. Forward-looking statements are based on managements belief and assumptions and on information currently available to
management. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in forward-looking statements are reasonable, such statements involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially
different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by forward-looking statements.

Forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, statements about:

our
ability to raise additional money to fund our operations for at least the next twelve months
as a going concern;

our
ability to develop our current and any future product candidates;

our
ability to receive marketing approval from the FDA for our product candidates;

our
ability to maintain our license rights to our intellectual property and to adequately protect
or enforce our intellectual property rights;

our
reliance on third parties to supply drug substance and drug product for our clinical trials
and preclinical studies, and produce commercial supplies of product candidates;

our
ability to market and commercialize our products, if approved;

our
product candidates ability to achieve market acceptance, if approved;

developments
and projections relating to our competitors and our industry;

our
ability to adequately control the costs associated with our operations;

our
dependence on third-party reimbursement for commercial viability;

the
impact of current and future laws and regulations, especially those related to drug development
and drug pricing controls;

potential
cybersecurity risks to our operational systems, infrastructure, and integrated software by
us or third-party vendors;

the
development of a market for our Common Stock; and

other
risks and uncertainties, including those listed under the caption Risk Factors.

We
have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we
believe may affect our financial condition, operating results, business strategy, short-term
and long-term business operations and objectives, and financial needs. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks,
uncertainties, and assumptions, including those described in the section titled Risk Factors. Moreover, we operate
in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to
predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors,
may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks,
uncertainties, and assumptions, the future events and trends discussed in this Report may not occur and actual results could differ materially
and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements.

1

You
should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking
statements may not be achieved or occur. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable,
we cannot guarantee future results, performance, or achievements. We undertake no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements
for any reason after the date of this Report or to conform these statements to actual results or revised expectations, except as required
by law.

You
should read this Report and the documents that we reference in this Report as exhibits with the understanding that our actual future
results, performance, and events and circumstances may be materially different from what we expect.

ITEM 1.01
ENTRY INTO A MATERIAL DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT.

The
information contained in Item 2.01 below relating to the various agreements described therein is incorporated herein by reference. All
descriptions of the agreements described below are qualified in their entirety by reference to the form of the relevant agreement that
is filed as an exhibit to this Report and incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 2.01
COMPLETION OF ACQUISITION OR DISPOSITION OF ASSETS.

THE
MERGER AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

Bridge
Financings

Private
Adaptin raised bridge financing through the offer and sale (a) in 2023 of $500,000 principal amount of its 10% Secured Promissory Notes
(the 2023 Bridge Notes) (including warrants to purchase up to 56,815 shares of our Common Stock at an exercise price of
$4.40 per share) and (b) in 2024 of $1,000,000 principal amount of its 10% Secured Subordinated Convertible Promissory Notes (the 2024
Bridge Notes, which in each case were sold to a limited number of accredited investors pursuant to Regulation D under the Securities
Act. The 2023 Bridge Notes were exchanged for $500,000 principal amount of the Companys 10% Secured Convertible Promissory Notes
(the Exchange Notes). In connection with the note exchange, the holders of the 2023 Bridge Notes were also issued warrants
to purchase up to 75,755 shares of our Common Stock at an exercise price of $3.30 per share. The Exchange Notes and the 2024 Bridge Notes
are referred to herein as the Bridge Notes.

At
the closing of the Offering (as defined below), the $1,500,000 aggregate principal amount of outstanding Bridge Notes, plus accrued
interest thereon, automatically converted into shares of Company common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Common Stock),
at a conversion price of $3.30 per share, or 501,140 shares of Company Common Stock (the Note Conversion Shares), and the
holders of the 2023 Bridge Notes were issued, pursuant to existing agreements, warrants to purchase up to 132,570 shares of our Common
Stock at an exercise price of either $3.30 or $4.40 per share and with a term of five years, as described above (the Pre-Merger
Warrants).

Merger
Agreement

On
February 11, 2025, we entered into the Merger Agreement with Merger-Sub and Private Adaptin, pursuant to which Merger Sub merged with
and into Private Adaptin, with Private Adaptin continuing as the surviving corporation and as our wholly owned subsidiary.

Pursuant
to the Merger Agreement, all of the outstanding capital stock of Private Adaptin was cancelled in exchange for shares of Common Stock,
and all of the outstanding Private Adaptin warrants were assumed by, the Company at the, with appropriate adjustments to the per share
exercise or conversion price thereof, and otherwise on their original terms and conditions. The total number of shares of Common Stock
issued to pre-Merger stockholders of Private Adaptin was 3,249,999 shares.

2

Prior
to the closing of the Offering (as defined below), Unite Acquisitions board of directors adopted an equity incentive plan
reserving a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 15% of the shares to be outstanding upon each closing of the Offering, up to a
maximum aggregate amount of 15% of the fully diluted shares outstanding of the Company following the final closing of the Offering (assuming
exercise or conversion of all then-outstanding Common Stock equivalents), for the future issuance, at the discretion of the board of
directors, of options and other incentive awards to officers, key employees, consultants and directors of the Company and its subsidiaries.
See Compensation of Directors and Executive OfficersDescription of the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan below for
more information about the equity incentive plan.

The
sole holder of common stock of Unite Acquisition prior to the Merger, Lucius Partners, retained 3,250,000 shares of Common Stock after
the Merger.

The
Merger Agreement contained customary representations and warranties and pre- and post-closing covenants of each party and customary closing
conditions.

As
a condition to the Merger, we entered into a pre-Merger indemnity agreement with Unite Acquisitions sole officer and director,
Nathan P. Pereira, pursuant to which the Company agreed to indemnify Mr. Pereira for actions taken by him in his official capacity relating
to the consideration, approval and consummation of the Merger and certain related transactions.

We
expect the Merger to be treated as a recapitalization and reverse acquisition for us for financial reporting purposes. Private Adaptin
is to be considered the acquirer for accounting purposes, and our historical financial statements before the Merger will be replaced
with the historical financial statements of Private Adaptin before the Merger in future filings with the SEC. The Merger is intended
to be treated as a tax-free reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

The
Offering

Immediately following the effective time of the
Merger, we sold in a closing of our private placement offering (the Offering), 1,080,814 Units, for an aggregate purchase
price of $4,755,581.60, at a purchase price of $4.40 per Unit, with each Unit consisting of (i) one share of Common Stock, (ii) a warrant
representing the right to purchase one share of Common Stock, exercisable from issuance until one year after the final closing of the
Offering at an exercise price of $4.40 per share (the A Warrant), and (iii) a warrant, representing the right to purchase
one-half of a share of Common Stock, exercisable from issuance until five years after the final closing of the Offering at an exercise
price of $6.60 per whole share (the B Warrant, and together with the A Warrant, the Warrants) (such shares
of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants, the Warrant Shares). The Company and Laidlaw & Company (UK)
Ltd. (the Placement Agent) may conduct additional closings of the Offering at their discretion for up to $8.5 million (the
Maximum Offering). Each investor in any subsequent closing will be required to represent that, as of the date of entering
into the subscription agreement and the date of the applicable closing, it (i) has a substantive, pre-existing relationship with us or
has direct contact with us or the Placement Agent outside of the Offering, and (ii) did not independently contact us or a Placement Agent
or become interested in the Offering as a result of reading or otherwise being aware of this Current Report, any press release or any
other public disclosure disclosing the terms of the Offering.

3

In
connection with the Offering, the Placement Agent (a) will be paid at each closing from the Offering proceeds a total cash commission
of 10.0% of the aggregate gross purchase price paid by purchasers in the Offering at that closing (the Cash Fee), (b) will
be paid at each closing from the Offering proceeds a total non-allocable expense allowance equal to 2.0% of the aggregate gross purchase
price paid by purchasers in the Offering at that Closing (the Expense Allowance), and (c) will receive (and/or its designees
will receive) warrants to purchase a total number of shares of Common Stock equal to 10.0% of the sum of (i) the number of shares of
Common Stock included in the Units sold in the Offering at that closing and (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise
of the Warrants included in the Units sold in the Offering at that closing, with a term expiring seven years after the final closing
date and an exercise price of $4.40 per share (the Placement Agent Warrants). Any sub-agent of the Placement Agent that
introduces investors to the Offering will be entitled to share in the Cash Fee, Expense Allowance and Placement Agent Warrants attributable
to those investors pursuant to the terms of an executed sub-agent agreement with such Placement Agent. The Company has agreed to pay
certain other expenses of the Placement Agent, including the fees and expenses of its counsel, in connection with the Offering. Subject
to certain customary exceptions, we will also indemnify the Placement Agent to the fullest extent permitted by law against certain liabilities
that may be incurred in connection with the Offering, including certain civil liabilities under the Securities Act, and, where such indemnification
is not available, to contribute to the payments the Placement Agent and its sub-agents may be required to make in respect of such liabilities.

Description
of Warrants 

The
A Warrants will have an exercise price of $4.40 per share and a term of one year from the final closing of the Offering and will be exercisable
solely for cash.

The
B Warrants will have an exercise price of $6.60 per share and a term of five years from the final closing of the Offering and will be
exercisable either for cash or, when there is no effective registration statement covering the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise
of the B Warrants, on a cashless net exercise basis.

The
Warrants will have weighted average anti-dilution protection, subject to customary exceptions, including but not limited
to issuances of awards under the executive incentive plan.

The
Placement Agent Warrants will have an exercise price of $4.40 per share and a term of seven years from the final closing of the Offering
and will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless net exercise basis. 

Lock-Up
Agreements

All
officers and directors of the Company following the Merger and their affiliates and associated entities entered into lock-up agreements
with us for a term ending two years after the closing of the Merger, whereby they have agreed to certain restrictions on the sale or
disposition (including pledge) of all of our Common Stock held by (or issuable to) them. The lock-up agreements contain customary transfer
exceptions.

Registration
Rights

In
connection with the Merger and the Offering, the Company entered into a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights
Agreement), pursuant to which the Company will file a registration statement (the Registration Statement) within
60 calendar days after termination of the Offering with the SEC registering for resale the following: (a) the shares of Common Stock
issued pursuant to the subscription agreements in the Offering (the Offering Shares); (b) the Warrant Shares; (c) shares
of Common Stock issued or issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Merger Warrants (the Pre-Merger Warrant Shares); (d) the Note
Conversion Shares; (e) shares of Common Stock held by stockholders of the Company prior to the Merger and remaining outstanding immediately
following the effective time of the Merger (the Registrable Pre-Merger Shares); (f) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable
upon exercise of the Placement Agent Warrants (the Placement Agent Warrant Shares); and (g) other shares of restricted
Common Stock held by the signatories to the Registration Rights Agreement acquired or issuable in respect of the foregoing shares of
Common Stock by way of conversion, dividend, stock-split, distribution or exchange, merger, consolidation, recapitalization or reclassification
or similar transaction (from (a) to (g), the Registrable Shares).

4

The
60 day period shall be tolled as of February 14, 2025, and resume when the audited financial statements of the Company for the fiscal
year ending December 31, 2024 are issued, or March 31, 2025, whichever is earlier (the number of days of the 60 day period tolled as
of February 14, 2025, the Tolling Period), and provided further that the Tolling Period, if applicable, shall be a minimum
of 14 calendar days. The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Registration Statement to be declared effective
within 120 calendar days after the termination of the Offering, plus, if applicable, a number of days equal to the Tolling Period.

If
(a) the Company is late in filing the Registration Statement, (b) the Registration Statement is not declared effective within 120 days
after the final closing date of the Offering (subject to certain exceptions), (c) the Registration Statement ceases for any reason to
remain effective or the holders of Registrable Shares are otherwise not permitted to utilize the prospectus therein to resell the Registrable
Shares for a period of more than five consecutive trading days (subject to permitted blackout periods (as defined in the Registration
Rights Agreement) and certain other exceptions), or (d) following the listing or inclusion for quotation of the Common Stock on OTC Markets,
Nasdaq, NYSE or NYSE American, the Registrable Shares are not listed or included for quotation on such a market, or trading of the Common
Stock is suspended or halted on the principal market for the Common Stock, for more than three consecutive trading days (subject to certain
exceptions) (each, a Registration Event), then in any such case monetary penalties payable by the Company to the holders
of the Registrable Shares that are affected by such Registration Event will commence to accrue at a rate equal to 12% per annum of the
total of the following, to the extent applicable to such holder: (i) if the holder is a holder of Note Conversion Shares, the product
of $3.30 (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, combinations, recapitalizations or similar events) multiplied by the number
of Note Conversion Shares held by or issuable to such holder as of the date of such Registration Event, (ii) if the holder is a holder
of Offering Shares, A Warrant Shares, Pre-Merger Warrant Shares, Registrable Pre-Merger Shares or Placement Agent Warrant Shares, the
product of $4.40 (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, combinations, recapitalizations or similar events) multiplied by the
number of Offering Shares, A Warrant Shares, Pre-Merger Warrant Shares, Registrable Pre-Merger Shares or Placement Agent Warrant Shares,
as the case may be, held by or issuable to such holder as of the date of such Registration Event, or (iii) if the holder is a holder
of B Warrant Shares, the product of $6.60 (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, combinations, recapitalizations or similar
events) multiplied by the number of Note Conversion Shares held by or issuable to such holder as of the date of such Registration Event,
but in each case, only with respect to such holders Registrable Shares that are affected by such Registration Event and only for
the applicable Registration Default Period (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement); provided, however, that in no event will
the aggregate of any such penalties exceed 5% of the offering price per share. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no penalties will accrue
with respect to any Registrable Shares removed from the Registration Statement in response to a comment from the staff of the SEC limiting
the number of shares of Common Stock which may be included in the Registration Statement (a Cutback Comment). Any cutback
resulting from a Cutback Comment (the Reduction Securities) shall be in the following order: (i) first from the Placement
Agent Warrant Shares, on a pro rata basis among the holders thereof; (ii) second from the Registrable Pre-Merger Shares, on a pro rata
basis among the holders thereof; (iii) third from the Offering Shares, the Offering Warrant Shares, the Pre-Merger Warrant Shares and
the Note Conversion Shares, on a pro rata basis among the holders thereof.

The
Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to keep the Registration Statement continuously effective until the earlier of five
years from the date it is declared effective by the SEC or for such shorter period ending on the earlier to occur of (a) the sale of
all Registrable Shares and (b) the availability of Rule 144 for the holders to sell all of the Registrable Shares without restrictions,
including volume limitations, and without the need for current public information, required by Rule 144 (other than Rule 144(i)) or otherwise,
during any 90-day period.

If
fewer than all of the Registrable Shares are included in the Registration Statement when it becomes effective, the Company will use its
commercially reasonable efforts within 60 calendar days after the effective date of the Registration Statement, or within ten business
days after the first date that is permitted by the SEC to, register for resale as many of the Reduction Securities as the SEC will permit
(pro rata among the holders of such Reduction Securities) using one or more registration statements that it is then entitled to use,
and to cause such registration statement(s) to become effective as soon as practicable, until all of the Reduction Securities have been
so registered; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to register such Reduction Securities during a Blackout Period
(as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement).

The
holders of Registrable Shares shall have piggyback registration rights for Registrable Shares not registered as provided
above with respect to any registration statement filed by the Company following the effectiveness of the aforementioned Registration
Statement that would permit the inclusion of such underlying shares, subject, in an underwritten offering, to customary cut-back on a
pro rata basis among the holders of Registrable Shares if the underwriter or the Company determines that marketing factors require a
limitation on the number of shares of stock or other securities to be underwritten.

5

OTC
Quotation

Our
Common Stock is currently not listed on a national securities exchange or any other exchange, or quoted on an over-the-counter market.
Following completion of the Offering, we intend to cause our Common Stock to be quoted on the OTC Markets QB tier as soon as practicable
following the effectiveness of the Registration Statement. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so and, even if we
do so, there can be no assurance that our Common Stock will continue to be quoted on the OTC Markets or quoted or listed on any other
market or exchange, or that an active trading market for our Common Stock will develop or continue. See Risk FactorsThere
is currently no market for our Common Stock and there can be no assurance that any market will ever develop.

Our
2025 Equity Incentive Plan

Pursuant
to the Merger Agreement, Unite Acquisition adopted the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2025 Plan), which provides for the
issuance of incentive awards of stock options, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights and performance
awards. The number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2025 Plan will increase automatically on January 1 of each of 2026 through
2035 by the number of shares equal to the lesser of 4% of the total number of outstanding shares of our Common Stock as December 31 (calculated
on a fully-diluted and as-converted basis), or a number as may be determined by the Companys board of directors. See Compensation
of Directors and Executive OfficersDescription of the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan below for more information about the
2025 Plan.

Departure
and Appointment of Directors and Officers

Prior
to the effective time of the Merger, the Unite Acquisition board of directors consisted of one member, Mr. Pereira, who also was its
President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Secretary. As of the Effective Time, Mr. Pereira resigned from the board
of directors, and Patrick Gallagher, Simon Pedder, Michael J. Roberts, J. Nick Riehle and Anthony Zook were appointed to the Companys
board of directors.

Also,
as of the Effective Time, Mr. Pereira resigned from all officer positions with the Company, and Simon Pedder was appointed as our Executive
Chairman, Michael J. Roberts was appointed as our President and Chief Executive Officer, Timothy L. Maness was appointed as our Chief
Financial Officer, and L. Arthur Hewitt was appointed as our Chief Development Officer.

See
Management below for information about our new directors and executive officers.

Combined
Company Ownership

Following
the Merger and the closing of the Offering, there are issued and outstanding 8,081,953 shares of our Common Stock, as
follows:

the
stockholders of Private Adaptin prior to the Merger will hold 3,249,999 shares of our Common
Stock;

investors
in the Offering will hold 1,080,814 shares of our Common Stock;

former
holders of the Bridge Notes will hold 501,140 shares of our Common Stock; and

Unite
Acquisitions sole stockholder prior to the Merger will hold 3,250,000 shares of our
Common Stock.

In
addition, there are outstanding:

A
Warrants to purchase 1,080,814 shares of our Common Stock;

B
Warrants to purchase 540,407 shares of our Common Stock;

Placement
Agent Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 270,204 shares of our Common Stock; and

Pre-Merger
Warrants to purchase 132,570 shares of our Common Stock. (Like the B Warrants, the Pre-Merger
Warrants will be exercisable either for cash or, when there is no effective registration
statement covering the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Merger Warrants,
on a cashless net exercise basis.)

6

In
addition, there are up to 2,196,390 shares of our Common Stock reserved for future issuance under the 2025 Plan. No other securities
convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for our Common Stock are outstanding as of the date of this Current Report.

Accounting
Treatment; Change of Control

The
Merger is being accounted for as a reverse merger or reverse acquisition, and Private Adaptin is deemed to
be the acquirer in the reverse merger. Consequently, the assets and liabilities and the historical operations that are reflected in our
financial statements relating to periods prior to the Merger are those of Private Adaptin, and are recorded at the historical cost basis
of Private Adaptin, and the consolidated financial statements after completion of the Merger will include the assets and liabilities
of Private Adaptin, historical operations of Private Adaptin, and operations of the Company from the Closing Date. As a result of the
issuance of the shares of our Common Stock pursuant to the Merger, a change in control of the Company occurred as of the date of consummation
of the Merger.

Except
as described in this Report, no arrangements or understandings exist among present or former controlling stockholders with respect to
the election of members of our board of directors and, to our knowledge, no other arrangements exist that might result in a change of
control of the Company.

We
continue to be a smaller reporting company, as defined under the Exchange Act, and an emerging growth company
under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act) following the Merger. We believe that as a result
of the Merger, we have ceased to be a shell company (as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act).

FORM
10 INFORMATION

DESCRIPTION
OF BUSINESS

Formation
History 

The
Company is a Delaware corporation initially formed in March 2022 as Unite Acquisition 1 Corp. Effective February 11, 2025, Unite Acquisitions
wholly owned subsidiary, Merger Sub, merged with an into Private Adaptin, a Delaware corporation. Private Adaptin was the surviving corporation
in the transaction and became Unite Acquisitions wholly owned subsidiary, renamed as Adaptin Operating Co. At the same time, Unite
Acquisition changed its name to Adaptin Bio, Inc.

The
Companys website address is www.adaptinbio.com and we can be contacted at info@adaptinbio.com. Information contained on,
or that can be accessed through, our website is not a part of this Report.

Business
Overview

Adaptin
is a biopharmaceutical company pioneering a transformational approach to enhance the transfer of therapeutics into the brain, facilitating
the treatment of brain cancers and other unmet medical conditions. The Companys proprietary technology harnesses the human immune
systems ability to target, recognize, destroy or deliver therapeutics to specific cells, including cancer cells. Our mission is
to be the global leader and pioneer of this new treatment paradigm, integrating recombinant technology, gene therapy and cell therapy
to address the challenges of targeting and delivering effective therapies, including to the brain for cancer and other central nervous
system (CNS) indications.

The
cause(s), or etiology, of many diseases can be addressed in part through manipulation of engineered cells. We view targeted manipulation
of the human immune system, together with recombinant technology and/or gene therapy, as a therapeutically disruptive transformation
in the way we treat brain and other diseases. Our experienced group of scientists and business leaders are developing our proprietary
in vivo and ex vivo technology platforms to revolutionize treatment across a broad array of therapeutic areas with unmet
treatment needs, including oncology, CNS disorders, autoimmune disease and cardiovascular diseases, among others. Our lead product candidate
has been recently accepted under an investigator-led IND to begin first-in-human studies in brain cancer. Our goal is to complete preclinical
studies on additional product candidates and file multiple investigational new drug applications (each, an IND) in 2026,
if not earlier.

7

Adaptins
novel technology was originally developed by researchers in the Department of Neurosurgery at Duke University, led by Dr. John H. Sampson,
the prior Robert H. and Gloria Wilkins, Distinguished Professor and Chair of the Department of Neurosurgery and currently the Dean and
Vice Chancellor at the University of Colorado School of Medicine. The group recognized that adoptive transfer of specifically activated
functional human immune cells significantly increases the hitchhiking and intracerebral accumulation of macromolecules
that are bound to their surface. While circulating nave T cells do not typically penetrate the CNS, activated T cells are known
to traffic frequently past the blood brain barrier (BBB) and perform routine immune surveillance in the CNS. Adaptin and
its collaborators at Duke University are taking advantage of this CNS trafficking to enhance the localization of macromolecules and other
agents to the CNS for cancer and other CNS disorders.

Adaptin
is closely working with researchers at Duke University to translate preclinical proof of concept data of its first proprietary platform
technology called BRiTE (Brain Bispecific T-cell Engager) into human clinical trials. BRiTE focuses on the transport of difficult to
deliver T cell targeting agents to tumor tissue, including in the immunoprivileged brain and overcoming the challenges with other immunotherapeutic
approaches. BRiTE is a translatable method to specifically target malignant glioma using a tumor-specific, fully human bispecific antibody
that redirects patients own T cells to recognize and destroy tumor cells.

The
first application of Adaptins technology is APTN-101, a proprietary epidermal growth factor receptor variant III, or EGFRVIII,
BRiTE in order to eliminate malignant glioma tumors in a variety of aggressive preclinical tumor models where the tumor is implanted
behind the BBB in the CNS (i.e., orthotopic). We designed APTN-101 to specifically redirect T cells against tumors expressing a well-characterized,
mutated form of epidermal growth factor receptors (EGFRs) known as EGFRVIII, on a number of tumor types, including glioblastoma,
breast and lung cancer. Because EGFRVIII is exclusively expressed on tumor cells, but not normal healthy cells, we believe it represents
an ideal target for immunotherapy. We have made significant progress towards first-in-human clinical studies, including:

A
pre-IND meeting with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA) outlining
a clear path to filing an IND;

Completion
of single-dose IND-enabling preclinical studies;

Submission
in April 2023 of an IND for an investigator-initiated, single-dose clinical trial, and its
acceptance in May 2023 by the FDA; and

Manufacturing
of APTN-101 in more than sufficient quantities for Phase 1 trials.

We
also expect to expand our proprietary platform to other targets and indications. The Company is exploring several external opportunities
to continue to advance and expand the product pipeline.

Strategy

Our
goal is to become a leading biopharmaceutical company focused on the transfer of drugs across barriers and to targeted tissues, including
the brain and CNS, to transform current treatment paradigms for patients and address unmet medical needs. The critical components of
our strategy are as follows:

Advance
the development of APTN-101 for the treatment of glioblastoma.The
FDAs acceptance in May 2023 of the IND for APTN-101 for the treatment of glioblastoma
sets the stage for first-in-human clinical trials.

Advance
preclinical development of APTN-101 to support one or more additional INDs for additional
kinds of cancer.We have designed APTN-101 to incorporate EGFRvIII,
which is expressed on a number of tumor types, including breast and lung cancer (with or
without brain metastases), so we are considering pre-clinical work to support INDs for these
indications to be filed in 2026, if not earlier.

8

Design
and advance other early-stage drug product candidates for undisclosed rare and unmet needs.Because
our proprietary technology enables drugs to cross barriers and target tissues, including
the brain, we believe it has numerous potential applications in areas of unmet medical need.
We are evaluating which of those indications would be most strategic to pursue in the near-term,
and plan to initiate one or more preclinical studies in 2025 to support the filing of future
INDs.

Acquire,
in-license or develop complementary delivery technologies that will allow us to produce BRiTE
compounds or manipulate and activate immune cells in vivo. We continually evaluate
technologies that will further enhance therapeutic effect, improve safety and manufacturability,
or reduce costs of our products.

Acquire
targeted clinical compounds for conditions with unmet needs where our technology could be
transformative. We continually evaluate development and in-licensing opportunities
and may acquire clinical compounds for conditions with unmet medical needs where our technologys
ability to cross barriers and target specific tissues, including the brain, could be transformative
of the treatment paradigm.

Pursue
a capital-efficient commercialization strategy. For products with smaller and/or
orphan patient populations, our plan is to build an infrastructure to commercialize our drug
products within the United Sates. Drawing upon our experience in commercializing specialty
pharmaceutical products, we aim to build a specialized yet efficient infrastructure that
will support the entire commercialization continuum, including stakeholder education, treatment
decision and initiation, and product access throughout the patient journey. In addition,
we plan to seek established companies to commercialize our drug products for larger addressable
markets and outside of the United States.

Leverage,
protect and enhance our intellectual property portfolio and secure patents for additional
products and indications. We intend to expand our intellectual property, grounded
in securing composition of matter and method of use patents for new products and indications.
We plan to enhance the intellectual property portfolio further through learnings from ongoing
preclinical studies, clinical trials and manufacturing processes.

Outsource
capital-intensive operations. We plan to continue to outsource capital-intensive
operations, including most clinical development and all manufacturing operations of our product
candidates, and to facilitate the rapid development of our pipeline by using high quality
specialist vendors and consultants in a capital efficient manner.

Glioblastoma

Background

Glioblastoma
multiforme (GBM), the highest grade (WHO IV) astrocytoma, is the most common and malignant brain tumor, accounting for
about 50% of all gliomas and 12%15% of all brain tumors. GBM tumor cells, which arise from stem cells or immature astrocytes due
to genetic abnormalities, grow rapidly and disseminate in the brain. In addition, GBM cells can invade the intracranial blood vessels
to areas away from the tumor core.

Although
glioblastoma can happen anywhere in the brain, it usually forms in the frontal lobe and the temporal lobe. Glioblastoma rarely occurs
in the brain stem or spinal cord. As glioblastoma grows, it spreads into the surrounding brain. This makes it difficult to remove the
entire tumor with surgery. Although radiation therapy and chemotherapy can reach the tumors, glioblastoma cells can survive and regrow.
Glioblastoma is very challenging to treat due to tumor-specific features, such as its rapid growth rate, the poor function of the immune
system cells within the tumor, and inherent resistance of the tumor cells to many types of treatments.

There
is no direct risk factor associated with most cases of glioblastoma. Certain rare genetic diseases, such as Li-Fraumeni and Lynch syndrome,
are associated with gliomas. However, these affect only a small portion of patients with glioblastoma. Besides genetic syndromes, the
only well-established risk factor is prior exposure to ionizing radiation that is used to treat certain head and neck cancers.

9

Brain
tumor symptoms vary and depend on the tumor location. The most common glioblastoma symptoms are headaches, seizures, and progressively
worsening numbness or weakness. Headaches with red flag symptoms warrant a trip to the doctor for a neurologic evaluation. Red flag symptoms
include waking up due to pain, worsening pain on changing position, and continuous pain not relieved with over-the-counter headache medications.

Neurologic
imaging with an MRI of the brain is often the first step in diagnosis. Brain imaging showing contrast-enhancing masses can be suggestive
of glioblastoma. Most cases can be definitively diagnosed after surgery through histological testing. This takes place when a neuropathologist
examines tissue or cells under a microscope to help confirm a glioblastoma diagnosis.

Incidence
and Mortality

In
the United States, the average annual age-adjusted incidence of glioblastoma is 3.2 per 100,000 population (or about 12,000 patients
annually) with an average age of 64 at diagnosis. Glioblastoma is 1.6 times more common in males compared with females and 2.0 times
higher in Caucasians compared to African Americans, with lower incidence in Asians and American Indians. Globally, glioblastoma incidence
is highest in North America, Australia, and Northern and Western Europe. Veterans who served in Iraq or Afghanistan are 26% more likely
to develop glioblastoma, according to the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs and National Institutes of Health data, likely due to environmental
exposures. Malignant primary brain tumors are the most frequent cause of cancer death in children, are more common than Hodgkin lymphoma,
ovarian and testicular cancer and are responsible for more deaths than malignant melanoma.

Overall,
the one-year relative survival rate is about 40% for patients diagnosed in the United States. The five-year survival rate is only about
5%. Treatment outcome remains poor, with a median survival rate of about 15 months.

Current
Treatment/Management

A
patients care team will take into account age, functional status, medical history and medication tolerability when planning the
best treatment. For most newly diagnosed patients, the standard approach utilizes what is known as the Stupp protocol. Treatment is comprised
of maximal surgical resection, which allows for accurate histological diagnosis, tumor genotyping, and a reduction in tumor volume, followed
by 6 weeks of radiotherapy and concomitant daily temozolomide and a further 6 cycles of maintenance temozolomide. In patients with minimal
functional impairment, the median overall survival (OS) is 15 months for radiotherapy plus temozolomide versus 12 months
for radiotherapy alone.

Treatment
options in the relapsed or recurrent setting are less well defined, with no established standard of care and little evidence for any
interventions that prolong OS. Indeed, a significant proportion of patients may not even be eligible for second-line therapy. Options
include further surgical resection, reirradiation, systemic therapies such as carmustine or bevacizumab, combined approaches, or supportive
care alone.

Patients
may also be treated with tumor treatment fields. This is a portable device placed on the scalp that uses mild electrical fields to try
to interrupt cancer cell growth.

Standard-of-care
treatments fail to specifically eliminate tumor cells and are limited by incapacitating damage to surrounding normal brain and systemic
tissues leading to lymphopenia and many other detrimental side effects. All of this demonstrates that a more targeted immunotherapeutic
approach is needed.

10

Over
the last decade, emerging immunotherapies (such as monoclonal antibodies, oncolytic virus therapy, adoptive cell therapy, and cellular
vaccines therapy) aimed at improving specific immune response against tumor cells have brought a glimmer of hope to patients with GBM.
Adoptive cell therapy, including tumor-infiltrate lymphocytes (TILs) transfer and genetically engineered T cells transfer,
is one of the most significant breakthroughs in the field of immune-oncology. Chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) engineered
autologous T cells have produced sustained remissions in refractory lymphomas, but this approach needs further study in the treatment
of solid tumors. While there is significant potential with targeted immunotherapy in GBM, significant challenges remain, including primarily
the difficulty of crossing the BBB.

Bi-Specific
Antibodies

The
concept of bispecific antibodies was first introduced in 1980s as a method to target multiple antigens by a single antibody. The recombinant
bispecific antibodies are classified into two types. The first are antibodies containing the crystallizable region (i.e., Fc-containing
antibodies) and the second are antibody derivatives without Fc regions. The Fc region is the tail region of an antibody that interacts
with cell surface receptors called Fc receptors and some proteins of the complement system. The mechanism of action of bispecific antibodies
includes binding to the tumor cells on one side through the Fab (antigen-binding region) portion of the antibody against the tumor-specific
antigen (such as CD19, HER2, EGFR, or GD2) and to the immune effector cells such as T cells and NK cells, which leads to activation of
those immune effector cells and Fc-receptor bearing phagocytic cells such as monocytes/macrophages that can also mediate direct lysis
of the tumor cells.

Bispecific
antibodies termed bispecific T cell engagers (BiTEs) are monomeric proteins consisting of two antibody-derived single-chain
variable fragments (scFvs) translated in tandem. These constructs possess one effector-binding arm specific for the epsilon
subunit of T-cell CD3 and an opposing target-binding arm directed against an antigen that is expressed on the surface of tumor cells
(e.g., EGFRvIII).

We
believe EGFRvIII is an attractive target tumor specific antigen, in part because it is specific to cancer cells and is not expressed
in non-tumor tissue. Importantly, antibodies directed against EGFRvIII are entirely tumor-specific and do not cross react with the wild-type
receptor located on healthy cells. Therefore, by retargeting T cells against the tumor-specific EGFRvIII antigen, we believe we can avoid
killing healthy tissue and the related adverse effects. EGFRs are involved in deregulated cancer signaling pathways, leading to atypical
proliferation and growth of tumor cells. EGFRvIII is the most common variant not presented in a major histocompatibility complex (MHC)
-dependent manner and is seen in approximately 31 to 50% of patients with GBM and in a broad array of other cancers including breast
and lung carcinoma. Lung and breast carcinoma are the two main types of cancer that lead to secondary brain tumors (i.e., brain metastases)
in about 25% of these patients. Among patients with EGFRvIII-positive GBM, 37 to 86% of tumor cells express the mutated receptor, indicating
that the mutation is translated with significant consistency.

Among
patients with GBM, expression of EGFRvIII is an independent, negative prognostic indicator. EGFRvIII also enhances the growth of neighboring
EGFRvIII-negative tumor cells via cytokine-mediated paracrine signaling and by transferring a functionally active oncogenic receptor
to EGFRvIII-negative cells through the release of lipid-raft related microvesicles. Recent research has also found that EGFRvIII is expressed
in glioma stem cells, an important consideration given the paradigm that tumor stem cells represent a subpopulation of cells that give
rise to all differentiated tumor cells. Altogether, the specificity, high frequency of surface expression and oncogenicity of the EGFRvIII
mutation make it an ideal target for antibody-based immunotherapy.

The
divalent structure of BiTEs brings T cells into close proximity to the tumor cell, creating a synapse. Following BiTE-mediated synapse
formation, T cells proliferate, secrete pro-inflammatory cytokines and express surface activation markers. Following BiTE-mediated synapse
formation, T cells release perforin and granzyme proteases that kill tumor cells. BiTEs are capable of mediating serial rounds of killing
and can trigger specific tumor cell killing from nave T cells at exceedingly low concentrations and effector-to-target ratios.

It
is well established that certain gliomas, such as glioblastoma, are uniquely shielded from the immune system due to its location within
the CNS. While this privilege is not absolute, a significant proportion of tumors have been noted to be devoid of any TILs that can be
redirected by bispecific T-cell engagers. In those tumors that do demonstrate invasion by TILs, they are often induced to be dysfunctional
and anergic by the suppressive tumor microenvironment. Increased numbers of intratumoral CD8+ cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTLs)
have been associated with favorable outcomes in patients with glioblastoma.

11

Concomitant
administration of stimulated CTLs may therefore synergistically enhance the efficacy of this treatment. The migration of T-cell engagers
across the BBB may also be facilitated by activated T cells which adhere to the brain microvascular endothelium and subsequently cross
by diapedesis. Concurrent administration of activated functional T cells could therefore enhance the trafficking of bispecific T-cell
engagers and other therapeutics into the intracranial compartment, increasing their density at the tumor site and thus the therapeutic
effect.

Additionally,
target cell killing with BiTE occurs in the absence of regular MHC peptide antigen recognition and costimulation and is therefore resistant
to certain immune escape mechanisms affecting antigen presentation and those affecting generation of tumor-specific T cell clones. Because
the CD3 target of BiTE antibody construct is the same in CD8+ and CD4+ T cells of any phenotype, they are all engaged, leading
to a polyclonal T cell activation, expansion and broad tumor cell killing.

Bispecific
T-cell engagers offer immunotherapy in a manufacturing format which is both scalable and standardizable. In contrast to CAR T cells,
T-cell engagers do not require initial lymphodepletion. Ex vivo manipulation of autologous cells has significant limitations,
including the need for a centralized manufacturing infrastructure with extensively trained laboratory personnel to genetically modify
each patients own T cells, use viral transduction which poses uncertain risks, are limited to the initial subset of T cells manipulated
and infused, and still face uncertainty as to the optimal T cell phenotype to infuse.

Our
Product Pipeline

APTN-101

We
have recently reported the development of our first novel T cell engaging molecule, known as APTN-101, using our BRiTE technology. BRiTE
focuses on the transport of difficult to deliver T cell targeting agents across the BBB allowing access to the immunoprivileged brain
and overcoming the challenges with other immunotherapeutic approaches. This is accomplished by sequentially or simultaneously administering
both BRiTE and specifically activated T cells by adoptive transfer. APTN-101 was designed to specifically redirect T cells against tumors
expressing a well-characterized, mutated form of the EGFR, EGFRvIII, on a number of tumor types, including GBM. Because EGFRvIII is exclusively
expressed on tumor cells, but not normal healthy cells, it represents an ideal target for immunotherapy.

APTN-101
(EGFRvIII x CD3 BRiTE) successfully activates human T cells against EGFRvIII expressing target cells, in the absence of any additional
immunostimulatory signal, resulting in the secretion of Th-1-associated cytokines and tumor-cell killing. APTN-101 is similarly effective
in vivo. Intravenous administration of APTN-101 induced consistent antitumor responses in mice bearing established, late-stage,
aggressive, intracerebral patient-derived gliomas, rapidly achieving complete remission rates as high as 75% in the absence of apparent
toxicity. Given the exquisite tumor-specificity of APTN-101, it represents a critical conceptual advance in safety contrary to target
antigens having a promiscuous expression pattern.

The
concept of BRiTE is the combination of novel T cell targeting agents with specifically activated polyclonal T cells. In order to exert
antineoplastic affects against brain tumors, both the T cell targeting agent and T cells need to efficiently access areas that have long
been considered as immunoprivileged. While circulating nave T cells do not typically penetrate the CNS, activated T cells are known
to cross the BBB to perform routine immunosurveillance of the central nervous system (Figure 1).

Figure
1- The process of T cells crossing the inflamed BBB is coordinating and sequential. Briefly, activated T cells initially arresting on
the endothelium is mediated by the lymphocyte-associated antigen-1 (LFA- 1) and 41-integrin expressed on the T cells,
respectively binding to the intracellular cell adhesion molecule 1 (ICAM1) and adhesion molecules vascular cell adhesion
molecule 1 (VCAM1) on brain endothelial cells. Subsequently, the T cell crawling and polarization exclusively involve LFA-1
and ICAM1/2 interactions. After arriving at sites where are rich in the laminin isoform 4 but not laminin 5, the T cells use 61-integrin
to traverse the endothelial basement membrane.

12

Upon
intravenous administration, the T cell targeting agent (i.e., EGFRviii x CD3) binds to circulating T cells via its CD3 receptor and carries
or hitchhikes the agent to tumors located behind the BBB. Studies in aggressive orthotopic GBM models have revealed that
adoptive transfer of activated T cells significantly increases the biodistribution of intravenously administered EGFRvIII x CD3 BRiTE
to orthotopic glioma (Figure 2).

Figure
2- Mass spectroscopy demonstrates that pre-administration (four days) of ex vivo activated T cells increases the biodistribution of intravenously
administered EGFRvIII x CD3 to the brain parenchyma.

BRiTE
circumvents ordinary clonotypic T-cell specificity, potentially allowing any T-cell, regardless of endogenous specificity or phenotype,
to exert an anti-neoplastic effect. In vivo experiments show that BRiTEs can reactivate potentially unresponsive, anergic T cells,
such as those frequently encountered among TIL populations thereby enhancing the spread of T cells reactive towards other antigens (epitope
spreading). Proximal contact between T cells and tumor cells could directly reactivate tumor infiltrating lymphocytes specific for cancer
antigens other than directed by BRiTE, without cross-presentation. The EGFRvIII x CD3 BRiTE molecule has the potential to directly activate
and expand pre-existing T cells among a polyclonal population that are specific for tumor antigens other than EGFRvIII. Indeed, others
have discovered that by re-activating pre-existing T cell clones using a CD3 binding bispecific antibody specific for Wilms tumor
protein (WT1) it is possible to induce effective and persistent epitope spreading responses to multiple antigens. If the clinical utility
of this mechanism of epitope spreading is confirmed, this could provide an exciting mechanism to combat tumor heterogeneity.

Importantly,
our data suggest that once APTN-101 reaches the brain, it can activate even suppressive Tregs to kill glioblastoma tumor cells by redirecting
their natural granzyme-mediated cytotoxic potential and enhance a cytotoxic immune response. These findings not only highlight a new
mechanism by which BRiTEs may circumvent certain aspects of Treg mediated suppression, but also have broader implications with regard
to the natural functional role of activated, tumor infiltrating Tregs that ordinarily suppress and kill cytotoxic T lymphocytes in the
tumor microenvironment.

By
tethering cytotoxic effectors to target cells without the need for antigen presentation via the MHC, BRiTEs can furthermore overcome
tumor immune escape mechanisms, such as the downregulation of MHC.

13

In
addition to enhancing the biodistribution of EGFRvIII x CD3 BRiTE to the brain, the activated polyclonal T cells (compared to the addition
of no activated polyclonal T cells or nave polyclonal T cells) have the potential to restore effector T cells function at intracerebral
sites (Figure 3) leading to cures in greater than 75% of animals.

Figure
3- IV administration of activated T cells enhances hEGFRvIII-CD3 bi-scFv efficacy against syngeneic, highly-invasive, orthotopic glioma
(right panel) compared to IV administration of nave T cells when combined with hEGFRvIII-CD3 bi-scFv (left panel). The highly invasive
murine glioma CT-2A-EGFRvIII was implanted orthotopically in human CD3 transgenic mice (females, 8-10 weeks old, n=10 per group).

Next,
we hypothesized that the increase in efficacy observed with the pre-administration of activated polyclonal T cells would be abrogated
if those T cells were to be blocked from entering the CNS parenchyma. Natalizumab, a clinically approved drug for the treatment of multiple
sclerosis, functions by binding to polyclonal T cells and preventing their association with receptors involved in the process of extravasation.
Remarkably, in cohorts of mice receiving adoptive transfer of activated polyclonal T cells along with treatment with the extravasation
blocking molecule natalizumab, efficacy was decreased to levels observed in cohorts that did not receive adoptive transfer of activated
polyclonal T cells (Figure 4).

Figure
4- Blocking T cell extravasation with Natalizumab (VLA-4) abrogates the observed increase in efficacy with adoptive cell transfer (n=8
per group). Natalizumab is a clinically approved drug for the treatment of multiple sclerosis that functions by blocking T cell extravasation.

We
have also demonstrated an effective antidote for any potential toxicity that may result from administration of the EGFRvIII
x CD3 BRiTE in a clinical setting. By administering a short peptide that spans the EGFRvIII mutation (PEPvIII), we have effectively blocked
bispecific antibody function both in vitro and in vivo, providing a tool highly likely to aid in safe clinical administration
of any EGFRvIII targeted bispecific antibody.

The
above data demonstrates that BRiTE technology has the ability to transport difficult to deliver agents, including T cell targeting agents,
across the BBB and demonstrate superior antineoplastic activity in aggressive orthotopic models of GBM while having an acceptable safety
profile. This newly uncovered hitchhiking mechanism of drug delivery to the CNS provides an important tool to enhance the immunotherapy
of brain tumors and has potentially far-reaching consequences for the treatment of other CNS disorders, such as Alzheimers or
Parkinsons disease, where issues regarding drug delivery to the CNS are relevant.

14

In
summary, the results of preclinical studies demonstrate that the EGFRvIII targeting BRiTE may provide a safe, highly effective therapeutic
option for GBM patients. Future studies will determine whether these results can be recapitulated in the clinical setting and whether
BRiTEs favorably interact with other therapies that are currently employed as a standard-of-care for GBM patients.

APTN-101
Clinical Studies

The
proposed Phase 1 study will evaluate a novel hEGFRvIII-CD3-biscFv Bispecific T cell engager (BRiTE) in patients diagnosed with pathologically
documented supratentorial World Health Organization grade IV malignant glioma with an EGFR mutation (either newly diagnosed or at first
progression/recurrence) at the Preston Robert Tisch Brain Tumor Center at Duke University.

The
primary objective of this phase 1 study is to determine the safety and tolerability of BRiTE and recommend phase 2 dose of BRiTE injected
with and without activated polyclonal T-cells in among a patient population that includes newly diagnosed patients after completion of
standard of care therapy consisting of radiation and adjuvant temozolomide, and patients at first progression (defined as progression
during or after standard of care radiation and adjuvant temozolomide).

Another
secondary objective is to describe the PK in subjects treated with BRiTE. A population PK analysis will be performed to characterize
the PK of BRiTE using the software Nonlinear Mixed Effects Modeling (NONMEM, version 7.2). Different structural PK models (e.g., 1 and
2 compartment) with linear or non-linear (e.g., Michaelis-Menten) kinetics will be fitted to the plasma concentration-time data of BRiTE.

Exploratory
objectives include an evaluation of the pharmacodynamics effect of BRiTE, an evaluation of the formation and incidence of anti-BRiTE
antibodies, and a description of overall survival and progression-free survival.

Our
Intellectual Property

We
strive to protect the proprietary technology that we believe is important to our business, including our product candidates and our processes.
We seek patent protection in the United States and internationally for our product candidates, their methods of use and processes of
manufacture, and any other technology to which we have rights, as appropriate. Additionally, we have licensed the rights to intellectual
property related to certain of our product candidates, including patents and patent applications that cover the products or their methods
of use or processes of manufacture. The terms of the licenses are described below under the heading License Agreement.
We also rely on trade secrets that may be important to the development of our business.

We
hold a world-wide exclusive license to three issued or allowed United States patents and one pending PTC patent application covering
the enhanced delivery of drugs and other compounds to the brain and other tissues. The patents and patent applications that we licensed
provide patent terms or anticipated patent terms ranging from 2031 to 2039 without patent term extensions.

Our
success will in part depend on the ability to obtain and maintain patent and other proprietary rights in commercially important technology,
inventions and know-how related to our business, the validity and enforceability of our patents, the continued confidentiality of our
trade secrets, and our ability to operate without infringing the valid and enforceable patents and proprietary rights of third parties.
We also rely on continuing technological innovation and in-licensing opportunities to develop and maintain our proprietary position.

We
cannot be sure that patents will be granted with respect to any of our pending patent applications or with respect to any patent applications
we may own or license in the future, nor can we be sure that any of our existing patents or any patents we may own or license in the
future will be useful in protecting our technology and products. For this and more comprehensive risks related to our intellectual property,
please see Risk FactorsRisks Related to Our Intellectual Property.

15

License
Agreement

Patent
License Agreement with Duke University

Effective
January 11, 2023, Private Adaptin entered into a patent license agreement (the Duke License) with Duke University, a nonprofit
educational and research institution organized under the laws of North Carolina (Duke University), whereby Duke University
granted us an exclusive license with a right to grant sublicenses to BISPECIFIC EGFRvIII ANTIBODY ENGAGING MOLECULES, HUMAN BISPECIFIC EGFRvIII ANTIBODY AND CD3 ENGAGING MOLECULES, CERTAIN IMPROVED HUMAN BISPECIFIC EGFRvIII ANTIBODY
ENGAGING MOLECULES and ENHANCED DELIVERY OF DRUGS AND OTHER COMPOUNDS TO THE BRAIN AND OTHER TISSUES (together,
the precision medicine technology). With this technology, which the Company assumed pursuant to the Merger, we intend to
develop our BRiTE Platform, a combination of an immune cell engager with activated functional T-cells, which focuses on transporting
difficult to deliver agents across the blood brain barrier, allowing access to the immunoprivileged central nervous system. Under the
Duke License, we are required to use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and retain the relevant governmental approvals and to
commercialize the precision medicine technology. We must also use reasonable efforts to reach certain commercialization and research
and development milestones as outlined in the Duke License.

On
August 8, 2024, Private Adaptin entered into a Sponsored Research Agreement (the SRA), which the Company assumed pursuant
to the Merger, whereby Duke University agreed to perform research exploring the administration methods of our BRiTE Platform for a fixed
fee. The Duke License has been amended (the First Amendment) such that the Company has the option to add any invention
conceived as a result of the performance under the SRA to the license.

As
part of the consideration for the license, Private Adaptin issued Duke University shares, representing 5% of its issued and outstanding
common stock on a fully diluted basis. Following the Merger, Duke University holds 2.0% of the combined Company. We also agreed to make
payments based on clinical and commercial milestones and continuing royalty payments on any sales made after approval by regulatory authorities.
These milestones include initiation of a Phase II or Phase III clinical trials, submission of applications for market approval in multiple
jurisdictions including the United States, European Union and Japan and the initiation of post-approval commercial sales in the same
jurisdictions. Based on an assumption that all milestones related to the current development program are met during the course of the
Duke License, these milestone payments would total approximately $11.7 million. Under the terms of the Duke License, we must pay running
royalties equal to low- to mid-single digit percentages of annual net sales, depending on the level of sales by us, our sublicensees
and affiliates in that year, and subject to downward adjustment to low single digit percentages of our net annual sales in the event
there is no valid claim of a patent for the product, with minimum annual royalty levels established. We also must pay Duke University
low to mid-double-digit percentages of any sublicensing fees as set forth in the Duke License. We will be responsible for all patent
expenses incurred by Duke University and must reimburse Duke University for previous patent expenses incurred by Duke University for
filing and prosecution of the patent rights.

The
term of the Duke License will extend until the expiration of the last to expire patent rights, subject to early termination as set forth
in the Duke License. The foregoing descriptions of the Duke License, First Amendment and SRA do
not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by the terms and conditions of the Duke License, First Amendment and SRA,
forms of which are attached hereto as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2 and 10.3, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference.

Manufacturing
and Supply

We
contract with third parties for the manufacturing of all of our product candidates, and for pre-clinical and clinical studies and intend
to continue to do so in the future. We do not own or operate any manufacturing facilities and we have no plans to build any owned clinical
or commercial-scale manufacturing capabilities. We believe that the use of contract manufacturing organizations (CMOs)
eliminates the need to directly invest in manufacturing facilities, equipment and additional staff. Although we rely on contract manufacturers,
our personnel and consultants have extensive manufacturing experience overseeing CMOs.

16

We
have produced the EGFRvIII x CD3 BRiTE in a fashion suitable for clinical translational and compatible with clinical biologic
manufacturing infrastructure. This has included generating and certifying a Master Cell Bank and developing a scalable expression
and tag-free purification and formulation process suitable for clinical translation. On the basis of our data and development
work, we have had a CMO produce clinical-grade EGFRvIII x CD3 BRiTE suitable for clinical study.

As
we further develop our product candidates, we expect to consider secondary or back-up manufacturers for both active pharmaceutical ingredient
and drug product manufacturing. To date, our third-party manufacturers have met the manufacturing requirements for our product candidates
in a timely manner. We expect third-party manufacturers to be capable of providing sufficient quantities of our product candidates to
meet anticipated full-scale commercial demand but we have not assessed these capabilities beyond the supply of clinical materials to
date. We currently engage CMOs on a fee for services basis based on our current development plans. We plan to identify
CMOs and enter into longer-term contracts or commitments if and as we move our product candidates into Phase 3 clinical trials.

We
believe alternate sources of manufacturing will be available to satisfy our clinical and potential future commercial requirements; however,
we cannot guarantee that identifying and establishing alternative relationships with such sources will be successful, cost-effective,
or completed on a timely basis without significant delay in the development or commercialization of our product candidates. All of the
vendors we use are required to conduct their operations under current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP), a regulatory
standard for the manufacture of pharmaceuticals.

Competition

The
pharmaceutical industry is highly competitive and characterized by intense and rapidly changing competition to develop new technologies
and proprietary products, particularly in some of the areas of high unmet medical need that we are targeting. Our potential competitors
include both major and specialty pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies worldwide, many of which have far greater resources and access
to capital than we do. In particular, Affimed N.V. and NexImmune, Inc. are
studying the combination of immune cell engagers with T or NK cells using a different bispecific immune cell engager, and Amgen
Inc. and Genentech, Inc. (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Roche Holding AG) have programs using a form of EGFRvIII x CD3 bispecific
T cell engager (although neither are using them in combination with activated T cells). Our success
will be based in part on our ability to identify, develop, and manage a portfolio of safe and effective product candidates that address
the unmet needs of patients before our competitors.

Government
Regulations

The
FDA and other regulatory authorities at federal, state and local levels, as well as in foreign countries, extensively regulate, among
other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, import, export, safety, effectiveness, labeling, packaging,
storage, distribution, record keeping, approval, advertising, promotion, marketing, post-approval monitoring and post-approval reporting
of drugs, such as those we are developing. Along with our third-party contractors, we will be required to navigate the various preclinical,
clinical, and commercial approval requirements of the governing regulatory agencies of the countries in which we wish to conduct studies
or seek approval or licensure of our product candidates. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance
with appropriate federal, state, local, and foreign statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial time and financial
resources.

FDA
Regulation of Drugs

Before
any of our drug product candidates may be marketed in the United States, they must be approved by the FDA. The process required by the
FDA before drug product candidates may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following:

completion
of preclinical laboratory tests and animal studies performed in accordance with the FDAs
current Good Laboratory Practices regulations;

17

submission
to the FDA of an IND, which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin
and must be updated annually or when significant changes are made;

approval
by an independent institutional review board (IRB) or ethics committee for
each clinical site before a clinical trial can begin;

performance
of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials to establish the safety and efficacy
of the proposed product candidate for its intended purpose;

preparation
of and submission to the FDA of a New Drug Application (NDA) after completion
of all required clinical trials;

a
determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of an NDA to file the application
for review;

satisfactory
completion of an FDA Advisory Committee review, if required by the FDA;

satisfactory
completion of an FDA pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities
at which the proposed product is produced to assess compliance with cGMP, and to assure that
the facilities, methods, and controls are adequate to preserve the products continued
safety, purity and potency, and of selected clinical investigational sites to assess compliance
with current Good Clinical Practices; and

FDA
review and approval of the NDA to permit commercial marketing of the product for particular
indications for use in the United States, which must be updated annually and when significant
changes are made.

The
testing and approval processes require substantial time, effort, and financial resources and each may take several years to complete.
The FDA may not grant approval on a timely basis, or at all, and we may encounter difficulties or unanticipated costs in our efforts
to secure necessary governmental approvals, which could delay or preclude us from marketing our product candidates. The FDA may delay
or refuse approval of an NDA if applicable regulatory criteria are not satisfied, or may require additional testing, information, and/or
post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor safety or efficacy of a product candidate.

If
regulatory approval of a product candidate is granted, such approval may entail limitations on the indicated uses for which such product
may be marketed. For example, the FDA may approve the NDA with a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS) plan to
mitigate risks, which could include medication guides, physician communication plans, or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted
distribution methods, patient registries, and other risk minimization tools. The FDA also may condition approval on, among other things,
changes to proposed labeling or the development of adequate controls and specifications. Once approved, the FDA may withdraw the product
approval if compliance with pre- and post-marketing regulatory standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches
the marketplace. The FDA may require one or more post-market studies and surveillance to further assess and monitor the products
safety and effectiveness after commercialization and may limit further marketing of the product based on the results of these post-marketing
studies. In addition, new government requirements, including those resulting from new legislation, may be established, or the FDAs
policies may change, which could delay or prevent regulatory approval of our product candidates under development.

FDA Programs for Expedited Review and Increased Exclusivity

A
sponsor may seek approval of a product candidate under Fast Track and Breakthrough Therapy programs designed to accelerate the FDAs
review and approval of new drug candidates that meet certain criteria, and/or to receive increased exclusivity under the orphan drug
program. We intend to pursue these programs where our product candidates qualify.

Fast
Track. A new drug candidate is eligible for Fast Track designation if it is intended to treat a serious or life-threatening condition,
fill an unmet medical need, and demonstrate a significant improvement in the safety or effectiveness in the treatment of that condition.

A
drug that receives Fast Track designation is eligible for the following:

more
frequent meetings with FDA to discuss the drugs development plan and ensure collection
of appropriate data needed to support drug approval;

18

more
frequent written correspondence from FDA about the design of clinical trials;

priority
review to shorten the FDA review process for a new drug from ten months to six months; and

rolling
review, which means we can submit completed sections of its NDA for review by FDA, rather
than waiting until every section of the application is completed before the entire application
can be reviewed.

Under
the accelerated approval program, the FDA may approve an NDA on the basis of either a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to
predict clinical benefit, or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, that is reasonably
likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity,
or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. Fast Track designation and priority review do
not change the standards for approval but may expedite the development or approval process.

Breakthrough
Therapy. A new drug candidate is eligible for Breakthrough Therapy designation if it is intended to treat a serious condition
and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug may demonstrate substantial improvement over available therapy on one or more
clinically significant endpoints.

A
drug that receives Breakthrough Therapy designation is eligible for the following:

All
Fast Track designation features;

Intensive
guidance from the FDA on an efficient drug development program, beginning as early as Phase
1; and

FDA
organizational commitment involving senior managers.

Orphan
Drug Designation. Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan drug designation to a drug candidate intended to treat
a rare disease or condition, which is generally a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States,
or more than 200,000 individuals in the United States and for which there is no reasonable expectation that costs of research and development
of the drug for the indication can be recovered by sales of the drug in the United States. Orphan drug designation must be requested
before submitting an NDA. After the FDA grants orphan drug designation, the generic identity of the therapeutic agent and its potential
orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. Although there may be some increased communication opportunities, orphan drug designation
does not convey any advantage in or shorten the duration of the regulatory review and approval process.

If
a drug candidate that has orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for the disease for which it has such
designation, the product is entitled to orphan drug exclusivity, which means that the FDA may not approve any other applications, including
a full NDA, to market the same drug for the same indication for seven years, except in very limited circumstances, such as if the second
applicant demonstrates the clinical superiority of its product or if the FDA finds that the holder of the orphan drug exclusivity has
not shown that it can assure the availability of sufficient quantities of the orphan drug to meet the needs of patients with the disease
or condition for which the drug was designated. Orphan drug exclusivity does not prevent the FDA from approving a different drug for
the same disease or condition, or the same drug for a different disease or condition. Among the other benefits of orphan drug designation
are tax credits for certain research and a waiver of the NDA application user fee.

As
in the United States, designation as an orphan drug for the treatment of a specific indication in the European Union must be made before
the application for marketing authorization is made. Orphan drugs in Europe enjoy economic and marketing benefits, including up to ten
years of market exclusivity for the approved indication unless another applicant can show that its product is safer, more effective or
otherwise clinically superior to the orphan designated product.

The
inability to obtain or failure to maintain adequate product exclusivity for our product candidates could have a material adverse effect
on our business prospects, results of operations and financial condition.

19

Other
Healthcare Laws and Compliance Requirements

Our
sales, promotion, medical education, clinical research, and other activities following product approval will be subject to regulation
by numerous regulatory and law enforcement authorities in the United States in addition to the FDA, including potentially the Federal
Trade Commission, the Department of Justice, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), the U.S. Department
of Health and Human Services (DHHS) Office of Inspector General, and other divisions of DHHS, and state and local governments.

Our
business and our relationships with customers, physicians, and third-party payors are and will continue to be subject, directly and indirectly,
to federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations. These laws also apply to the physicians and third-party payors
who will play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of our product candidates, if they become commercially available
products. These laws may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we might market, sell and distribute
our products and will impact, among other things, any proposed sales, marketing and educational programs. There are also laws, regulations
and requirements applicable to the award and performance of federal grants and contracts. If our operations are found to be in violation
of any of such laws or any other governmental regulations that apply to them, we may be subject to penalties, including, without limitation,
civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, the reimbursement of overpayments, the curtailment or restructuring of our
operations, exclusion from participation in federal and state healthcare programs, imprisonment, contractual damages, reputational harm,
and diminished profits and earningsany of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results.

Restrictions
under applicable federal and state healthcare related laws and regulations include but are not limited to the following:

the
federal Anti-Kickback Statute;

the
civil federal False Claims Act;

the
criminal federal False Claims Act;

the
Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, as amended by the Health Information
Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, and its implementing regulations
(collectively, HIPAA);

the
civil monetary penalties statute;

federal
transparency laws, including the federal Physician Sunshine Act (PSA); and

analogous
or similar state, federal, and foreign laws, regulations, and requirements.

Efforts
to ensure that our business arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations involve substantial
costs. Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and safe harbors available, it is possible
that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices do not comply with current or future statutes, regulations, or
case law interpreting applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations are found to be in violation
of any of these laws or any other laws, regulations, or other requirements that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil,
criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, imprisonment, restitution exclusion from government funded healthcare programs,
corporate integrity agreements, deferred prosecution agreements, debarment from government contracts and grants and refusal of future
orders under existing contracts, contractual damages, the curtailment or restructuring of our operations and other consequences. If any
of the physicians or other healthcare providers or entities with whom we expect to do business are found not to be in compliance with
applicable laws, that person or entity may be subject to criminal, civil, or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government
funded healthcare programs. Moreover, availability of any federal grant funds which we may receive or for which we may apply is subject
to federal appropriations law. Such grant funding may also be withdrawn or denied due to a violation of the above laws and/or for other
reasons.

20

Coverage
and Reimbursement; Healthcare Reform

Sales
of pharmaceutical products depend significantly on the extent to which coverage and adequate reimbursement are provided by third-party
payers. Third-party payers include state and federal government health care programs, managed care providers, private health insurers,
and other organizations. Although we currently believe that third-party payers will provide coverage and reimbursement for our product
candidates, if approved, we cannot be certain of this. Third-party payers are increasingly challenging the price, examining the cost-effectiveness
and reducing reimbursement for medical products and services. In addition, significant uncertainty exists as to the reimbursement status
of newly approved healthcare products. The United States government, state legislatures, and foreign governments have continued implementing
healthcare reform and cost containment programs, including price controls, restrictions on coverage and reimbursement and requirements
for substitution of generic products. Adoption of price controls and cost containment measures, and adoption of more restrictive policies
in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could further limit our net revenue and results. We might need to conduct expensive
clinical studies to demonstrate the comparative cost-effectiveness of our product candidates. Third-party payers might not consider the
product candidates that we develop to be cost-effective and not cover or sufficiently reimburse for their use. It is time-consuming and
expensive for us to seek coverage and reimbursement from third-party payers, as each payer will make its own determination as to whether
to cover a product and at what level of reimbursement. Thus, one payers decision to provide coverage and adequate reimbursement
for a product does not assure that another payer will provide coverage or that the reimbursement levels will be adequate. Moreover, a
payers decision to provide coverage for a drug product does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved.

Foreign
Regulation

In
addition to regulations in the United States, we will be subject to a variety of foreign regulations governing clinical trials and commercial
sales and distribution of our product candidates to the extent we choose to develop or sell any product candidates outside of the United
States. The approval process varies from country to country and the time may be longer or shorter than that required to obtain FDA approval.
The requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement, and privacy, can vary greatly
from country to country.

Employees

As
of the Effective Time of the Merger, we had four employees, all of whom are located in the United States. None of our employees is represented
by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good.

Property

The
Company owns no real property. We maintain a month-to-month membership providing mail services and shared space for meetings and other
business activities at 3540, Toringdon Way, Suite 200, #250, Charlotte, North Carolina. The current rent is approximately $100 per month.

Litigation

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. However,
litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may
harm business.

We
are currently not aware of any pending legal proceedings to which we are a party or of which any of our property is the subject, nor
are we aware of any such proceedings that are contemplated by any governmental authority.

Available
Information

Our
principal offices are located at 3540 Toringdon Way, Suite 200, #250, Charlotte, NC 28277 and our telephone number is (888) 609-1498.
Our website is www.adaptinbio.com, and we can be contacted at info@adaptinbio.com. We are subject to the informational requirements
of the Exchange Act and file or furnish reports, proxy statements, and other information with the SEC. Such reports and other information
filed by us with the SEC will be available free of charge on our website at www.adaptinbio.com when such reports are available
on the SECs website. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information
that issuers file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov.

The
contents of the websites referred to above are not incorporated into this filing. Further, our references to the URLs for these websites
are intended to be inactive textual references only. 

21

RISK
FACTORS

This
Report contains forward-looking statements which involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those
anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including those set forth in the following risk factors.

Risk
Factors Summary

Risks
Related to Our Business and Operations

We
have generated no revenue from commercial sales to date and our future profitability is uncertain.

The
report of our independent registered accounting firm expresses substantial doubt about our
ability to continue as a going concern.

We
have limited access to the capital markets and even if we can raise additional funding, we
may be required to do so on terms that are dilutive to our stockholders.

If
we fail to obtain the additional capital necessary to fund our operations, we will be unable
to continue or complete our product development and our business will be substantially harmed.

We
may expand our business through the acquisition of rights to new drug candidates that could
disrupt our business, harm our financial condition and may also dilute our stockholders
ownership.

If
any future collaborations with third parties for the discovery, development and commercialization
of our product candidates fail to lead to commercial products, and we may never receive milestone
payments or future royalties under these agreements.

The
marketing approval process of the FDA is lengthy, time consuming and inherently unpredictable,
and if we were ultimately unable to obtain marketing approval for the product candidates
we intend to develop, our business will be substantially harmed.

Our
product candidates are in the early stages of development.

We
have relied and may in the future rely on third parties to conduct investigator-sponsored
trials of our products, which is cost-effective but affords the investigators the ability
to retain significant control over the design and conduct of the trials, and use of the data
generated from their efforts.

We
are subject to a multitude of manufacturing risks, any of which could substantially increase
our costs and limit supply of our products.

Our
insurance policies are expensive and protect us only from some business risks, which leaves
us exposed to significant uninsured liabilities.

Conducting
successful clinical studies may require the enrollment of large numbers of patients, and
suitable patients may be difficult to identify and recruit.

We
currently rely significantly on third parties to conduct our nonclinical testing and clinical
studies and other aspects of our development programs. If those third parties do not perform
as contractually required or expected, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for
or commercialize our products.

The
results of our current or future clinical trials may not support our product candidate claims
or may result in the discovery of unexpected adverse side effects.

Even
if approved, our product candidates and future products may never achieve market acceptance.

Our
revenue stream will depend upon third-party reimbursement.

If
a product candidate is approved and we are unable to establish satisfactory sales and marketing
capabilities or secure a sales and marketing partner, we may not successfully commercialize
our approved product candidates.

We
will rely on the availability of specific off-the-shelf components.

If
we market any of our products in a manner that violates healthcare fraud and abuse laws,
or if we violate government price reporting laws, we may be subject to civil or criminal
penalties.

Our
products will face significant competition in the markets for such products, and if they
are unable to compete successfully, our business will suffer.

After
approval, if obtained, our products will remain subject to ongoing regulatory obligations
and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional risk and expense,
including the FDA withdrawing or modifying approval for our products and product recalls
that could harm our reputation, business and financial results.

22

We
may be adversely affected by a failure or compromise from a cyberattack or data breach, which
could have an adverse effect on our business.

We
may undertake international operations, which will subject us to risks inherent with operations
outside of the United States.

We
may not be successful in hiring and retaining key employees.

Managing
our growth as we expand operations may strain our resources.

Risks
Related to Our Intellectual Property

We
could lose our license rights to our important intellectual property if we do not fulfill
our contractual obligations to our current and future licensors.

Our
ability to protect and enforce any patents we may obtain does not guaranty that we will secure
the right to commercialize such patents.

If
we fail to adequately protect or enforce our intellectual property rights or secure rights
to patents of others, the value of our intellectual property rights would diminish, and our
business and competitive position would suffer.

We
rely on confidentiality agreements to protect our trade secrets. If these agreements are
breached by our employees or other parties, our trade secrets may become known to our competitors.

If
we or our third-party suppliers are claimed to or found to be infringing on patents or trade
secrets owned by others, we may be forced to cease or alter our product development efforts,
obtain a license to continue the development or sale of our products, and/or pay damages.

Risks
Related to Ownership of our Common Stock

If
we are unable to register in a timely manner the shares of Common Stock issued to stockholders
in the Merger or the Offering, we may be subject to certain liquidated damages.

There
is currently no market for our Common Stock and there can be no assurance that any market
will ever develop and our Common Stock may not be eligible for listing or quotation on any
securities exchange or over-the-counter trading system.

The
market price and trading volume of our Common Stock may be volatile and could decline significantly.

The
designation of our Common Stock as penny stock or FINRA sales practice requirements
may limit the liquidity of our Common Stock.

Because
we do not intend to pay dividends, stockholders will benefit from an investment in our Common
Stock only if it appreciates in value.

Because
we became a reporting company under the Exchange Act by means other than a traditional underwritten
initial public offering, we may not be able to attract the attention of research analysts
at major brokerage firms.

Anti-takeover
provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us,
which may be beneficial to our stockholders, more difficult and may prevent attempts by our
stockholders to replace or remove our current management.

The
issuance of our preferred stock could adversely affect the holders of our Common Stock in
some circumstances.

We
are subject to the reporting requirements of federal securities laws, which can be expensive
and may divert resources from other projects, thus impairing our ability to grow.

Our
principal stockholders will have significant influence over the election of our board of
directors and approval of any significant corporate actions, including any sale of the Company.

23

Risks
Related to Our Business and Operations

We
have generated no revenue from commercial sales to date and our future profitability is uncertain.

Private
Adaptin was incorporated as Centaur Bio Inc., a Delaware corporation in 2021. The combined Company has a limited operating history and
our business is subject to all of the risks inherent in the establishment of a new business enterprise, which make our prospects hard
to evaluate. Any evaluation of our business and our prospects must be considered in light of the uncertainties, problems, expenses, difficulties,
complications and delays frequently encountered in connection with development and expansion of a new business enterprise. Since inception,
we have incurred losses and expect to continue to operate at a net loss for at least the next several years as we commence our research
and development efforts, conduct clinical trials and develop manufacturing, sales, marketing and distribution capabilities. There can
be no assurance that the products under development by us will be approved for sale in the United States or elsewhere. Furthermore, there
can be no assurance that if such products are approved, they will be successfully commercialized, and the extent of our future losses
and the timing of our profitability are highly uncertain. Many of these factors are beyond the control of our management. If we are unable
to achieve profitability, we may be unable to continue our operations.

The
report of our independent registered public accounting firm expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.

Our
auditor, KNAV CPA LLP, has indicated in their report on our financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, that conditions
exist that raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern due to our recurring losses from operations and significant
accumulated deficit. In addition, we continue to experience negative cash flows from operations. A going concern opinion
could impair our ability to finance our operations through the sale of equity. Our ability to continue as a going concern will depend
upon the availability of equity financing which represents the primary source of cash flows that will permit us to meet our financial
obligations as they come due and continue our research and development efforts.

We
have limited access to the capital markets and even if we can raise additional funding, we may be required to do so on terms that are
dilutive to our stockholders.

We
have limited access to the capital markets to raise capital. The capital markets have been unpredictable in the recent past for unprofitable
companies such as ours. In addition, it is generally difficult for development stage companies to raise capital under current market
conditions. The amount of capital that a company such as ours is able to raise often depends on variables in market conditions that are
beyond our control. As a result, we may not be able to secure financing on terms attractive to us, or at all. If we are able to consummate
a financing arrangement, the amount raised may not be sufficient to meet our future needs. If adequate funds are not available on acceptable
terms, or at all, our business, including our results of operations, financial condition and our continued viability will be materially
adversely affected. If we are able to secure future financing, it may be done on terms that are potentially dilutive to our stockholders.

If
we fail to obtain the additional capital necessary to fund our operations, we will be unable to continue or complete our product development
and our business will be substantially harmed.

The
net proceeds from our Offering are not sufficient to capitalize the development and commercialization of the product candidates we intend
to develop and we will need to continue to seek capital from time to time to continue development of the BRiTE platform beyond the initial
Phase 1 clinical trials and to acquire and develop other product candidates. Our first product is not expected to be commercialized until
at least 2028, if at all, and we cannot provide any assurances that any revenues it may generate in the future will be sufficient to
fund our ongoing operations.

We
believe the Company can fund its operations through the planned Phase 1 clinical trial and into 2026 with net proceeds from the Offering,
if we raise the Maximum Offering amount of approximately $8.5 million. As of the date of this Report, we have raised approximately $4.8
million in the Offering. Accordingly, we believe that we will need to raise substantial additional capital to fund our continuing operations
and the development and commercialization of our product candidates in or before 2026. Our business or operations may change in a manner
that would consume available funds more rapidly than anticipated and substantial additional funding may be required to maintain operations,
fund expansion, develop new or enhanced products, acquire complementary products, business or technologies or otherwise respond to competitive
pressures and opportunities, such as a change in the regulatory environment or a change in the global healthcare environment. In addition,
if our product candidates are commercialized, we may need to accelerate the growth of our sales capabilities and distribution beyond
what is currently envisioned, and this would require additional capital. However, we may not be able to secure funding when we need it
or on acceptable terms. We may not be able to raise sufficient funds to commercialize the product candidates we intend to develop.

24

If
we cannot raise adequate funds to satisfy our capital requirements, we will have to delay, scale back or eliminate our research and development
activities, clinical studies or future operations. We may also be required to obtain funds through arrangements with collaborators, which
arrangements may require us to relinquish rights to certain products that we otherwise would not consider relinquishing, including rights
to future product candidates or certain major geographic markets. This could result in sharing revenues that we might otherwise retain
for ourselves. Any of these actions may harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. If adequate funds cannot
be secured to sustain our business operations, our board of directors may decide that it is in the best interest of our stockholders
to dissolve our Company and liquidate our assets. 

The
amount of capital we may need depends on many factors, including the progress, timing and scope of our product development programs;
the progress, timing and scope of our preclinical studies and clinical trials; the time and cost necessary to obtain regulatory approvals;
the time and cost necessary to further develop manufacturing processes and arrange for contract manufacturing; our ability to enter into
and maintain collaborative, licensing and other commercial relationships; and our partners commitment of time and resources to
the development and commercialization of our products.

We
may expand our business through the acquisition of rights to new drug candidates that could disrupt our business, harm our financial
condition and may also dilute current stockholders ownership interests in us.

Our
business strategy includes expanding our products and capabilities, and we may seek acquisitions of drug candidates or technologies to
do so. Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including substantial cash expenditures; potentially dilutive issuance of equity securities;
incurrence of debt and contingent liabilities, some of which may be difficult or impossible to identify at the time of acquisition; difficulties
in assimilating the acquired technologies or the operations of the acquired companies; diverting our managements attention away
from other business concerns; risks of entering markets in which we have limited or no direct experience; and the potential loss of our
key employees or key employees of the acquired companies.

We
cannot assure you that any acquisition will result in short-term or long-term benefits to us. We may misjudge the value or worth of an
acquired product, company or business. In addition, our future success would depend in part on our ability to manage the rapid growth
associated with acquisitions. We cannot assure you that we will be able to make the combination of our business with that of acquired
products, businesses or companies work or be successful. Acquisitions and the subsequent integration of new assets, businesses, key personnel,
customers, vendors, and suppliers require significant attention from our management and could result in a diversion of resources from
our existing business, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our operations. Furthermore, the development or expansion of our
business or any acquired products, business or companies may require a substantial capital investment by us. We may not have these necessary
funds, or they might not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. We may also seek to raise funds by selling shares of our preferred
or Common Stock, which could dilute each current stockholders ownership interest in us.

We
may, in the future, seek to enter into collaborations with third parties for the discovery, development and commercialization of our
product candidates. If our collaborators cease development efforts under our collaboration agreements, or if any of those agreements
are terminated, these collaborations may fail to lead to commercial products, and we may never receive milestone payments or future royalties
under these agreements.

We
may in the future seek to enter into agreements with other third-party collaborators for research, development and commercialization
of other therapeutic technologies or product candidates. Biopharmaceutical companies are our likely future collaborators for any marketing,
distribution, development, licensing or broader collaboration arrangements. If we fail to enter into future collaborations on commercially
reasonable terms, or at all, or such collaborations are not successful, we may not be able to execute our strategy to develop our product
candidates or therapies that we believe could benefit from the resources of either larger biopharmaceutical companies or those specialized
in a particular area of relevance.

25

With
our existing Duke License and with any future collaboration agreements, we have limited control over the amount and timing of resources
that our collaborators dedicate to the development or commercialization of our product candidates. Moreover, our ability to generate
revenues from these arrangements will depend on our collaborators abilities to successfully perform the functions assigned to
them in these arrangements. Collaborations involving our product candidates pose the following risks to us:

collaborators
have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply
to these collaborations;

collaborators
may not pursue development and commercialization of our product candidates or may elect not
to continue or renew development or commercialization programs based on preclinical studies
or clinical trial results, changes in the collaborators strategic focus or available
funding, or external factors such as an acquisition that diverts resources or creates competing
priorities;

collaborators
may delay clinical trials, provide insufficient funding for a clinical trial program, stop
a clinical trial or abandon a product candidate, repeat or conduct new clinical trials or
require a new formulation of a product candidate for clinical testing;

collaborators
could independently develop, or develop with third parties, products that compete directly
or indirectly with our product candidates if the collaborators believe that competitive products
are more likely to be successfully developed or can be commercialized under terms that are
more economically attractive than ours;

collaborators
with marketing and distribution rights to one or more products may not commit sufficient
resources to the marketing and distribution of such product or products;

collaborators
may not properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our proprietary
information in such a way as to invite litigation that could jeopardize or invalidate our
intellectual property or proprietary information or expose us to litigation or potential
liability;

collaborators
may infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties, which may expose us to litigation
and potential liability;

disputes
may arise between the collaborators and us that result in the delay or termination of the
research, development or commercialization of our product candidates or that result in costly
litigation or arbitration that diverts management attention and resources; and

collaborations
may be terminated and, if terminated, may result in a need for additional capital to pursue
further development or commercialization of the applicable product candidates.

As
a result of the foregoing, our current and any future collaboration agreements may not lead to development or commercialization of our
product candidates in the most efficient manner or at all. If a collaborator of ours were to be involved in a business combination, the
continued pursuit and emphasis on our product development or commercialization program could be delayed, diminished or terminated. Any
failure to successfully develop or commercialize our product candidates pursuant to our current or any future collaboration agreements
could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

Moreover,
to the extent that any of our existing or future collaborators were to terminate a collaboration agreement, we may be forced to independently
develop these product candidates, including funding preclinical studies or clinical trials, assuming marketing and distribution costs
and defending intellectual property rights, or, in certain instances, abandon product candidates altogether, any of which could result
in a change to our business plan and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

26

The
marketing approval process of the FDA is lengthy, time consuming and inherently unpredictable, and if we were ultimately unable to obtain
marketing approval for the product candidates we intend to develop, our business will be substantially harmed.

We
cannot commercialize our product candidates in the United States without first obtaining approval from the FDA to market each product
candidate. None of the product candidates we intend to develop have gained marketing approval in the United States and we cannot guarantee
that we will gain the required marketing approval. Our business is substantially dependent on our ability to complete the development
of, obtain marketing approval for, and successfully commercialize our product candidates in a timely manner. Our product candidates could
fail to receive marketing approval for many reasons, including among others:

The
FDA may disagree with the design or implementation of our clinical trials;

Our
clinical trials may not produce results demonstrating that our products are safe and effective;
and

The
FDA could determine that our manufacturing processes and procedures are not sufficient to
support approval.

In
addition, the process of seeking regulatory clearance or approval to market the product candidates we intend to develop is expensive
and time consuming and, notwithstanding the effort and expense incurred, clearance or approval is never guaranteed. If we are not successful
in obtaining timely clearance or approval of our products from the FDA, we may never be able to generate any revenue and may be forced
to cease operations. The NDA process is costly, lengthy and uncertain. Any NDA application filed by the Company will have to be supported
by extensive data, including, but not limited to, technical, preclinical, clinical trial, manufacturing and labeling data, to demonstrate
to the FDAs satisfaction the safety and efficacy of the product for its intended use.

Obtaining
clearances or approvals from the FDA and from the regulatory agencies in other countries could result in unexpected and significant costs
for us and consume managements time and other resources. In addition, new government requirements, including those resulting from
new legislation, may be established, or the FDAs policies may change, which could delay or prevent regulatory approval of our
product candidates under development. The FDA and other agencies could ask us to supplement our submissions, collect non-clinical data,
conduct additional clinical trials or engage in other time-consuming actions, or simply deny our applications. In addition, even if we
obtain an NDA approval or pre-market approvals in other countries, the approval could be revoked or other restrictions imposed if post-marketing
studies and surveillance demonstrates safety issues or lack of effectiveness after commercialization. We cannot predict with certainty
how, or when, the FDA will act. If we are unable to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals, our financial condition and cash flow
may be adversely affected, and our ability to grow domestically and internationally may be limited. Additionally, even if cleared or
approved, the Companys products may not be approved for the specific indications that are most necessary or desirable for successful
commercialization or profitability.

Our
product candidates are in the early stages of development.

Extensive
further laboratory and specific clinical testing will be required prior to regulatory approval of any of our product candidates. Adverse
or inconclusive results from preclinical testing or clinical trials of our product candidates may substantially delay, or halt entirely,
any further development of one or more of our products.

We
have relied and may in the future rely on third parties to conduct investigator-sponsored trials (ISTs) of our products,
which is cost-effective for us but affords the investigators the ability to retain significant control over the design and conduct of
the trials, as well as the use of the data generated from their efforts.

We
have relied and may in the future rely on third parties to conduct and sponsor clinical trials. Such ISTs may provide us with valuable
clinical data that can inform our future development strategy in a cost-efficient manner, but we do not control the design or conduct
of the ISTs, and it is possible that the FDA or non-United States regulatory authorities will not view these ISTs as providing adequate
support for future clinical trials, whether controlled by us or third parties, for any one or more reasons, including elements of the
design or execution of the trials or safety concerns or other trial results.

27

These
arrangements provide us limited information rights with respect to the ISTs, including access to and the ability to use and reference
the data, including for our own regulatory filings, resulting from the ISTs. However, we would not have control over the timing and reporting
of the data from ISTs, nor would we own the data from the ISTs. If we are unable to confirm or replicate the results from the ISTs or
if negative results are obtained, we would likely be further delayed or prevented from advancing further clinical development. Further,
if investigators or institutions breach their obligations with respect to the clinical development of our product candidates, or if the
data proves to be inadequate compared to the first-hand knowledge we might have gained had the ISTs been sponsored and conducted by us,
then our ability to design and conduct any future clinical trials ourselves may be adversely affected.

Clinical
trials necessary to support NDA approval of our product candidates will be time-consuming and expensive. Delays or failures in our clinical
trials will prevent us from commercializing our products and will adversely affect our business, operating results and prospects and
could cause us to cease operations.

Initiating
and completing clinical trials necessary to support NDA approval of our product candidates and other new products will be time consuming
and expensive, and the outcome uncertain. Moreover, the results of early clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results,
and any product we advance into clinical trials may not have favorable results in later clinical trials.

Each
modification to the protocol during a clinical trial has to be submitted to the FDA. This could result in the delay or halt of a
clinical trial while the modification is evaluated. In addition, depending on the quantity and nature of the changes made, the FDA
could take the position that the data generated by the clinical trial is not poolable because the same protocol was not used
throughout the trial. This might require the enrollment of additional subjects, which could result in the extension of the clinical
trial and the FDA delaying clearance or approval of a product. Any such delay could have a material adverse effect on our business
and results of operations. Serious injury or death resulting from a failure of one of our drug candidates during current or future
clinical trials could also result in the FDA delaying our clinical trials or denying or delaying clearance or approval of a
product.

Even
though an adverse event may not be the result of the failure of our drug candidate, the FDA or an IRB could delay or halt a clinical
trial for an indefinite period of time while an adverse event is reviewed, and likely would do so in the event of multiple such events.

Any
delay or termination of our current or future clinical trials as a result of the risks summarized above, including delays in obtaining
or maintaining required approvals from IRBs, delays in patient enrollment, the failure of patients to continue to participate in a clinical
trial, and delays or termination of clinical trials as a result of protocol modifications or adverse events during the trials, may cause
an increase in costs and delays in the filing of any product submissions with the FDA, delay the approval and commercialization of our
products or result in the failure of the clinical trial, which could adversely affect our business, operating results and prospects.

Modifications
to our products may require new NDA approvals.

Once
a particular product receives FDA approval or clearance, expanded uses or uses in new indications of our products may require additional
human clinical trials and new regulatory approvals or clearances, including additional IND and NDA submissions and premarket approvals
before we can begin clinical development, and/or prior to marketing and sales. If the FDA requires new clearances or approvals for a
particular use or indication, we may be required to conduct additional clinical studies, which would require additional expenditures
and harm our operating results. If the products are already being used for these new indications, we may also be subject to significant
enforcement actions. Conducting clinical trials and obtaining clearances and approvals can be a time-consuming process, and delays in
obtaining required future clearances or approvals could adversely affect our ability to introduce new or enhanced products in a timely
manner, which in turn would harm our future growth.

28

We
are subject to a multitude of manufacturing risks, any of which could substantially increase our costs and limit supply of our products.

We
are, and will for the foreseeable future continue to be, wholly dependent on third party CMOs for the timely supply of adequate quantities
of our products which meet or exceed requisite quality and production standards for use in clinical and nonclinical studies. Given the
extensive risks, scope, complexity, cost, regulatory requirements and commitment of resources associated with developing the capabilities
to manufacture one or more of our products, we have no present plan or intention of developing in-house manufacturing capabilities for
nonclinical, clinical or commercial scale production, beyond our current supervision and management of our third-party contract manufacturers.
In addition, in order to balance risk and conserve financial and human resources, we have and may continue from time to time to defer
commitment to production of product, which could result in delays to the continued progress of our clinical and nonclinical testing.

Currently,
we do not have alternative CMOs to back up our primary CMOs. Identification of and discussions with other CMOs may be protracted and/or
unsuccessful, or these new CMOs may be unsuccessful in producing the same results as the current primary CMOs producing the material.
Therefore, if our primary CMOs become unable or unwilling to perform their required activities, we could experience protracted delays
or interruptions in the supply of clinical trial material and, ultimately, product for commercial sale, which would materially and adversely
affect our development programs, commercial activities, operating results and financial condition. In addition, the FDA or regulatory
authorities outside of the United States may require us to have an alternate manufacturer before approving any product candidate for
marketing and sale in the United States or abroad and securing such alternate manufacturer, if possible, could result in considerable
additional time and cost prior to approval.

The
manufacture of pharmaceutical products requires significant expertise and capital investment, including the development of advanced
manufacturing techniques and process controls. Manufacturers of pharmaceutical products often encounter difficulties in production,
particularly in scaling-up initial production. These problems include difficulties with production costs and yields, quality
control, including stability of the product candidate and quality assurance testing and shortages of qualified personnel. Our
product candidates have not been manufactured at the scale we believe will be necessary to maximize their commercial value, and
accordingly, we may encounter difficulties in attempting to scale-up production and may not succeed in that effort on a timely basis
or at all. In addition to the foregoing, the process of manufacturing our products is complex, highly regulated and subject to
several risks, including but not limited to the following:

We,
and our CMOs, must comply with the FDAs cGMP, regulations and guidance. We, and our
CMOs, may encounter difficulties in achieving quality control and quality assurance and may
experience shortages in qualified personnel. We, and our CMOs, are subject to inspections
by the FDA and comparable agencies in other jurisdictions to confirm compliance with applicable
regulatory requirements. Any failure to follow cGMP or other regulatory requirements or any
delay, interruption or other issues that arise in the manufacture, fill-finish, labeling,
packaging, or storage of our products as a result of a failure of our facilities or the facilities
or operations of third parties to comply with regulatory requirements, or a failure to pass
any regulatory authority inspection, could significantly impair our ability to develop and
commercialize our products, including leading to significant delays in the availability of
products for our clinical studies or the termination or hold on a clinical study, or the
delay or prevention of a filing or approval of marketing applications for our product candidates.
Significant noncompliance could also result in the imposition of sanctions, including injunctions,
civil penalties, failure of regulatory authorities to grant marketing approvals for our product
candidates, delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, license revocation, seizures or
recalls of products, operating restrictions, adverse publicity, and criminal prosecutions,
any of which could damage our reputation. If we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance,
we may not be permitted to market our products and/or may be subject to product recalls,
seizures, injunctions, or criminal prosecution. Any adverse developments affecting manufacturing
operations for our products or our CMOs generally, may result in shipment delays, inventory
shortages, lot failures, product withdrawals or recalls, or other interruptions in the supply
of our products. Once our product candidates are approved, we may also have to take inventory
write-offs and incur other charges and expenses for products that fail to meet specifications,
undertake costly remediation efforts or seek more costly manufacturing alternatives.

The
manufacturing facilities in which our products are made could be adversely affected by equipment
failures, plant closures, capacity constraints, competing customer priorities or changes
in corporate strategy or priorities, process changes or failures, changes in business models
or operations, materials or labor shortages, natural disasters, power failures and numerous
other factors.

29

We
are wholly dependent upon CMOs for the timely supply of adequate quantities of requisite
quality product for our nonclinical, clinical and, if approved by regulatory authorities,
commercial scale production.

The
process of manufacturing biologics is extremely susceptible to product loss due to contamination,
equipment failure or improper installation or operation of equipment, or vendor or operator
error. Even minor deviations from normal manufacturing processes could result in reduced
production yields, product defects and other supply disruptions. If microbial, viral or other
contaminations are discovered in our products or in the manufacturing facilities in which
our products are made, such manufacturing facilities may need to be closed for an extended
period of time to investigate and remedy the contamination.

We
rely completely on third parties, most of which are sole source suppliers, to supply drug substance and manufacture drug product for
our clinical trials and preclinical studies and intend to rely on other third parties to produce commercial supplies of product candidates,
and our dependence on third parties could adversely impact our business.

We
are completely dependent on third-party suppliers, most of which are sole source suppliers of the drug substance and drug product for
our product candidates. We regularly evaluate potential alternate sources of supply but there can be no assurance that any such suppliers
would be available, acceptable or successful. The costs of manufacturing our drug candidates are high, and we will require additional
capital to ensure that we can maintain an adequate supply to conduct our contemplated development programs.

If
our third-party suppliers do not supply sufficient quantities for product candidates to us on a timely basis and in accordance with applicable
specifications and other regulatory requirements, there could be a significant interruption of our supplies, which would adversely affect
clinical development of the product candidate, including affecting our ability to enroll in and timely progress clinical trials. Furthermore,
if any of our CMOs cannot successfully manufacture material that conforms to our specifications and with regulatory requirements, we
will not be able to secure and/or maintain regulatory approval for our product candidates.

We
will also rely on our CMOs to purchase from third-party suppliers the materials necessary to produce our product candidates for our anticipated
clinical trials. There are a small number of suppliers for certain capital equipment and raw materials used to manufacture our product
candidates. We do not have any control over the process or timing of the acquisition of these raw materials by our contract manufacturers.
Moreover, we currently do not have agreements in place for the commercial production of these raw materials. Any significant delay in
the supply of a product candidate or the raw material components thereof for an ongoing clinical trial could considerably delay completion
of that clinical trial, product candidate testing, and potential regulatory approval of that product candidate.

We
do not expect to have the resources or capacity to commercially manufacture any of our proposed product candidates if approved and will
likely continue to be dependent on CMOs. Our dependence on third parties to manufacture and supply us with clinical trial materials and
any approved product candidates may adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize our product candidates on a timely basis.

Governments
may impose price controls, which may adversely affect our future profitability.

We
intend to seek approval to market our future product candidates in the United States and potentially in foreign jurisdictions. If we
obtain approval in one or more foreign jurisdictions, we will be subject to rules and regulations in those jurisdictions relating to
our product candidates. In some foreign countries, particularly in the European Union, the pricing of prescription pharmaceuticals
and biologics is subject to governmental control. In these countries, pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take
considerable time after the receipt of marketing approval for a product candidate. If reimbursement of our future products is
unavailable or limited in scope or amount, or if pricing is set at unsatisfactory levels, we may be unable to achieve or sustain
profitability. We face potential product liability exposure and, if successful claims are
brought against us, we may incur substantial liability for a product candidate and may have to limit its
commercialization.

30

The
use of our product candidates in clinical trials and the sale of any product candidates for which we may obtain marketing approval expose
us to the risk of product liability claims. Product liability claims may be brought against us or any future development partners by
participants enrolled in our clinical trials, patients, health care providers, or others using, administering, or selling our product
candidates. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against any such claims, or have insufficient insurance protection, we would incur
substantial liabilities. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, product liability claims may result in:

withdrawal
of clinical trial participants;

termination
of clinical trial sites or entire trial programs;

costs
of related litigation;

substantial
monetary awards to trial participants or other claimants;

decreased
demand for our product candidates and loss of revenue;

impairment
of our business reputation;

diversion
of management and scientific resources from our business operations; and

the
inability to commercialize our product candidates.

In
the future, we anticipate that we will need to obtain additional or increased product liability insurance coverage and we are uncertain
whether such increased or additional insurance coverage can be obtained on commercially reasonable terms, if at all.

We
have obtained limited product liability insurance coverage for our clinical trials domestically and in selected foreign countries where
we are conducting clinical trials. As such, our insurance coverage may not reimburse us or may not be sufficient to reimburse us for
any expenses or losses we may suffer. Moreover, insurance coverage is becoming increasingly expensive and in the future we may not be
able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts to protect us against losses due to product liability.
We intend to expand our insurance coverage for product candidates to include the sale of commercial products if we obtain marketing approval
for our product candidates in development; however, we may be unable to obtain commercially reasonable product liability insurance for
any product candidates approved for marketing. Large judgments have been awarded in class action lawsuits based on drugs that had unanticipated
side effects. A successful product liability claim or series of claims brought against us, particularly if judgments exceed our insurance
coverage, could decrease our working capital and adversely affect our business.

Our
insurance policies are expensive and protect us only from some business risks, which leaves us exposed to significant uninsured liabilities.

We
do not carry insurance for the some of the categories of risk that our business may encounter, although we do intend to obtain customary
insurance coverage. No assurance can be given that we will be able to obtain and/or maintain insurance with adequate levels of coverage.
Any significant, uninsured liability may require us to pay substantial amounts, which would adversely affect our working capital and
results of operations.

Conducting
successful clinical studies may require the enrollment of large numbers of patients, and suitable patients may be difficult to identify
and recruit.

We
may not be able to commence or continue clinical trials for our product candidates if we are unable to locate and enroll a sufficient
number of eligible patients to participate in these trials as required by the FDA or similar regulatory authorities outside the United
States. Patient enrollment in clinical trials and completion of patient participation and follow-up depends on many factors, including
the size of the patient population; the nature of the trial protocol; the attractiveness of, or the discomforts and risks associated
with, the treatments received by enrolled subjects; the availability of appropriate clinical trial investigators; support staff; and
proximity of patients to clinical sites and ability to comply with the eligibility and exclusion criteria for participation in the clinical
trial and patient compliance. For example, patients may be discouraged from enrolling in our clinical trials if the trial protocol requires
them to undergo extensive post-treatment procedures or follow-up to assess the safety and effectiveness of our products or if they determine
that the treatments received under the trial protocols are not attractive or involve unacceptable risks or discomforts. Patients may
also not participate in our clinical trials if they choose to participate in contemporaneous clinical trials of competitive products
that treat the same indications.

31

We
currently rely significantly on third parties to conduct our nonclinical testing and clinical studies and other aspects of our development
programs. If those third parties do not perform as contractually required or expected, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval
for or commercialize our products.

We
do not have the ability to independently conduct our pre-clinical and clinical trials for our products and we must rely on third parties,
such as contract research organizations, medical institutions, clinical investigators and contract laboratories and others to assist
in the design and conduct of non-clinical and clinical studies of our product candidates, with interpretation of the results of those
studies and with regulatory activities and expect to continue to outsource all or a significant amount of such activities. As a result,
many important aspects of our development programs are and will continue to be outside our direct control and our third parties may not
perform their activities as required or expected, including the maintenance of Good Laboratory Practices or Good Clinical Practices compliance,
which are ultimately our responsibility to ensure. Further, such third parties may not be as committed to the success of our programs
as our own employees and, therefore, may not devote the same time, thoughtfulness or creativity to completing projects or problem-solving
as our own employees would. To the extent we are unable to successfully manage the performance of our third parties, our business may
be adversely affected. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or regulatory obligations, meet
expected deadlines or need to be replaced, or if the quality or accuracy of the data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to
adhere to our clinical protocols or regulatory requirements or for other reasons, our pre-clinical development activities or clinical
trials may be extended, delayed, suspended or terminated, and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for, or successfully commercialize,
our products on a timely basis, if at all. Furthermore, our third-party clinical trial investigators may be delayed in conducting our
clinical trials for reasons outside of their control. The occurrence of any of the foregoing may adversely affect our business, operating
results and prospects.

The
results of our current or future clinical trials may not support our product candidate claims or may result in the discovery of unexpected
adverse side effects.

Even
if our clinical trials are completed as planned, we cannot be certain that their results will support our drug candidate claims or that
the FDA or foreign authorities will agree with our conclusions regarding them. Success in pre-clinical studies and early clinical trials
does not ensure that later clinical trials will be successful, and we cannot be sure that the later trials will replicate the results
of prior trials and pre-clinical studies. The clinical trial process may fail to demonstrate that our drug candidates are safe and effective
for the proposed indicated uses. If the FDA concludes that the clinical trials for our product candidates, or any other product for which
we might seek clearance, has failed to demonstrate safety and effectiveness, we will not receive FDA clearance to market that product
in the United States for the indications sought.

In
addition, such an outcome could cause us to abandon the product candidate and might delay development of others. Any delay or termination
of our clinical trials will delay the filing of any product submissions with the FDA and, ultimately, our ability to commercialize our
product candidates and generate revenues. It is also possible that patients enrolled in clinical trials will experience adverse side
effects that are not currently part of the product candidates profile. In addition, our clinical trials for our product candidates
may involve a relatively small patient population in some cases. Because of the small sample size, our results may not be indicative
of future results.

Even
if approved, our product candidates and future products may never achieve market acceptance.

Even
if approved, our product candidates and future products that we may develop may never gain market acceptance among physicians, patients,
third-party payers and the medical community. The degree of market acceptance of any of our products will depend on a number of factors,
including the actual and perceived effectiveness and reliability of our products; the results of any long-term clinical trials relating
to use of our products; our ability to convert patients from our clinical trials into users of our commercial products, once approved;
the availability, relative cost and perceived advantages and disadvantages of alternative technologies; the degree to which treatments
using our products are approved for reimbursement by public and private insurers; the willingness of patients to pay out of pocket in
the absence of government or third-party coverage; the strength of our marketing and distribution infrastructure; the level of education
and awareness among physicians and hospitals concerning our products; and prevalence and severity of any side effects. In addition, our
efforts to educate the medical community and third-party payers regarding the benefits of our products may require significant resources
and may never be successful. If approved, the failure of our product candidates resulting from the BRiTE platform or any of our other
products to significantly penetrate current or new markets would negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.

32

To
be commercially successful, physicians must be persuaded that using our products for treatment of cancer, infectious diseases and other
diseases are effective alternatives to existing therapies and treatments.

We
believe that physicians will not widely adopt our products unless they determine, based on experience, clinical data, and published peer-reviewed
journal articles, that the use of our products provides an effective alternative to other means of treating our target indications or
any other disease that our products are approved to treat. Patient studies or clinical experience may indicate that treatment with our
products does not provide patients with sufficient benefits in quality of life. We believe that recommendations and support for the use
of our products from influential physicians will be essential for widespread market acceptance. Our products are still in the preclinical
development stage and it is premature to attempt to gain support from physicians at this time. We can provide no assurance that such
support will ever be obtained. If our products do not receive such support from these physicians and from long-term data, physicians
may not use or continue to use, and hospitals may not purchase or continue to purchase, our products.

Even
if our products are approved by regulatory authorities, if we, our CMOs or our suppliers fail to comply with ongoing FDA regulation or
if we experience unanticipated problems with our products, these products could be subject to restrictions or withdrawal from the market.

Any
product for which we obtain clearance or approval, and the manufacturing processes, reporting requirements, post-approval clinical data
and promotional activities for such product, will be subject to continued regulatory review, oversight and periodic inspections by the
FDA. In particular, we, our CMOs and our suppliers are required to comply with the FDAs cGMP regulations for the manufacture of
our products and other regulations which cover the methods and documentation of the design, testing, production, control, quality assurance,
labeling, packaging, storage and shipping of any product for which we obtain clearance or approval. Regulatory bodies, such as the FDA,
enforce these regulations through periodic inspections. The failure by us, our CMOs or one of our suppliers to comply with applicable
statutes and regulations administered by the FDA and other regulatory bodies, or the failure to timely and adequately respond to any
adverse inspectional observations or product safety issues, could result in, among other things, enforcement actions by the FDA.

If
any of these actions were to occur it would harm our reputation and cause our product sales and profitability to suffer and may prevent
us from generating revenue. Furthermore, our key component suppliers may not currently be or may not continue to be in compliance with
all applicable regulatory requirements, which could result in our failure to produce our products on a timely basis and in the required
quantities, if at all.

Even
if regulatory clearance or approval of a product is granted, such clearance or approval may be subject to limitations on the intended
uses for which the product may be marketed and reduce the potential to successfully commercialize the product and generate revenue from
the product. If the FDA determines that the product promotional materials, labeling, training or other marketing or educational activities
constitute promotion of an unapproved use, it could request that we or our commercialization partners cease or modify our training or
promotional materials or subject us to regulatory enforcement actions. It is also possible that other federal, state or foreign enforcement
authorities might take action if they consider such training or other promotional materials to constitute promotion of an unapproved
use, which could result in significant fines or penalties under other statutory authorities, such as laws prohibiting false claims for
reimbursement.

In
addition, we may be required to conduct costly post-market testing and surveillance to monitor the safety or effectiveness of our products,
and we must comply with adverse event and pharmacovigilance reporting requirements, including the reporting of adverse events which occur
in connection with, and whether or not directly related to, our products. For example, the FDA may approve the NDA with a REMS plan to
mitigate risks, which could include medication guides, physician communication plans, or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted
distribution methods, patient registries, and other risk minimization tools. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with our
products, including unanticipated adverse events or adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, manufacturing problems, or
failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in changes to labeling, restrictions on such products or manufacturing processes,
withdrawal of the products from the market, voluntary or mandatory recalls, a requirement to recall, replace or refund the cost of any
product we manufacture or distribute, fines, suspension of regulatory approvals, product seizures, injunctions or the imposition of civil
or criminal penalties which would adversely affect our business, operating results and prospects.

33

Our
revenue stream will depend upon third-party reimbursement.

The
commercial success of our products in both domestic and international markets will be substantially dependent on whether third-party
coverage and reimbursement is available for patients that use our products. However, the availability of insurance coverage and reimbursement
for newly approved therapies is uncertain, and therefore, third-party coverage may be particularly difficult to obtain even if our products
are approved by the FDA as safe and efficacious. Patients using existing approved therapies are generally reimbursed all or part of the
product cost by Medicare or other third-party payors. Medicare, Medicaid, health maintenance organizations and other third-party payors
are increasingly challenging the prices and examining the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of medical products and services,
in addition to their safety and efficacy, and increasingly attempting to contain healthcare costs by limiting both coverage and the level
of reimbursement of new drugs, and, as a result, they may not cover or provide adequate payment for these products.

Significant
uncertainty exists as to the reimbursement status for newly approved drug products, including coding, coverage and payment. There is
no uniform policy requirement for coverage and reimbursement for drug products among third-party payers in the United States; therefore
coverage and reimbursement for drug products can differ significantly from payer to payer. The coverage determination process is often
a time-consuming and costly process that will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each
payer separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate payment will be applied consistently or obtained. The process for determining
whether a payer will cover and how much it will reimburse a product may be separate from the process of seeking approval of the product
or for setting the price of the product. Even if reimbursement is provided, market acceptance of our products may be adversely affected
if the amount of payment for our products proves to be unprofitable for healthcare providers or less profitable than alternative treatments
or if administrative burdens make our products less desirable to use. Third-party payer reimbursement to providers of our products, if
approved, may be subject to a bundled payment that also includes the procedure of administering our products or third-party payers may
require providers to perform additional patient testing to justify the use of our products. To the extent there is no separate payment
for our products, there may be further uncertainty as to the adequacy of reimbursement amounts.

The
containment of healthcare costs is a priority of federal, state and foreign governments and the prices of drug products have been a focus
in this effort. The continuing efforts of government, private insurance companies and other organizations to contain or reduce costs
of healthcare may adversely affect our ability to set as high a price for our products as we might otherwise and the rate and scope of
adoption of our products by healthcare providers. We expect that federal, state and local governments in the United States, as well as
governments in other countries, will continue to consider legislation directed at lowering the total cost of healthcare. In addition,
in certain foreign markets, the pricing of drug products is subject to government control and reimbursement may in some cases be unavailable
or insufficient. It is uncertain whether and how future legislation, whether domestic or abroad, could affect prospects for our product
candidates or what actions governmental or private payers for healthcare treatment and services may take in response to any such healthcare
reform proposals or legislation. Adoption of price controls and cost-containment measures, and adoption of more restrictive policies
in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, may prevent or limit our ability to generate revenue, attain profitability or commercialize
our product candidates.

These
potential courses of action are unpredictable and the potential impact of new legislation on our operations and financial position is
uncertain, but may result in more rigorous coverage criteria, lower reimbursement and additional downward pressure on the price we may
receive for an approved product. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government-funded programs may result in a similar
reduction in payments from private payers. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us
from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability or commercialize our products, if approved.

34

We
currently have no sales and marketing organization. If a product candidate is approved and we are unable to establish satisfactory sales
and marketing capabilities and/or secure a sales and marketing partner, we may not successfully commercialize our approved product candidates.

We
do not have experience in selling or marketing. To commercialize our products, if approved, in the United States and other jurisdictions
in which we may seek approvals, we must build our marketing, sales, managerial and other non-technical capabilities or make arrangements
with third parties to perform these services and we may not be successful in doing so. Despite the experience of individual members of
management, we have limited experience as a company in the marketing and sale of pharmaceutical products and there are significant risks
involved in building and managing a sales organization, including our ability to hire, retain and incentivize qualified individuals,
generate sufficient sales leads, provide adequate training to sales and marketing personnel and effectively manage a geographically dispersed
sales and marketing team.

In
addition, we may not be able to enter into collaboration agreements with sales and marketing partners on terms acceptable to us or at
all. In addition, even if we enter into such relationships, we may have limited or no control over the sales, marketing and distribution
activities of these third parties. Our future revenues may depend heavily on the success of the efforts of these third parties. If we
elect to establish a sales and marketing infrastructure, we may not realize a positive return on this investment. In addition, we will
have to compete with established and well-funded pharmaceutical and biotech companies to recruit, hire, train and retain sales and marketing
personnel. Factors that may inhibit our efforts to commercialize product candidates without strategic partners or licensees include:

our
inability to recruit and retain adequate numbers of effective sales and marketing personnel;

the
inability of sales personnel to obtain access to or persuade adequate numbers of physicians
to use our products;

the
lack of complementary products to be offered by sales personnel, which may put us at a competitive
disadvantage relative to companies with more extensive product lines; and

unforeseen
costs and expenses associated with creating an independent sales and marketing organization.

We
will rely on the availability of specific off-the-shelf components.

We
intend to use in part, off-the-shelf components in our product candidates. We may also rely on additional off- the-shelf components for
our product candidates or other products. If the supply of any specific off-the-shelf components for our products is terminated due to
(i) failure to obtain regulatory approval for the use of such off- the-shelf component, (ii) market demand or (iii) by choice of the
manufacturer, then our clinical trials, production, and ultimately, revenue, could be negatively impacted. In addition, our resources
would need to be diverted to locate a replacement component, which must then be rigorously tested and qualified. If we fail to have the
ability to seamlessly switch from a non-available component to a replacement, then our business, financial condition and results of operations
would be materially harmed.

We
may have conflicts with our partners that could delay or prevent the development or commercialization of our product candidates.

We
may have conflicts with our partners, such as conflicts concerning the interpretation of preclinical or clinical data, the achievement
of milestones, the interpretation of contractual obligations, payments for services, development obligations or the ownership of intellectual
property developed during our collaboration. If any conflicts arise with any of our partners, such partner may act in a manner that is
adverse to our best interests. Any such disagreement could result in one or more of the following, each of which could delay or prevent
the development or commercialization of our product candidates, and in turn prevent us from generating revenues: unwillingness on the
part of a partner to pay us milestone payments or royalties we believe are due to us under a collaboration; uncertainty regarding ownership
of intellectual property rights arising from our collaborative activities, which could prevent us from entering into additional collaborations;
unwillingness by the partner to cooperate in the development or manufacture of the product, including providing us with product data
or materials; unwillingness on the part of a partner to keep us informed regarding the progress of its development and commercialization
activities or to permit public disclosure of the results of those activities; initiating of litigation or alternative dispute resolution
options by either party to resolve the dispute; and attempts by either party to terminate the agreement.

35

If
we market any of our products in a manner that violates healthcare fraud and abuse laws, or if we violate government price reporting
laws, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties and significant civil liability.

The
FDA and other government authorities enforce laws and regulations that require that the promotion of pharmaceutical products be consistent
with the approved prescribing information. While physicians may prescribe an approved product for a so-called off-label
use, it is unlawful for a pharmaceutical company to promote its products in a manner that is inconsistent with its approved label and
any company which engages in such conduct may be subject to significant liability. Similarly, industry codes in the European Union and
other foreign jurisdictions prohibit companies from engaging in off-label promotion and regulatory agencies in various countries enforce
violations of the code with civil penalties. While we intend to ensure that our promotional materials are consistent with our label,
regulatory agencies may disagree with our assessment and may issue untitled letters, warning letters or may institute other civil or
criminal enforcement proceedings. In addition to FDA restrictions on marketing of pharmaceutical products, several other types of state
and federal healthcare fraud and abuse laws have been applied in recent years to restrict certain marketing practices in the pharmaceutical
industry. These laws include the U.S. Federal Healthcare Program Anti-Kickback Statute, U.S. False Claims Act and similar state laws.
Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the safe harbors, it is possible that some of our business activities could
be subject to challenge under one or more of these laws.

The
U.S. Federal Healthcare Program Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting
or receiving remuneration to induce, or in return for, purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for the purchase, lease or order of
any healthcare item or service reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid or other federally financed healthcare programs. This statute has
been interpreted broadly to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers on the one hand and prescribers, purchasers and
formulary managers on the other. Although there are several statutory exemptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting certain common
activities from prosecution, the exemptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly, and practices that involve remuneration intended to
induce prescribing, purchasing or recommending may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exemption or safe harbor. Our
practices may not, in all cases, meet all of the criteria for safe harbor protection from anti-kickback liability. Moreover, recent health
care reform legislation has strengthened these laws. For example, the Affordable Care Act, among other things, amends the intent requirement
of the U.S. Federal Healthcare Program Anti-Kickback Statute and criminal health care fraud statutes; a person or entity no longer needs
to have actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent to violate it. In addition, the Affordable Care Act provides that the government
may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the U.S. Federal Healthcare Program Anti-Kickback Statute
constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the U.S. False Claims Act. Federal false claims laws, including the U.S. False
Claims Act, impose criminal and civil penalties, including through civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, against individuals or entities
for knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the federal government, claims for payment that are false or fraudulent or making
a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government.

Over
the past few years, pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies have been prosecuted under these laws for a variety of alleged promotional
and marketing activities, such as: allegedly providing free trips, free goods, sham consulting fees and grants and other monetary benefits
to prescribers; reporting to pricing services inflated average wholesale prices that were then used by federal programs to set reimbursement
rates; engaging in off-label promotion that caused claims to be submitted to Medicare or Medicaid for non-covered, off-label uses; using
a charity as an illegal conduit to cover the copays of Medicare patients; and submitting inflated best price information to the Medicaid
Drug Rebate Program to reduce liability for Medicaid rebates.

Other
restrictions under applicable United States federal and state healthcare laws and regulations may include the following:

the
federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, imposes criminal
and civil liability for, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing or attempting
to execute a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making false statements
relating to healthcare matters;

36

HIPAA,
as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health, or HITECH
Act, and its implementing regulations, also imposes obligations, including mandatory contractual
terms, on certain types of people and entities with respect to safeguarding the privacy,
security and transmission of individually identifiable health information;

federal
transparency laws, including the PSA created under Section 6002 of the Affordable Care Act
and its implementing regulations. The PSA requires manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics
and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Childrens
Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report annually to the Centers for
Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, information related to payments or other transfers
of value made to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists
and chiropractors) and teaching hospitals, and requires applicable manufacturers and applicable
group purchasing organizations to report annually to CMS ownership and investment interests
held by physicians (as defined above) and their immediate family members; and

analogous
state and foreign laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws,
may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services
reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers.

Some
state laws require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industrys voluntary compliance guidelines and the
relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government and may require drug manufacturers to report information related to
payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures. State and foreign laws
also govern the privacy and security of health information in some circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant
ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts.

Our
products will face significant competition in the markets for such products, and if they are unable to compete successfully, our business
will suffer.

Our
product candidates face, and will continue to face, intense competition from large pharmaceutical companies, as well as academic and
research institutions. We compete in an industry that is characterized by: (i) rapid technological change, (ii) evolving industry standards,
(iii) emerging competition and (iv) new product introductions. Our competitors have existing products and technologies that will compete
with our products and technologies and may develop and commercialize additional products and technologies that will compete with our
products and technologies. Because several competing companies and institutions have greater financial resources than us, they may be
able to: (i) provide broader services and product lines, (ii) make greater investments in research and development and (iii) carry on
larger research and development initiatives. Our competitors also have greater development capabilities than we do and have substantially
greater experience in undertaking preclinical and clinical testing of products, obtaining regulatory approvals, and manufacturing and
marketing pharmaceutical products. They also have greater name recognition and better access to customers than us.

Numerous
treatments are already established that will compete with our planned commercial therapies, and others are under development. Our
competitors may introduce new products that render all or some of our technologies and products obsolete or noncompetitive. In
addition, we may not compete successfully against generic competitors. Legislation such as the 21st Century Cures Act, which was
enacted in December 2016 and designed to encourage innovation and bring pharmaceutical products to market more quickly, may enable
our competitors to bring competing products to market on an expedited basis. In addition, alternative approaches to treating chronic
diseases, such as gene therapy, cell therapy or transplantation technologies, may make our products obsolete or
noncompetitive.

After
approval, if obtained, our products will remain subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and continued regulatory review, which may
result in significant additional risk and expense, including the FDA withdrawing or modifying approval for our products and product recalls
that could harm our reputation, business and financial results.

Drug
products remain subject to FDA jurisdiction after they have been approved. Even if we obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates
or other products, the FDA may impose significant restrictions on its indicated uses or marketing or the conditions of approval, or impose
ongoing requirements for potentially costly and time- consuming post-approval trials, including Phase 4 clinical trials, and post-market
surveillance to monitor safety and efficacy. Our product candidates, if approved, will be subject to ongoing regulatory requirements
governing the manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, distribution, safety surveillance, advertising, promotion, sampling, recordkeeping
and reporting of adverse events and other post-market information. These requirements include registration with the FDA and continued
compliance with cGMPs, and current Good Clinical Practices requirements, for any clinical trials that we conduct post approval.

37

In
addition, once a product receives FDA approval, products may be subject to recall for various reasons, including adverse effects, impurities
or other product contamination, manufacturing errors, design or labeling defects or other deficiencies and issues. Recalls of any of
our products would divert managerial and financial resources and have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
A future recall announcement could harm our reputation with customers and negatively affect our sales. In addition, the FDA could take
enforcement action for failing to report the recalls when they were conducted.

We
may be adversely affected by a failure or compromise from a cyberattack or data breach, which could have an adverse effect on our business.

Companies
are subject to a wide variety of cybersecurity attacks on their information technology systems, which we use to maintain proprietary
and confidential information. We, our key business partners and third-party suppliers rely on information technology (IT)
systems to perform business operations, including processing, transmitting and storing electronic information, and interacting with customers,
suppliers, healthcare payers, and other third parties. Like other companies in the biopharmaceutical fields, the size and complexity
of our IT systems will make them vulnerable to a cyber-attack, malicious intrusion, breakdown, destruction, loss of data privacy, or
other significant disruption. Our IT systems will require an ongoing commitment to maintain, protect, and enhance existing systems and
develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving systems and regulatory standards,
the increasing need to protect patient and customer information, and changing customer patterns.

Any
failure by us to maintain or protect our information technology systems and data integrity related to our products, including from cyber-attacks,
intrusions or other breaches, could result in the unauthorized access to patient data and personally identifiable information, theft
of intellectual property or other misappropriation of assets, or otherwise compromise the health of patients using our products, our
confidential or proprietary information and disrupt our operations.

In
the United States, federal and state privacy and security laws require certain of our operations to protect the confidentiality of personal
information including patient medical records and other health information. In Europe, the Data Protection Directive will require us
to manage individually identifiable information in the European Union and, the new General Data Protection Regulation may impose fines
of up to 4% of our global revenue in the event of violations. Internationally, some countries have also passed laws that require individually
identifiable data on their citizens to be maintained on local servers and that may restrict transfer or processing of that data. We believe
that we will meet the expectations of applicable regulations and that the ongoing costs of compliance with such rules will not be material
to our business. However, there is no guarantee that we will be able to comply with these regulations, or otherwise avoid the negative
reputational and other affects that might ensue from a significant data breach or failure to comply with applicable data privacy regulations,
each of which could have significant adverse effects on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

We
may undertake international operations, which will subject us to risks inherent with operations outside of the United States.

We
intend to seek to obtain market clearances in foreign markets that we deem to generate significant opportunities. However, even with
the cooperation of a commercialization partner, conducting drug development in foreign countries involves inherent risks, including,
but not limited to: difficulties in staffing, funding and managing foreign operations; unexpected changes in regulatory requirements;
export restrictions; tariffs and other trade barriers; difficulties in protecting, acquiring, enforcing and litigating intellectual property
rights; fluctuations in currency exchange rates; and potentially adverse tax consequences.

38

If
we were to experience any of the difficulties listed above, or any other difficulties, any international development activities and our
overall financial condition may suffer and cause us to reduce or discontinue our international development and registration efforts.

We
may not be successful in hiring and retaining key employees.

Our
future operations and successes depend in large part upon the continued service of Michael J. Roberts, our President and Chief Executive
Officer, and Simon C. Pedder, our Executive Chairman. If these executives terminate their employment with us, such a departure may have
a material adverse effect on our business.

Our
future success also depends on our ability to identify and recruit prospective executives with proven experience in the biopharmaceutical
industry, specifically candidates who have managed and completed FDA-required submissions and clinical trials concerning new products;
however, there can be no assurance that such personnel will be available to us or, that once engaged, will be retained by us. Our management
team has expertise in many different aspects of drug development and commercialization. However, we will need to hire additional personnel
as we further develop the BRiTE platform and product candidates.

Competition
for skilled personnel in our market is intense and competition for experienced scientists may limit our ability to hire and retain highly
qualified personnel on acceptable terms. Despite our efforts to retain valuable employees, members of our management, scientific and
medical teams may terminate their employment with us on short notice. The loss of the services of any of our executive officers or other
key employees could potentially harm our business, operating results or financial condition. In particular, we believe that the loss
of the services of these or other personnel, would have a material adverse effect on our business. Our success also depends on our ability
to continue to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled junior, mid-level, and senior managers as well as junior, mid-level, and senior
scientific and medical personnel. Other biopharmaceutical companies with which we compete for qualified personnel have greater financial
and other resources, different risk profiles, and a longer operating history in the industry than we do. They also may provide more diverse
opportunities and better chances for career advancement. Some of these characteristics may be more appealing to high-quality candidates
than what we have to offer. If we are unable to establish, attract and retain high-quality personnel, the rate and success at which we
can develop and commercialize product candidates would be limited and would have a material adverse effect on our business and results
of operations.

In
addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and related rules implemented by the SEC impose certain requirements on the corporate governance practices
of public companies. As a public company, we expect these new rules and regulations to increase our compliance costs in 2025 and beyond
and to make certain activities more time consuming and costly. As a public company, we also expect that these rules and regulations may
make it more difficult and expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance in the future and we may be required to
accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it
may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors or as executive officers.

Managing
our growth as we expand operations may strain our resources.

We
intend to grow rapidly in order to support additional, larger, and potentially international, pivotal clinical trials of our drug candidates,
which will place a significant strain on our financial, managerial and operational resources. In order to achieve and manage growth effectively,
we must continue to improve and expand our operational and financial management capabilities. Moreover, we will need to increase staffing
and to train, motivate and manage our employees. All of these activities will increase our expenses and may require us to raise additional
capital sooner than expected. Failure to manage growth effectively could harm our business, financial condition or results of operations.

39

Risks
Related to Our Intellectual Property

We
could lose our license rights to our important intellectual property if we do not fulfill our contractual obligations to our current
and future licensors.

Our
rights to significant parts of the technology we use in our product candidates are licensed from a third party and are subject to termination
if we do not fulfill our contractual obligations to our licensor. Termination of intellectual property rights under our current and future
license agreements could adversely impact our ability to produce or protect our products or candidates. Our obligations under our current
and future license agreements may include requirements that we make milestone payments to our licensors upon the achievement of clinical
development and regulatory approval milestones, royalties as we sell commercial products, and reimbursement of patent filing and maintenance
expenses. Should we become bankrupt or otherwise unable to fulfill our contractual obligations, our licensors could terminate our rights
to critical technology that we rely upon.

Our
ability to protect and enforce any patents we may obtain does not guaranty that we will secure the right to commercialize such patents.

A
patent is a limited monopoly right conferred upon an inventor, and his or her successors in title, in return for the making and disclosing
of a new and non-obvious invention. This monopoly is of limited duration but, while in force, allows the patent holder to prevent others
from making and/or using his or her invention. While a patent gives the holder this right to exclude others, it is not a license to commercialize
the invention, where other permissions may be required for permissible commercialization to occur. For example, a drug cannot be marketed
without the appropriate authorization from the FDA, regardless of the existence of a patent covering the product. Further, the invention,
even if patented itself, cannot be commercialized if it infringes the valid patent rights of another party.

If
we fail to adequately protect or enforce our intellectual property rights or secure rights to patents of others, the value of our intellectual
property rights would diminish, and our business and competitive position would suffer.

Our
success, competitive position and future revenues will depend in part on our ability and the abilities of our licensor to obtain and
maintain patent protection for our products, methods, processes and other technologies, to preserve our trade secrets, to prevent third
parties from infringing on our proprietary rights and to operate without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. We plan
to have an active patent protection program that includes filing patent applications on new products or candidates, formulations, delivery
systems and methods of making and using products or candidates and prosecuting these patent applications in the United States and abroad.
As patents issue, we also file continuation and provisional applications as appropriate. Although we have taken steps to build what we
believe to be a strong patent portfolio, we cannot predict:

the
degree and range of protection any patents will afford us against competitors, including
whether third parties are able to invalidate or circumvent our licensed patents;

if
and when patents will issue in the United States or any other country;

whether
or not others will obtain patents claiming aspects similar to those covered by our licensed
patents and patent applications;

whether
we will need to initiate litigation or administrative proceedings to protect our intellectual
property rights, which may be costly whether we win or lose;

whether
any of the patents we have licensed or may own or license in the future will be challenged
by our competitors alleging invalidity or unenforceability and, if opposed or litigated,
the outcome of any administrative or court action as to patent validity, enforceability or
scope;

whether
a competitor will develop similar products that are outside the scope of protection afforded
by our licensed patents, for example, due to interpretation of claim scope by a court;

whether
there were activities previously undertaken by our partners that could limit the scope, validity
or enforceability of licensed patents and intellectual property; or

whether
a competitor will assert infringement of its patents or intellectual property, whether or
not meritorious, and what the outcome of any related litigation or challenge may be.

Our
success also depends upon the skills, knowledge and experience of our scientific and technical personnel, our consultants and advisors
as well as our licensor and contractors. To help protect our proprietary know-how and our inventions for which patents may be unobtainable
or difficult to obtain, we intend to rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements. To this end, we require all employees,
consultants and directors to enter into agreements that prohibit the disclosure of confidential information and, where applicable, require
disclosure and assignment to us of the ideas, developments, discoveries and inventions important to our business. These agreements may
not provide adequate protection for our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information in the event of any unauthorized use
or disclosure or the lawful development by others of such information. If any of our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information
is disclosed, the value of our trade secrets, know- how and other proprietary rights would be significantly impaired, and our business
and competitive position would suffer.

40

Due
to legal and factual uncertainties regarding the scope and protection afforded by patents and other proprietary rights, we may not have
meaningful protection from competition.

Our
long-term success will substantially depend upon our ability to protect our proprietary technologies from infringement, misappropriation,
discovery and duplication and avoid infringing the proprietary rights of others. Our licensed patent rights, like the patent rights of
biopharmaceutical companies in general, are highly uncertain and include complex legal and factual issues. These uncertainties also mean
that any patents that we may obtain or license in the future could be subject to challenge, and even if not challenged, may not provide
us with meaningful protection from competition. Our licensed patents and pending applications may become subject to dispute, and those
disputes could be resolved against us.

Any
inability to protect intellectual property rights in the United States and foreign countries could limit our ability to manufacture or
sell products.

We
will rely on patent protection, in some cases trade secrets, unpatented proprietary know-how, and continuing technological innovation
to preserve our competitive position. Our patents and licensed patent rights may be challenged, invalidated, infringed or circumvented,
and the rights granted in those patents may not provide proprietary protection or competitive advantages to us. We and our licensor may
not be able to develop patentable products with acceptable patent protection. Even if patent claims are allowed, the claims may not issue,
or in the event of issuance, may not be sufficient to protect the technology owned by or licensed to us. If patents containing competitive
or conflicting claims are issued to third parties, we may be prevented from commercializing the products covered by such patents, or
may be required to obtain or develop alternate technology. In addition, other parties may duplicate, design around or independently develop
similar or alternative technologies.

We
may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing or using our intellectual property, and the parties from whom we may license
intellectual property may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing or using the licensed intellectual property. We plan to
control and limit access to, and the distribution of, our product documentation and other proprietary information. Despite efforts to
protect this proprietary information, unauthorized parties may obtain and use information that we may regard as proprietary. Other parties
may independently develop similar know-how or may even obtain access to these technologies.

The
laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary information to the same extent as the laws of the United States, and many companies
have encountered significant problems and costs in protecting their proprietary information in these foreign countries.

Neither
the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office nor the courts have established a consistent policy regarding the breadth of claims allowed in pharmaceutical
and biotechnology patents. The allowance of broader claims may increase the incidence and cost of patent administrative proceedings and
the risk of infringement litigation. On the other hand, the allowance of narrower claims may limit the value of our proprietary rights.

If
some or all of our licensed patents expire or are invalidated or are found to be unenforceable, or if some or all of our licensed patent
applications do not result in issued patents or result in patents with narrow, overbroad, or unenforceable claims, or claims that are
invalidated for, for example not being supported in regard to written description or enablement by the specification, or if we are prevented
from asserting that the claims of an issued patent cover a product of a third party or its use, we may be subject to competition from
third parties with products in the same class of products as our product candidates or products with the same product platform as our
product candidates, including in those jurisdictions in which we have no patent protection.

Our
commercial success will depend in part on obtaining and maintaining patent and trade secret protection for our product candidates, as
well as the methods for using these product candidates, and the methods for producing our product candidates. We will be able to protect
our product candidates and the methods for using these product candidates from unauthorized use by third parties only to the extent that
we or our exclusive licensor owns or controls such valid and enforceable patents or trade secrets.

41

Even
if our product candidates and the methods for using these product candidates are covered by valid and enforceable patents and have claims
with sufficient scope, disclosure and support in the specification, the patents will provide protection only for a limited amount of
time. Our and any licensors abilities to obtain patents can be highly uncertain and involve complex and in some cases unsettled
legal issues and factual questions. Furthermore, different countries have different procedures for obtaining patents, and patents issued
in different countries provide different degrees of protection against the use of a patented invention by others. Therefore, if a patent
covers an invention issues in a given country and no patents covering the same invention issued in other countries, or if any judicial
interpretation of the validity, enforceability, or scope of the claims in, or the utility, written description or enablement in, a patent
issued in one country is not similar to the interpretation given to the corresponding patent issued in another country, our ability to
protect our intellectual property in those countries may be limited. Changes in either patent laws or in interpretations of patent laws
in the United States and other countries may materially diminish the value of our intellectual property or narrow the scope of our patent
protection.

We
may be subject to competition from third parties with products in the same class of products as our product candidates, or products with
the same product platform as our product candidates in those jurisdictions in which we have no patent protection. Even if patents are
issued to us or any licensor regarding our product candidates or methods of using and making them, those patents can be challenged by
our competitors as invalid or unenforceable on a variety of grounds, including lack of sufficient written description or enablement,
lack of utility, lack of novelty and inventiveness, or that the claims of the issued patents should be limited or narrowly construed.
Patents also will not protect our product candidates if competitors devise ways of making or using these products without legally infringing
our patents. The current United States regulatory environment may have the effect of encouraging companies to challenge branded drug
patents or to create non-infringing versions of a patented product in order to facilitate the approval of abbreviated new drug applications
for generic substitutes. These same types of incentives encourage competitors to submit new drug applications that rely on literature
and clinical data not prepared for or by the drug sponsor, providing another less burdensome pathway to approval.

We
rely on confidentiality agreements to protect our trade secrets. If these agreements are breached by our employees or other parties,
our trade secrets may become known to our competitors.

We
rely on trade secrets that we seek to protect through confidentiality agreements with our employees and other parties. If these agreements
are breached, our competitors may obtain and use our trade secrets to gain a competitive advantage over us. We may not have any remedies
against our competitors and any remedies that may be available to us may not be adequate to protect our business or compensate us for
the damaging disclosure. In addition, we may have to expend significant resources to protect our interests from possible infringement
by others.

If
we or our third-party suppliers are found to be infringing on patents or trade secrets owned by others, we may be forced to cease or
alter our product development efforts, obtain a license to continue the development or sale of our products, and/or pay damages.

As
the pharmaceutical industry expands and more patents are issued, the risk increases that our or our third-party suppliers processes
and potential products may give rise to claims that they infringe the patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, or other intellectual
property rights of others. Although we have reviewed certain third- party patents and patent filings that we believe may be relevant
to our therapeutic candidates or products, we have not conducted any freedom-to-operate search or analysis for our therapeutic candidates
or products, and we may not be aware of patents or pending or future patent applications that, if issued, would block us from commercializing
our therapeutic candidates or products. Thus, we cannot guarantee that our therapeutic candidates or products, or our commercialization
thereof, do not and will not infringe any third partys intellectual property. We may, from time to time, be notified of claims
that we or our third party suppliers are infringing upon patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets or other intellectual property
rights owned by third parties, including potential competitors, and we cannot provide assurances that other companies will not, in the
future, pursue such infringement claims against us or any third-party proprietary technologies we have licensed. If we or our third party
suppliers were found to infringe upon a patent or other intellectual property right, or if we failed to obtain or renew a license under
a patent or other intellectual property right from a third party, or if a third party that we were licensing technologies from was found
to infringe upon a patent or other intellectual property rights of another third party, we may be required to pay damages. These other
persons could also bring legal actions against us, or our third-party suppliers, claiming damages and seeking to enjoin clinical testing,
manufacturing and marketing of the affected product or process. If any of these actions are successful, in addition to any potential
liability for damages, we could be required to obtain a license in order to continue to conduct clinical tests, manufacture or market
the affected product or use the affected process. Required licenses may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all, and the results
of litigation are uncertain. If we become involved in litigation or other proceedings, it could consume a substantial portion of our
financial resources and the efforts of our personnel. If our suppliers become involved in litigation or other proceedings, it could prevent
us from continuing to develop or commercialize our products. Additionally, rights granted under licensing agreements may not provide
a competitive advantage to us. Efforts to enforce patent rights can involve substantial expense and may not be successful. Furthermore,
others may independently develop similar, superior, or parallel technologies to any technology developed or licensed by us, or our technology
may prove to infringe on patents or rights owned by others. Thus the patents licensed to us, or in the future licensed or held by us,
may not afford us any meaningful competitive advantage. Also, our confidentiality agreements may not provide meaningful protection of
our proprietary information. Our inability to maintain our proprietary rights could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

42

Other
parties may claim that we infringe their intellectual property or proprietary rights, which could cause us to incur significant expenses
or prevent us from selling products.

Our
success will depend in part on our ability to operate without infringing the patents and proprietary rights of third parties. The development,
manufacture, use and sale of new products have been subject to substantial patent rights litigation in the pharmaceutical and biotech
industry. These lawsuits generally relate to the validity and infringement of patents or proprietary rights of third parties. Infringement
litigation is prevalent with respect to generic versions of products for which the patent covering the brand name product is expiring,
particularly since many companies that market generic products focus their development efforts on products with expiring patents. Pharmaceutical
companies, biotechnology companies, universities, research institutions or other third parties may have filed patent applications or
may have been granted patents that cover aspects of our product candidates or other technologies.

Future
or existing patents issued to third parties may contain patent claims that cover our products or candidates. We expect to be subject
to infringement claims from time to time in the ordinary course of business, and third parties could assert infringement claims against
us in the future with respect to our current product candidates or with respect to product candidates that we may develop or license.
Litigation or administrative proceedings could force us to:

stop
or delay selling, manufacturing or using products that incorporate, or are made using the
challenged intellectual property;

pay
damages; or

enter
into licensing or royalty agreements that may not be available on acceptable terms, if at
all.

Any
litigation or administrative proceedings, regardless of their outcome, would likely delay the regulatory approval process, be costly
and require significant time and attention of our key management and technical personnel.

We
may be subject to claims that our consultants or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their
other clients or former employers to us.

As
is common in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industry, we engage the services of consultants to assist us in the development of
our product candidates. Many of these consultants were previously employed at, or may have previously or may be currently providing consulting
services to, other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies including our competitors or potential competitors. We may become subject
to claims that the Company or a consultant inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other information proprietary
to their former employers or their former or current clients. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. Even if we
are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to our management
team.

43

Risks
Related to Ownership of our Common Stock

If
we are unable to register in a timely manner the shares of Common Stock issued to stockholders in the Merger or the Offering, then we
may be subject to certain liquidated damages.

We
have agreed to prepare and file with the SEC a registration statement registering the resale of shares sold in the Offering. If (a) we
are late in filing the resale registration statement, (b) the resale registration statement is not declared effective within 120 days
after the final closing of the Offering (subject to certain exceptions), (c) the resale registration statement ceases for any reason
to remain effective or the holders of shares are otherwise not permitted to utilize the prospectus therein to resell their shares for
a period of more than five consecutive trading days (subject to permitted blackout periods (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement)
and certain other exceptions), or (d) following the listing or inclusion for quotation of the Common Stock on OTC Markets, Nasdaq, NYSE
or NYSE American, the shares are not listed or included for quotation on such a market, or trading of the Common Stock is suspended or
halted on the principal market for the Common Stock, for more than three consecutive trading days (subject to certain exceptions), then
in any such case monetary penalties payable by the Company to the affected holders of the shares will commence to accrue at a rate equal
to 12% per annum of the value of the Registrable Shares, as set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement. If we are required to pay
the holders of the Registrable Shares a significant cash penalty our financial condition may be harmed. 

There
is currently no market for our Common Stock and there can be no assurance that any market will ever develop. 

Our
Common Stock is not listed on a national securities exchange or any other exchange, or quoted on an over-the- counter market. Therefore,
there is no trading market, active or otherwise, for our Common Stock and our Common Stock may never be included for trading on any stock
exchange, automated quotation system or any over-the-counter market. Accordingly, our Common Stock is highly illiquid and our investors
will likely experience difficulty in selling their shares at times and prices that they may desire.

Our
Common Stock may not be eligible for listing or quotation on any securities exchange or over-the-counter trading system.

We
do not currently meet the initial quantitative listing standards of any national securities exchange or over-the- counter trading system.
We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet the initial listing standards of any national securities exchange or over-the-counter
trading system, or, if we do meet such initial listing standards, that we will be able to maintain any such listing. Further, will be
required to meet certain requirements, including prescribed periods of time trading over-the-counter and minimum filings of periodic
reports with the SEC, before we are eligible to apply for listing on a national securities exchanges. We intend to contact an authorized
market maker for an over-the-counter quotation system for sponsorship of our Common Stock, but we cannot guarantee that such sponsorship
will be approved and our Common Stock listed and quoted for sale. Even if our Common Stock is quoted for sale on an over-the-counter
quotation system, buyers may be insufficient in numbers to allow for a robust market and it may prove impossible to sell your shares.
In addition, an investor may find it difficult to obtain accurate quotations as to the market value of our Common Stock. In addition,
if we fail to meet the criteria set forth in SEC regulations, various requirements would be imposed by law on broker-dealers who sell
our securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors. Consequently, such regulations may deter broker-dealers
from recommending or selling our Common Stock, which may further affect its liquidity. This would also make it more difficult for us
to raise additional capital.

44

The
market price and trading volume of our Common Stock may be volatile and could decline significantly.

The
quotation systems, including the OTC Markets QB tier and QX tier, or stock exchanges, including Nasdaq, on which our Common Stock may
be quoted or on which our Common Stock may be listed in the future have from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations.
Even if an active, liquid and orderly trading market develops and is sustained for our Common Stock following the Merger, the market
price of our Common Stock may be volatile and could decline significantly. In addition, the trading volume in our Common Stock may fluctuate
and cause significant price variations to occur. If the market price of our Common Stock declines significantly, our stockholders may
be unable to resell their shares at or above the market price of our Common Stock as of the date they purchased them. We cannot assure
you that the market price of our Common Stock will not fluctuate widely or decline significantly in the future in response to a number
of factors, including, among others, the following:

the
realization of any of the risk factors presented in this Report;

future
issuances, sales, resales or repurchases or anticipated issuances, sales, resales or repurchases,
of our Common Stock;

actual
or anticipated differences in our estimates, or in the estimates of analysts, for our revenues,
results of operations, level of indebtedness, liquidity or financial condition;

additions
and departures of key personnel;

failure
to comply with the requirements of the OTCQB market, or following our potential up listing
on Nasdaq;

failure
to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or other laws or regulations;

publication
of research reports about us, or our industry;

the
performance and market valuations of other similar companies;

broad
disruptions in the financial markets, including sudden disruptions in the credit markets;

speculation
in the press or investment community;

actual,
potential or perceived control, accounting or reporting problems; and

changes
in accounting principles, policies and guidelines.

In
the past, securities class-action litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the market
price of their shares. This type of litigation could result in substantial costs and divert our managements attention and resources,
which could have a material adverse effect on us.

The
designation of our Common Stock as penny stock would limit the liquidity of our Common Stock.

Our
Common Stock may be deemed a penny stock (as that term is defined under Rule 3a51-1 of the Exchange Act) in any market
that may develop in the future. Generally, a penny stock is a common stock that is not listed on a securities exchange
and trades for less than $5.00 a share. Prices often are not available to buyers and sellers and the market may be very limited. Penny
stock in start-up companies is among the riskiest equity investments. Broker-dealers who sell penny stock must provide purchasers with
a standardized risk-disclosure document prepared by the SEC. The document provides information about penny stock and the nature and level
of risks involved in investing in the penny stock market. A broker must also provide purchasers with bid and offer quotations and information
regarding broker and salesperson compensation and make a written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the
purchaser and obtain the purchasers written agreement to the purchase. Many brokers choose not to participate in penny stock transactions.
If our Common Stock is deemed penny stock, because of penny stock rules, there may be less trading activity in any market
that develops for our Common Stock in the future and stockholders are likely to have difficulty selling their shares.

FINRA
sales practice requirements may limit a stockholders ability to buy and sell our Common Stock.

The
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or FINRA, has adopted rules requiring that, in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer
must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative or low-priced
securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customers
financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA has indicated
its belief that there is a high probability that speculative or low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers.
If these FINRA requirements are applicable to us or our securities, they may make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that
at least some of their customers buy our Common Stock, which may limit the ability of our stockholders to buy and sell our Common Stock
and could have an adverse effect on the market for and price of our Common Stock.

45

Because
we became a reporting company under the Exchange Act by means other than a traditional underwritten initial public offering, we may not
be able to attract the attention of research analysts at major brokerage firms.

Because
we will become a reporting company by conducting an underwritten initial public offering of our Common Stock, and because we will not
be listed on a national securities exchange, security analysts of brokerage firms may not provide coverage of our Company. In addition,
investment banks may be less likely to agree to underwrite secondary offerings on our behalf than they might if we became a public reporting
company by means of an underwritten initial public offering, because they may be less familiar with our Company as a result of more limited
coverage by analysts and the media, and because we became public at an early stage in our development. The failure to receive research
coverage or support in the market for our shares will have an adverse effect on our ability to develop a liquid market for our Common
Stock.

Because
the Merger was a reverse merger, the Registration Statement we file with respect to the shares of Common Stock received by investors
in the Merger might be subject to heightened scrutiny by the SEC, and we may not be able to attract the attention of major brokerage
firms.

Additional
risks may exist as a result of our becoming a public reporting company through a reverse merger. Certain SEC rules are
more restrictive when applied to reverse merger companies, such as the ability of stockholders to resell their shares of Common Stock
pursuant to Rule 144, and the SEC may subject the Registration Statement we file with respect to the shares of Common Stock received
by investors in the Merger and the Offering to heightened scrutiny. In addition, securities analysts of major brokerage firms may not
provide coverage of our capital stock or business. Because we became a public reporting operating company through a reverse merger, there
is no incentive to brokerage firms to recommend the purchase of our Common Stock. We cannot assure you that brokerage firms will want
to provide analyst coverage of our capital stock or business in the future.

We
are obligated to develop and maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting. If we fail to develop and maintain
an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate
financial statements or comply with applicable laws and regulations could be impaired. In addition, the presence of material weaknesses
increases the risk of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements. 

Pursuant
to Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we are required to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Effective internal control over financial reporting
is necessary for reliable financial reports and, together with adequate disclosure controls and procedures, such internal controls are
designed to prevent fraud. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation,
could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence
in reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our Common Stock.

The
report by management will need to include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified in internal control over financial reporting.
However, for as long as we are an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act following the consummation of the Merger,
our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to attest to the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

Managements
assessment of internal controls, when implemented, could detect problems with internal controls, and an independent assessment of the
effectiveness of internal controls by our auditors could detect further problems that managements assessment might not, and could
result in the identification of material weaknesses that were not otherwise identified. For example, in connection with its audit of
Private Adaptins financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, Private Adaptins external
auditor identified certain material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting with respect to the following items:

insufficient
evidence of board preapproval before entering into debt, equity, and licensing agreements;

errors
in accounting for non-routine transactions; and

segregation
of duties.

46

Private
Adaptins management intends to take measures to remediate the aforementioned material weaknesses, including, but not limited to
the engagement of a professional services firm to provide back-office accounting support, including the services of a corporate controller;
and consulting support with respect to the application of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and SEC financial reporting regulations.
The material weaknesses will not be considered remediated until management designs and implements effective controls that operate for
a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are effective. Management will monitor
the effectiveness of these remediation plans and will make changes management determines to be appropriate. There can be no assurance
that any remediation plans will be successful.

Undetected
material weaknesses in internal controls, or those that are detected and not timely resolved, could lead to financial statement restatements
and require us to incur the expense of remediation. We are required to disclose changes made in internal control and procedures on a
quarterly basis. To comply with the public company requirements, we may need to undertake various actions, such as implementing new internal
controls and procedures and hiring accounting or internal audit staff.

We
are in the early stages of developing the system and processing documentation necessary to perform the evaluation needed to comply with
Section 404. We may not be able to complete its evaluation, testing, and any required remediation in a timely fashion. During the evaluation
and testing process, if we cannot remedy any identified material weaknesses or if we identify additional material weaknesses in internal
control over financial reporting, we will be unable to assert that internal control over financial reporting is effective.

If
we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting
firm is unable to express an opinion on the effectiveness of its internal control, including as a result of any new or existing material
weaknesses described above, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of financial reports, which would cause
the price of our Common Stock to decline, and we may be subject to investigation or sanctions by the SEC. In addition, if we are unable
to continue to meet these requirements, we may not be able to remain quoted on any over-the-counter trading system, or following any
potential listing, listed on any securities exchange.

We
are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company, and any decision on our part to comply only with certain reduced reporting
and disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies and smaller reporting companies could make our Common Stock less
attractive to investors.

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, and, for as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company,
we may choose to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies but not to emerging
growth companies, including:

not
being required to have our independent registered public accounting firm audit our internal
control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act;

reduced
disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and annual
report on Form 10-K; and

exemptions
from the requirements of holding non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation and
stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.

Our
status as an emerging growth company will end upon the earlier of: (a) the fifth anniversary of the first sale of our common equity securities
pursuant to an effective registration statement; (b) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have more than $1.235 billion in annual
gross revenues; (c) the date we qualify as a large accelerated filer, with at least $700 million of equity securities held
by non-affiliates; and (d) the date on which we have issued, in any three-year period, more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt securities.

We
cannot predict if investors will find our Common Stock less attractive if we choose to rely on any of the exemptions afforded emerging
growth companies. If some investors find our Common Stock less attractive because we rely on any of these exemptions, there may be a
less active trading market for our Common Stock and the market price of our Common Stock may be more volatile.

47

Under
the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can also delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards
apply to private companies. We have elected to avail ourselves of this provision of the JOBS Act. As a result, we will not be subject
to new or revised accounting standards at the same time as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. Therefore,
our consolidated financial statements may not be comparable to those of companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements
as of public company effective dates.

We
are also a smaller reporting company as defined in the Exchange Act. We may continue to be a smaller reporting company
even after we are no longer an emerging growth company. We may take advantage of certain of the scaled disclosures available to smaller
reporting companies and will be able to take advantage of these scaled disclosures for so long as our voting and non-voting Common Stock
held by non-affiliates is less than $250 million measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter, or our annual revenues
is less than $100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year and our voting and non-voting Common Stock held by non-affiliates
is less than $700 million measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter.

We
may face risks related to securities litigation that could result in significant legal expenses and settlement or damage awards.

We
may in the future become subject to claims and litigation alleging violations of the securities laws or other related claims, which could
harm our business and require us to incur significant costs. Significant litigation costs could impact our ability to comply with certain
financial covenants under our credit agreement. We are generally obliged, to the extent permitted by law, to indemnify our current and
former directors and officers who are named as defendants in these types of lawsuits. Regardless of the outcome, litigation may require
significant attention from management and could result in significant legal expenses, settlement costs or damage awards that could have
a material impact on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

Anti-takeover
provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us, which may be beneficial to our stockholders,
more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management.

Our
restated certificate of incorporation and our restated bylaws contain provisions that could delay or prevent a change in control of our
company. These provisions could also make it difficult for stockholders to elect directors who are not nominated by current members of
our board of directors or take other corporate actions, including effecting changes in our management. These provisions:

permit
only the board of directors to establish the number of directors and fill vacancies on the
board;

require
super-majority voting to amend some provisions in our restated certificate of incorporation
and restated bylaws;

authorize
the issuance of blank check preferred stock that our board of directors could
use to implement a stockholder rights plan;

eliminate
the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders;

prohibit
stockholder action by written consent, which requires all stockholder actions to be taken
at a meeting of our stockholders;

prohibit
cumulative voting; and

establish
advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our board of directors or for
proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at annual stockholder meetings.

In
addition, our restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum
for: any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty; any action asserting
a claim against us arising pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL), our restated certificate of incorporation,
or our restated bylaws; or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine.

48

Section
22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all claims brought to enforce any duty or
liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Our restated certificate of incorporation provides that
the federal district courts of the United States is, unless we consent in writing to an alternative forum, the exclusive forum for resolving
any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act (Federal Forum Provision). Our decision to adopt
a Federal Forum Provision followed a decision by the Supreme Court of the State of Delaware holding that such provisions are facially
valid under Delaware law. While there can be no assurance that federal courts or state courts will follow the holding of the Delaware
Supreme Court or determine that the Federal Forum Provision should be enforced in a particular case, application of the Federal Forum
Provision means that suits brought by our stockholders to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act must be brought
in federal court and cannot be brought in state court. While neither the exclusive forum provision nor the Federal Forum Provision applies
to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all claims
brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Accordingly, actions by
our stockholders to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder also must be brought
in federal court. Our stockholders are not deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the regulations
promulgated thereunder.

Any
person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in any of our securities is deemed to have notice of and consented
to our exclusive forum provisions, including the Federal Forum Provision. These provisions may limit a stockholders ability to
bring a claim in a judicial forum of their choosing for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage
lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, and other employees.

In
addition, Section 203 of the DGCL may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company. Section 203 imposes certain restrictions
on mergers, business combinations and other transactions between us and holders of 15% or more of our Common Stock.

The
issuance of our preferred stock could adversely affect the holders of our Common Stock in some circumstances.

The
issuance of some or all of our authorized preferred stock could adversely affect the holders of our Common Stock in some circumstances.
Our board of directors is empowered, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting,
or other rights, which could adversely affect the voting power, or other rights of the holders of the Common Stock. In the event of issuance,
the preferred stock could be utilized, under certain circumstances, as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control
of the Company. Although we have no present intention to issue any shares of our authorized preferred stock, there can be no assurance
that the Company will not do so in the future.

Because
we do not intend to pay dividends, stockholders will benefit from an investment in our Common Stock only if it appreciates in value.

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our preferred stock or Common Stock nor do we intend to do so. For the foreseeable
future, it is expected that earnings, if any, generated from our operations will be used to finance the growth of our business, and that,
other than with respect to dividends we may be obligated to pay on our preferred stock, if any, no dividends will be paid to holders
of our Common Stock. As a result, the success of an investment in our Common Stock will depend upon any future appreciation in its value.
There is no guarantee that our Common Stock will appreciate in value.

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish unfavorable or inaccurate research about our business, our stock price
and trading volume could decline.

Our
stock price and trading volume following our quotation on the OTC Markets QB tier, if any, or following our potential listing on a securities
exchange, if any, will be heavily influenced by the way analysts and investors interpret our financial information and other disclosures.
Securities and industry analysts do not currently, and may never, publish research on our business. If few securities or industry analysts
commence coverage of us, our stock price could be negatively affected. If securities or industry analysts downgrade our Common Stock,
or publish negative reports about our business, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage
of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our Common Stock could decrease, which might cause our stock price to decline
and could decrease the trading volume of our Common Stock.

49

The
future issuance of equity or of debt securities that are convertible into equity may dilute our stockholders investment and reduce
their equity interest.

We
may choose to raise additional capital in the future, depending on market conditions, strategic considerations and operational requirements.
To the extent that additional capital is raised through the issuance of shares or other securities convertible into shares, our stockholders
will be diluted, including to the extent there are additional closings of the Offering. Future issuances of our Common Stock or other
equity securities, or the perception that such sales may occur, could adversely affect the prevailing market price of our Common Stock
and impair our ability to raise capital through future offerings of equity or equity-linked securities. For example, we have agreed,
at our expense, to prepare and file a registration statement with the SEC registering the resale of certain shares of our Common Stock
pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement. See Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets-The Merger and Related Transactions-Registration Rights
for more information. The resale of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock in the public market could adversely affect the
market price for our Common Stock and make it more difficult for you to sell shares of our Common Stock at times and prices that our
stockholders feel are appropriate. Furthermore, we expect that, because there will be a large number of shares registered pursuant to
a registration statement, selling stockholders will continue to offer shares covered by such registration statement for a significant
period of time, the precise duration of which cannot be predicted. Accordingly, the adverse market and price pressures resulting from
an offering pursuant to a registration statement may continue for an extended period of time and continued negative pressure on the market
price of our Common Stock could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise additional equity capital.

We
are subject to the reporting requirements of federal securities laws, which can be expensive and may divert resources from other projects,
thus impairing our ability to grow.

We
are a public reporting company and, accordingly, subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and other
federal securities laws, including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The costs of preparing and filing annual and quarterly reports,
proxy statements, registration statements and other information with the SEC and furnishing audited reports to stockholders would cause
our expenses to be higher than they would be if Private Adaptin remained privately held and did not consummate the Merger. In addition,
we will incur substantial expenses in connection with the preparation of the Registration Statement and related documents required under
the terms of the Offering.

It
may be time consuming, difficult and costly for us to develop and implement the internal controls and reporting procedures required by
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We may need to hire additional financial reporting, internal controls and other finance personnel in order to
develop and implement appropriate internal controls and reporting procedures. If we are unable to comply with the internal controls requirements
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, then we may not be able to obtain the independent accountant certifications required by such act, which may
preclude us from keeping our filings with the SEC current.

Our
principal stockholders will have significant influence over the election of our board of directors and approval of any significant corporate
actions, including any sale of the Company.

The
Companys founders, executive officers, directors, and other principal stockholders, in the aggregate, beneficially own a majority
of our outstanding stock. These stockholders will have significant influence with respect to the election of our board of directors and
approval or disapproval of all significant corporate actions. The concentrated voting power of these stockholders could have the effect
of delaying or preventing an acquisition of the company or another significant corporate transaction.

For
example, the sole holder of Unite Acquisition prior to the Merger, Lucius Partners, holds 3,250,000 shares of Common Stock after the
Merger, which represents 40.2% of the outstanding shares of the combined Company as of the date of this Report. Lucius Partners purchased
its shares upon formation of the Company for a nominal price. Matthew Eitner, the Chief Executive Officer of the Placement Agent, James
Ahern, the Managing Partner of the Placement Agent, and Patrick Gallagher, a member of our board of directors, a Managing Director of
the Placement Agent, are managing members, members, and/or officers of Lucius Partners, and therefore are indirectly material stakeholders
of the Company. Anthony Zook is also a member of the board of directors of the Company and is a member of Lucius Partners. The Placement
Agent and/or its designees hold warrants to purchase an aggregate of 270,204 shares of our Common Stock. Therefore, following the Merger,
such persons can exert substantial control over matters requiring the approval of our stockholders. Additionally, Lucius Partners has
received, and will continue to receive after the Merger, fees from us for advisory and certain other services to the Company.

50

MANAGEMENTS
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

You
should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated
financial statements and the related notes and other financial information included in this Report. Some of the information contained
in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Report, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for
our business, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties as described under the heading Forward-Looking
Statements elsewhere in this Report. You should review the disclosure under the heading Risk Factors in this Report
for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by
the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis.

Overview

Concurrent
with the closing of the Offering, Unite Acquisition, Merger Sub, and Private Adaptin entered into Merger Agreement and
effected the Merger. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, on the Closing Date, Merger Sub merged with and into Private
Adaptin, with Private Adaptin continuing as the surviving corporation and the wholly- owned subsidiary of Unite Acquisition. As a
result of the Merger, Unite Acquisition acquired the business of Private Adaptin and will continue the existing business operations
of Private Adaptin as a public reporting company under the name Adaptin Bio, Inc. On the Closing Date, Private Adaptin
was renamed Adaptin Bio Operating Corporation.

The
Merger is treated as a recapitalization and reverse acquisition for Unite Acquisition for financial reporting purposes, and Private Adaptin
is considered the acquirer for accounting purposes. As a result of the Merger and the change in Unite Acquisitions business and
operations, a discussion of the past financial results of Unite Acquisition is not pertinent, and under applicable accounting principles,
the historical financial results of Private Adaptin, the accounting acquirer, prior to the Merger will be considered the combined Companys
historical financial results.

Company
Overview

Adaptin
is a biopharmaceutical company pioneering a transformational approach to enhancing the transfer of therapeutics into the brain, facilitating
the treatment of brain cancers and other unmet medical conditions. The Companys precision medicine technology, originally developed
by researchers in the Department of Neurosurgery at Duke University, harnesses the human immune systems ability to target, recognize,
destroy or deliver therapeutics to specific cells, including cancer cells. Our mission is to be the global leader and pioneer of this
new treatment paradigm, integrating recombinant technology, gene therapy and cell therapy to address the challenges of targeting and
delivering effective therapies, including to the brain for cancer and other CNS, indications.

We
are closely working with the researchers at Duke University to translate preclinical proof of concept data of our proprietary platform
technology, the BRiTE Platform, into human clinical trials. BRiTE is a translatable method to specifically target malignant glioma using
a tumor-specific, fully human bispecific antibody that redirects patients own T cells to recognize and destroy tumor cells. Our
first application of BRiTE is APTN-101, a proprietary EGFRvIII x CD3 bispecific T cell engager, that is able to eliminate malignant glioma
tumors in a variety of aggressive preclinical orthotopic tumor models. We designed APTN-101 to specifically redirect T cells against
tumors expressing a well-characterized, mutated form of EGFR on a number of tumor types, including glioblastoma, breast and lung cancer.
APTN-101 has been recently accepted under an investigator-led IND to begin first-in-human studies in brain cancer. Our goal is to complete
preclinical studies on additional product candidates and file multiple INDs.

Duke
University Exclusive Licensing Agreement

As
described elsewhere in this Report, effective January 11, 2023, Private Adaptin entered into the Duke License, which was assumed by the
Company in the Merger, whereby Duke University granted Private Adaptin an exclusive license to the patents and patent application relating
to the precision medicine technology, which we intend to develop using our BRiTE Platform. As part of the consideration for the license,
Private Adaptin issued Duke University 75 shares (that were valued at $175.86 per share, or $13,189), representing 5% of its then-issued
and outstanding common stock on a fully diluted basis, which converted into 161,960 shares of Common Stock, representing 2.0% of the
currently outstanding Common Stock. We are obligated to make milestone payments and pay royalties to Duke University, as well as to reimburse
Duke University for prior patent expenses, as set forth elsewhere in this Report.

51

The
Company has recorded the issuance of common stock and has accrued for the reimbursement of prior patent expenses, but has not reached
any of the clinical or regulatory milestones or transacted its first commercial sale as of September 30, 2024. The Company will record
corresponding liabilities as such events occur.

Recent
Events

Bridge
Financings

Private
Adaptin raised bridge financing through the offer and sale (a) in 2023 of $500,000 principal amount of its 2023 Bridge Notes and (b)
in 2024 of $1,000,000 principal amount of its 2024 Bridge Notes, which in each case were sold to a limited number of accredited investors
pursuant to Regulation D under the Securities Act.

At
the closing of the Offering, the $1,500,000 aggregate principal amount of outstanding Bridge Notes, plus accrued interest thereon,
converted automatically into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price of $3.30 per share, or 501,140 shares of our Common Stock,
and the holders of the 2023 Bridge Notes were issued, pursuant to existing agreements, Pre-Merger Warrants to purchase up to 132,570
shares of our Common Stock at an exercise price of either $3.30 or $4.40 per share and with a term of five years.

Operations
Overview

Since
the commencement of Private Adaptins operations in 2021, we have devoted substantially all of our resources to supporting our
product development efforts, raising capital to support and expand such activities, and providing general and administrative support
for these operations. We operate our business using a significant outsourcing model. As such, our team is composed of a small group of
employees who direct a significantly large number of team members, including vendors and consultants, to enable execution of our operational
plans. We do not currently have any products approved for sale, and we will continue to incur significant research and development and
general administrative expenses related to our operations.

Since
inception, we have incurred significant operating losses. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recorded net losses
of approximately $2.3 million and $0.7 million, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately
$3.2 million. We expect to continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future. We anticipate that a substantial portion
of our capital resources and efforts in the foreseeable future will be focused on completing the necessary development activities required
for applying for and obtaining regulatory approval for our product candidates and, subsequently, preparing for potential commercialization
of our product candidates. We had approximately $115,000 of cash at September 30, 2024.

We
expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses for at least the next several years. Our net losses may fluctuate
significantly from period to period, depending on the timing of our planned clinical trials and expenditures on other research and development
activities. We expect our expenses will increase substantially over time as we:

continue
our ongoing and planned development of APTN-101, including pre-clinical activity and our
Phase 1 investigator-led trial for the treatment of GBM;

build
a portfolio of product candidates through development, or the acquisition or in-license of
drugs, product candidates or technologies;

initiate
preclinical studies and clinical trials for APTN-101 for any additional indications we may
pursue and for any additional product candidates that we may pursue in the future;

maintain,
protect and expand our intellectual property portfolio;

hire
clinical, regulatory and scientific personnel;

add
operational, financial and management information systems and personnel, including personnel
to support our product development efforts; and

incur
additional legal, accounting, insurance and other expenses associated with operating as a
public company.

52

The
Macroeconomic Climate

The
recent economic trends and political changes, including the proposed implementation of a tariff structure, may materially adversely affect
our business and corresponding financial position and cash flows. While inflationary factors have trended down and interest rates are
beginning to trend down, they still may impact our overhead costs and may adversely affect our operating results. While interest rates
have recently been trending down, they remain high and present a challenge impacting the United States and global economies. Such factors
could make it more difficult for us to obtain traditional financing on acceptable terms, if at all, in the future. Although we do not
believe that inflation has had a material impact on our financial position or results of operations to date, we may experience increases
in the near future on our operating costs, including our labor, due to supply chain constraints, consequences associated with pandemics
or public health situations, the Russia-Ukraine war, and other United States geopolitical issues, such as the proposed tariff structures,
affecting other territories and employee availability and wage increases, all of which may result in additional stress on our working
capital resources.

Components
of Results of Operations

Research
and Development Expenses

Research
and development expenses consist primarily of fees paid to third-party service providers and, in future periods, we expect will include
additional personnel costs and other personnel-related compensation expenses. Research and development expenses also include the cost
of in-process research and development (IPR&D) assets purchased in an asset acquisition transaction. We have concluded
that the costs associated with licensing our technology are IPR&D and we expensed those costs upon execution of the Duke License.
Research and development costs after the acquisition are expensed as incurred. We expense research and development costs in the periods
in which they are incurred. Costs for certain development activities are recognized based on an evaluation of the progress to completion
of specific tasks using information and data provided to us by our vendors, collaborators and third-party service providers.

To
date, substantially all our research and development expenses have been related to the licensing and preclinical development of APTN-101.
As we progress, we expect our research and development costs to increase for additional preclinical and clinical development of APTN-101
in GBM.

The
process of conducting the necessary clinical research to obtain regulatory approval is costly and time-consuming and is subject to uncertainties
and delays. As a result of the uncertainties discussed above, we are unable to determine the duration and completion costs of our research
and development projects or when and to what extent we will generate revenue from the commercialization and sale of our product candidates,
if at all.

General
and Administrative Expenses

General
and administrative expenses include expenses for outside professional services and other general administrative expenses. Outside professional
services consist of patent maintenance expenses, legal, accounting and audit services and other consulting fees.

We
also expect to incur expenses as a public company, including expenses related to compliance with SEC rules and regulations and those
of any national securities exchange on which our securities are traded, additional insurance expenses, investor relations activities,
and other administrative and professional services.

Interest
Expense

Interest
expense primarily consists of contractual debt interest expense, the amortization of debt issuance costs and the amortization of discounts
arising from derivative liabilities.

53

Results
of Operations

Comparison
of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023

The
following table summarizes our results of operations and changes for the periods indicated:

Nine months ended September
30, 

2024 2023 $
Change %
Change 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Research
and development $ 1,566,533 $ 440,299 $ 1,126,234 256 %

General
and administrative 495,272 212,623 282,649 133 %

Total
Operating Expenses 2,061,805 652,922 1,408,883 216 %

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS (2,061,805 ) (652,922 ) (1,408,883 ) 216 %

Interest Expense 195,161 66,711 128,450 193 %

Loss on fair value
of derivative liability 8,755 - 8,755 100 %

NET LOSS $ (2,265,721 ) $ (719,633 ) $ (1,546,088 ) 215 %

Research
and Development Expenses

Research
and development expenses increased by $1,126,234, or 256%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 when compared to research and
development expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. During 2024, the increase in research and development costs are primarily
associated with a repeat-dose toxicology study of APTN-101 that began in late 2023. Costs incurred during the nine months ended September
30, 2023 consist primarily of costs related to the execution of the Duke License that was determined to be IPR&D acquired in an asset
transaction. These costs were expensed as the technology has not received regulatory approval for marketing and, absent obtaining such
approval, has no established alternative future use.

General
and Administrative Expenses

General
and administrative expenses increased by $282,649, or 133%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 when compared to the nine months
ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily related to increases in consulting costs related to management of the Company as
business activities increased.

Interest
Expense

Interest
expense increased $128,450 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 when compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The
increase in interest expense was related to issuance of $1.0 million in 2024 Notes and the interest accrued, debt issuance costs amortization,
discounts related to derivative liability amortization and related costs. In addition, we recorded a loss on fair market value of the
derivative liability for nine months ended September 30, 2024.

54

Comparison
of the Year Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022

The
following table summarizes our results of operations and changes for the periods indicated:

Year ended December 31, 

2023 2022 $
Change %
Change 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Research
and development $ 510,356 $ - $ 510,356 100 %

General
and administrative 366,960 11,772 355,188 3017 %

Total
Operating Expenses 877,316 11,772 865,544 7353 %

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS (877,316 ) (11,772 ) (865,544 ) 7353 %

Interest Expense 104,487 - 104,487 100 %

NET
LOSS $ (981,803 ) $ (11,772 ) $ (970,031 ) 8240 %

Research
and Development Expenses

Research
and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2023 were $510,356. There were no research and development expenses for the
year ended December 31, 2022. During 2023, the increase in research and development costs are primarily associated with the execution
of the Duke License in 2023. The expenses incurred upon execution of the Duke License of approximately $340,000 were determined to be
IPR&D acquired in an asset transaction. These costs were expensed as the technology has not received regulatory approval for marketing
and, absent obtaining such approval, has no established alternative future use. The remainder of the increase is primarily related to
the initiation of pre-clinical activities in 2023.

General
and Administrative Expenses

General
and administrative expenses increased by $355,188, or 3,017%, for the year ended December 31, 2023 when compared to the year ended December
31, 2022. The increase was primarily related to increases in consulting costs related to management of the Company as business activities
increased along with increases in professional fees for legal and accounting services.

Liquidity
and Capital Resources

We
have incurred operating losses and experienced negative operating cash flows since our inception, and we anticipate continuing to incur
losses for at least the next several years as we continue to develop our product candidates. As of September 30, 2024, we had cash of
$115,308 and an accumulated deficit of approximately $3.2 million.

As
set forth above, in 2023 and 2024, we raised bridge financing through the offer and sale of $1,500,000 of Bridge Notes. At the closing of the Offering, the $1,500,000 aggregate principal amount of outstanding Bridge Notes, plus accrued interest thereon, converted
automatically into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price of $3.30 per share, or 501,140 shares of our Common Stock, and the holders
of the 2023 Bridge Notes were issued, pursuant to existing agreements, Pre-Merger Warrants to purchase up to 132,570 shares of our Common
Stock at an exercise price of $3.30 or $4.40 per share and with a term of five years.

Based
on our current operating plan, we anticipate that our existing cash balance will not be sufficient to fund our operating activities for
the next twelve months and, as such, we will need to obtain additional funding. We plan to continue to fund our losses from operations
through cash on hand, as well as through future equity offerings, debt financings, or other third-party funding. There can be no assurance
that additional funds will be available when needed from any source or, if available, will be available on terms that are acceptable
to us. Even if we raise additional capital, we may also be required to modify, delay or abandon some of our plans which could have a
material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition and our ability to achieve our intended business objectives.
Any of these actions could materially harm our business, results of operations and future prospects.

55

Cash
Flows

The
following table shows a summary of our cash flows for the periods presented:

Nine months ended September
30,

2024 2023 $
Change %
Change 

Net cash (used in) provided
by: 

Operating
activities (761,936 ) (198,047 ) (563,889 ) 285 %

Financing
activities 872,490 398,890 473,600 119 %

Net increase in cash
during the periods 110,554 200,843 (90,289 ) 45 %

For the years ended December
31,

2023 2022 $
Change %
Change 

Net cash (used in) provided
by: 

Operating
activities (394,186 ) 50 (394,236 ) 788472 %

Financing
activities 398,890 - 398,890 100 %

Net increase in cash
during the periods 4,704 50 4,654 9308 %

Operating
Activities

Net
cash used in operating activities was $761,936 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to $198,047 of cash used in operating
activities for the comparable prior year period. The increase of $563,889 is related to increased operating activity in 2024 consisting
of a repeat-dose toxicology study that was initiated in late 2023 along with increases in consulting costs in 2024 related to management
of the Company with increased business activities.

Net
cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2023 was $394,186 and reflects costs associated with the execution
of the Duke License in 2023 and increases in legal and professional fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022, such costs were only
$50 related to the initial cash account funding by the Companys founders.

Financing
Activities

Net
cash provided by financing activities was $872,490 for the nine months September 30, 2024 related to the issuance of the 2024 Notes in
the amount of $1,000,000 offset by debt issuance costs. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net cash provided by financing
activities was $398,890 related to the issuance of the 2023 Notes in the amount of $500,000 offset by debt issuance costs.

Net
cash provided by financing activities was $398,890 for the year ended December 31, 2023 related to the issuance of the 2023 Notes offset
by debt issuance costs. There were no financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022.

56

Indebtedness

In
2023, we entered into Securities Purchase Agreements resulting in issuance of an aggregate of $500,000 of the 2023 Bridge Notes. We incurred
$101,110 in debt issuance costs related to the issuance of this debt. For the year ended December 31, 2023, we also recorded accrued
interest of $33,615 and amortization expense of the debt issuance costs of $70,872. There were no debt costs for the year ended December
31, 2022.

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we entered into Securities Purchase Agreements resulting in the issuance of an aggregate of
$1.0 million of the 2024 Bridge Notes. We incurred approximately $128,000 in debt issuance costs related to the issuance of this debt.
As of September 30, 2024, we had recorded accrued interest expense of $26,264, amortization of debt issuance costs of $28,070, amortization
of discounts related to an embedded derivative liability of $73,091 and a loss on the fair value of derivative liabilities of $8,755.

Funding
Requirements

We
use our cash primarily to fund research and development expenditures. We expect our research and development expenses to increase as
we continue the development of APTN-101. We expect to incur an increase in general and administrative expenses in 2025 primarily related
to supporting our increasing research and development activities and becoming a publicly held company with the resulting professional
fees, personnel and regulatory compliance related costs. We expect to incur increasing operating losses for the foreseeable future as
we continue the preclinical and clinical development of our product candidate. At this time, due to the inherently unpredictable nature
of clinical development, we cannot reasonably estimate the costs we will incur and the timelines that will be required to complete development,
obtain marketing approval, and commercialize APTN-101 or any future product candidates, if at all. For the same reasons, we are also
unable to predict when, if ever, we will generate revenue from product sales or whether, or when, if ever, we may achieve profitability.
Clinical and preclinical development timelines, the probability of success, and development costs can differ materially from expectations.

The
timing and amount of our operating expenditures will depend largely on:

the
timing, progress and results of our ongoing and planned preclinical and clinical development
activities for APTN- 101 in GBM;

the
scope, progress, results and costs of preclinical development, testing and clinical trials
of APTN-101 for any additional indications;

the
ability of our vendors and third-party service providers to accurately forecast expenses
and deliver on expectations;

the
costs and timing of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and
enforcing our intellectual property rights and defending any intellectual property-related
claims; and

the
extent to which we acquire or in-license other product candidates and technologies.

Until
such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial revenue from product sales, we expect to fund our operations and capital funding needs
through equity and/or debt financing. We may also consider entering into collaboration arrangements or selectively partnering for clinical
development and commercialization. The sale of additional equity would result in additional dilution to our shareholders. The incurrence
of debt financing would result in debt service obligations and the instruments governing such debt could provide for operating and financing
covenants that restrict our operations or our ability to incur additional indebtedness, among other items. If we are not able to secure
adequate additional funding, we may be forced to make reductions in spending, extend payment terms with suppliers, liquidate assets where
possible, and/or suspend or curtail planned programs. Any of these actions could materially and adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations.

57

Contractual
Obligations and Commitments

Duke
University License

In
January 2023, Private Adaptin entered into the Duke License with Duke University and the National Cancer Institute, under the agency
of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services for an exclusive, world-wide, sub-licensable license to the technology more fully
described above, which was assumed by the Company in the Merger. As a component of the Duke License, the Company is obligated to make
payments based on clinical and commercial milestones and continuing royalty payments on any sales made after approval by regulatory authorities.
These milestones include initiation of Phase II or Phase III clinical trials, submission of applications for market approval in multiple
jurisdictions including the United States, European Union and Japan and the initiation of post-approval commercial sales in the same
jurisdictions. Based on an assumption that all milestones related to the current development program are met during the course of the
Duke License, these milestone payments would total approximately $11.7 million. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has not met any
milestones as defined in the Duke License and, accordingly, has recorded no expense or liability related to such payments.

The
Company is also obligated to pay royalties equal to low- to mid- single digit percentages of annual net sales on a country-by-country
and product-by-product basis subject to downward adjustment to low single digit percentages of our net annual sales in the event there
is no valid claim of a patent for the product, with minimum annual royalty levels established. We also must pay Duke University low to
mid-double digit percentages of any sublicensing fees as set forth in the Duke License. The Company has not recorded and does not owe
any royalties or sublicensing fees for the nine months ended September 30, 2024.

Off-Balance
Sheet Transactions

We
did not have during the periods presented, and we do not currently have, any off-balance sheet financing arrangements or any relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as structured finance or special purpose entities, that were established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes.

Critical
Accounting Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires us to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ
from those estimates.

Significant
estimates and assumptions reflected in the financial statements relate to and include, but are not limited to, the fair value of common
stock and other assumptions used to measure share-based consideration transferred for acquired assets under the Duke License, the fair
value of derivative liabilities along with prepaid expenses and accrued liabilities that are measured based on progress toward completion
of research and development projects.

Future
events and their effects cannot be predicted with certainty; accordingly, accounting estimates require the exercise of judgment. Accounting
estimates used in the preparation of these financial statements change as new events occur, as more experience is acquired, as additional
information is obtained and as the operating environment changes.

JOBS
Act Accounting Election

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. The JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take
advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. This provision allows an emerging
growth company to either early adopt or delay the adoption of some accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to
private companies. We have elected to use the extended transition period under the JOBS Act until the earlier of the date we (i) are
no longer an emerging growth company or (ii) affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of the extended transition period provided in the
JOBS Act. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements
as of public company effective dates.

58

MANAGEMENT

Executive
Officers and Directors

The
following table provides information regarding our executive officers and directors as of February 11, 2025:

Name Age Positions

Executive Officers 

Michael
J. Roberts, PhD 55 Chief Executive Officer
and Director

Simon
C. Pedder, PhD 63 Executive Chairman and
Director

Timothy
L. Maness, CPA 64 Chief Financial Officer

L.
Arthur Hewitt, PhD 71 Chief Development Officer

Non-Employee Directors 

Patrick
Gallagher 59 Director

Anthony
Zook 64 Director 

J.
Nick Riehle 72 Director

(1) Member of the Audit Committee.

Executive
Officers

Michael
J. Roberts, PhD Chief Executive Officer and Director

Dr.
Roberts has been our Chief Executive Officer and a member of our board of directors since February 2025, and was Chief Executive Officer
and a director of Private Adaptin from March 2021 until February 2025. He has over 25 years of pharmaceutical research, development,
corporate development, and executive experience. He is co-founder and President and CEO of Adaptin Bio and also serves on the board of
directors. Prior to Adaptin he was co-founder of Corino Therapeutics and is currently its acting CEO. Dr. Roberts led and ran all activities
related to Corino and the development of a disease-modifying drug called CRX-1008, which is used to treat the protein disorder transthyretin
amyloidosis. He is a pharmaceutical and biotech consultant and owner of MAC B Consulting. Prior to Corino, Dr. Roberts was VP, Business
Development and Corporate Officer of publicly traded Chelsea Therapeutics International, Ltd. He was responsible for business development
efforts focused primarily on licensing and M&A with consideration to pipeline management. He led the sale of Chelsea Therapeutics
to H. Lundbeck A/S in 2014 for approximately $658 million. Prior to Chelsea Therapeutics, Dr. Roberts was Director of Business Development
for their Nektar Therapeutics Molecule Engineering technology and completed a number of transactions with large and specialty
pharmaceutical companies. Dr. Roberts has completed pharmaceutical transactions valued at over $1B. Prior to this he was Manager of Biopharmaceutical
Research at Shearwater Corporation where he led and was successful in the development of preclinical drug candidates from initial stages
of research through Phase I clinical study, including inventing the product Movantik, a treatment for opioid-induced constipation,
subsequently licensed to AstraZeneca in a transaction valued at approximately $1 billion. Shearwater was sold to Inhale Therapeutic Systems
(now known as Nektar Therapeutics) in 2001 for approximately $200 million. Dr. Roberts obtained his Ph.D. in Materials Science from the
University of Alabama and B.S. in Chemical Engineering from Pennsylvania State University. We believe that Dr. Roberts experience
in the life sciences industry and in the operation of publicly traded companies as an executive qualifies him to serve on our board of
directors.

Simon
C. Pedder, PhD Executive Chairman and Director

Dr.
Pedder has been our Executive Chairman and a member of our board of directors since February 2025, and was Executive Chairman and a director
of Private Adaptin since October 2023. He has a career of over 30 years in drug development and commercialization. He was Chief Executive
Officer of Nirogy from November 2021 to November 2022. From December 2016 to November 2021, he had leadership roles as Chief Business
and Strategy Officer for Athenex; President and CEO of Cellectar Biosciences from April 2014 to June 2015; President and CEO of Chelsea
Therapeutics International, Ltd. from May 2004 to July 2012; and Global Vice President of Oncology Pharma Business and Executive Officer
at Hoffmann-LaRoche. Previous positions at Roche included Life Cycle Leader and Global Project Leader of Pegasys/IFN and Head of Hepatitis
Franchise. Prior to that, he was Clinical Leader for a number of development compounds at Roche. Dr. Pedder served on the board of directors
of Cerecor, Inc. from April 2018 to June 2020, Mateon Therapeutics, Inc. from March 2016 to April 2019 and Delcath Systems, Inc. from
November 2017 to April 2019.

59

Early
in his career, he was a faculty member in the Department of Pharmacology in College of Medicine at the University of Saskatchewan, where
he obtained his Ph.D. in Clinical Pharmacology. During his longstanding career in pharmaceutical development, Dr. Pedder played key roles
in the successful development and commercialization of multiple proprietary pharmaceutical products including Tasmar, Pegasys,
Copegus, Northera and Klisyri. In addition to his Ph.D., Dr. Pedder obtained a Master of Science in Toxicology from Concordia
University, a Joint Honors Bachelor degree in Environmental Studies/Biology from the University of Waterloo, and he completed the Roche-sponsored
Pharmaceutical Executive Management Program at Columbia Business School. We believe Dr. Pedders experience in the life sciences
industry and in the operation of publicly traded companies as an executive and board member qualifies him to serve on our board of directors.

Timothy
L. Maness, CPA Chief Financial Officer

Mr.
Maness has been our Chief Financial Officer since February 2025, and was Chief Financial Officer of Private Adaptin from September 2024
to February 2025. Since April 2016, he has provided financial consulting services through Adamanteus, LLC. Mr. Maness has been a consultant
to multiple publicly held and private-equity-backed life sciences companies, and he has held several senior financial management roles,
primarily in software and technology services.

In
2018, Mr. Maness was engaged by Milestone Pharmaceuticals to prepare and lead its initial public offering, serving as its interim CFO,
CAO, and Vice President of Finance. Before that, he served as the CFO of Ballantyne Therapeutics. Earlier, during his eight years as
the Senior Director of Finance and Corporate Controller at Chelsea Therapeutics International, he was heavily involved in Chelseas
reverse-public-shell merger to complete its public listing in 2005. Mr. Maness is a noted expert in forensic accounting and internal
audit and has served as the internal auditor hired by public company audit committees on several occasions.

Mr.
Maness received a B.S. in accounting from the University of North Carolina at Charlotte, and he is licensed as a Certified Public Accountant
and as a Chartered Global Management Accountant.

L.
Arthur Hewitt, PhD Chief Development Officer

Dr.
Hewitt has been our Chief Development Officer since February 2025, and was Chief Development Officer of Private Adaptin from September
2024 to February 2025. He has worked for approximately 35 years in clinical research and regulatory affairs. From December 2016 to December
2021, he served as a scientific advisor to Amneal Pharmaceuticals and Senior Scientific Advisor Neurology at Lundbeck Pharmaceuticals.
Prior to Lundbeck, Dr. Hewitt was Chief Scientific Officer for Chelsea Therapeutics International, Ltd. from January 2010 to June 2014
and Vice President, Drug Development from May 2004 to June 2014. At Chelsea, he oversaw the clinical development and regulatory approval
of Northera (droxidopa), a novel therapeutic agent, for the treatment of symptomatic neurogenic orthostatic hypotension, or Neurogenic
OH, in patients with primary autonomic failure (Parkinsons disease, or PD, multiple systems atrophy, or MSA, and pure autonomic
failure, or PAF), dopamine -hydroxylase, or DBH, deficiency and non-diabetic autonomic neuropathy. Prior to Chelsea, Dr. Hewitt
served as an independent contractor from January 2003 to May 2004, and as Director of Scientific Affairs at Shearwater Corporation, a
drug delivery company, from October 2002 until January 2003.

From
July 1991 until November 2000, Dr. Hewitt was Director of Scientific Affairs for Amgen Canada where he oversaw the clinical research
and regulatory requirements for a wide variety of proprietary biologic treatments undergoing Phase I, II and III research. Thirteen individual
investigational new drug, or IND, research programs were established covering the therapeutic domains of Hematology, Oncology, Neurology,
Infectious Disease, and Inflammation. Dr. Hewitt also developed clinical research programs supporting the approval of three products
including Neupogen, Stemgen and Infergen and six supplementary approvals. Prior to Amgen, Dr. Hewitt held positions at Jansen Pharmaceuticals
and Park-Davis where he developed research programs for multiple neurology and oncology products. Prior to entering the pharmaceutical
industry, he was a Lecturer at Concordia University in Montreal, Canada. Dr. Hewitt obtained his Ph.D. in Pharmacology from the University
of Montreal. Additionally, Dr. Hewitt received a Master of Science degree in Toxicology and a B.Sc. (Hon) in Comparative Anatomy and
Physiology from Concordia University.

60

Non-Employee
Directors

Patrick
Gallagher

Mr.
Gallagher has been a member of our board of directors since February 2025. He has 20 years of healthcare experience including alternative
investments, research and marketing in both the public and private markets. Since January 2018, he has served as the Chief Executive
Officer and as a member of the board of directors of Voltron Therapeutics, a privately held biotechnology company. Since August 2014,
Mr. Gallagher has served as a Managing Director of Laidlaw & Company (UK) Ltd. From January 2018 to September 2024, Mr. Gallagher
served as the Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of directors at PD Theranostics, Inc. He has also served as Treasurer
of Aerwave Medical, Inc. since November 2020. Formerly, Mr. Gallagher was a founding partner and Chief Executive Officer of BDR Research
Group, LLC (BDR), from July 2001 through October 2010. BDR was an independent sell-side research firm specializing in healthcare
investing, financing and operations, serving the institutional investing community at large.

Mr.
Gallagher served as VP of Business Development and Investor Relations as well as a strategic consultant for Kinex Pharmaceuticals, a
biotechnology firm focused on next-generation therapies in oncology and immunology (now traded on NASDAQ: ATNX). He also served as an
advisor to CHD Biosciences, a novel antimicrobial company from July 2012 through August 2014. Mr. Gallagher has served on the boards
of directors of BioSig Technologies, Inc., NASDAQ-listed a medical device company that is developing a proprietary technology platform
in the electrophysiology space since July 2014 Cingulate Therapeutics, a therapeutics company with a novel drug delivery platform since
January 2014; Evermore Global, a global special situations money manager since June 2015; and Algorithm Sciences, Inc. since May 2019.
Since September 2014, Mr. Gallagher has served as a Managing Partner at Laidlaw Venture Partners dba Laidlaw & Company (UK) Ltd.
and is part of the Investment Banking Healthcare Team. Mr. Gallagher also is a member of Lucius Partners.

Mr.
Gallagher earned his Master in Business Administration from Penn State University and his Bachelor of Science in Finance from the University
of Vermont. We believe that Mr. Gallaghers extensive experience in the life sciences industry qualifies him to serve on our board
of directors.

Anthony
Zook

Mr.
Zook has been a member of our board of directors since February 2025. He currently is a member of Lucius Partners. Since July 2020, Mr.
Zook has served as a director of BioSig Technologies, Inc. (Nasdaq: BSGM). From May 2023 to December 2024, Mr. Zook was a director of
NeoGenomics (Nasdaq: NEO), an oncology laboratory service company where he also served as the chair of the compensation committee. From
January 2022 to December 2024, he also served as Chairman to Voltron Therapeutics and Algorithm Sciences, respectively. Mr. Zook was
executive vice president of global commercial operations of AstraZeneca Plc from 2010 until 2012. He also served as president and chief
executive officer of the North American division of AstraZeneca Plc from 2006 until 2009, and president of Medimmune, the companys
wholly owned biologics division from 2009 until 2010. Mr. Zook previously served as a member of the board of directors of AltheRx from
2013-2014, InHibikase in 2014, Rib-X Pharmaceuticals in 2009, the National Pharmaceutical Council from 2007-2009, PhRMA from 2011-2012,
the Pennsylvania Division of the American Cancer Society from 2005-2007 and his alma mater, Frostburg State University from 2016-2018
and re-joined in 2021, where he earned a B.S. degree. Mr. Zook also earned an A.A. degree in chemical engineering from Pennsylvania State
University. We believe Mr. Zooks extensive commercialization experience and expertise in executive leadership qualify him to serve
on our board of directors.

61

J.
Nick Riehle

Mr.
Riehle has been a member of our board of directors since February 2025. He has over 25 years of business and management experience with
both large companies and start-up ventures, and nearly 20 years of that has been as the chief financial officer of pharmaceutical companies,
including taking these same companies public. Mr. Riehle formerly served as the CFO of Athenex, Inc., managing all aspects of the accounting,
treasury, IT, HR, and legal functions and providing support to the company when it went public in June 2017. Prior to this, he was a
freelance contractor for companies seeking his expertise in financing and related support. From 2004 2014, Mr. Riehle was the
CFO of Chelsea Therapeutics International, Ltd. He managed all aspects of the accounting, treasury, facilities, IT, HR, IR and legal
functions, including supporting the company in over $300 million in public and private equity financings and being actively involved
in the sale of the company to H. Lundbeck A/S in 2014 for $658 million. Prior to Chelsea Therapeutics, Mr. Riehle was the CFO for HAHT
Commerce, Inc., managing all aspects of treasury, accounting, IT, legal and inventory administration, as well as having significant involvement
in sales administration, services management, HR, facilities and related operational activities, including supporting the company in
transactions involving over $60 million in venture financing. Prior to HAHT Commerce, Mr. Riehle held various positions in Canada, the
United States and Asia with Nortel Networks, including financial planning and analysis, accounting, marketing and sales administration,
government relations, and general administration.

Mr.
Riehle earned his Bachelor of Commerce from McGill University, his MBA from York University and is a Certified Management Accountant
(CMA). We believe that Mr. Riehles experience in the life sciences industry qualifies and in the operation of publicly traded
companies as a senior financial executive qualifies him to serve on our board of directors.

Corporate
Governance

Appointment
of Officers

Our
executive officers are appointed by, and serve at the discretion of, our board of directors provided, however, that the board of directors
may empower the Chief Executive Officer of the Company to appoint any officer other than the Executive Chairperson, the Chief Executive
Officer, the President, the Chief Financial Officer or the Treasurer.

Board
of Directors Composition

Our
board of directors currently consists of five members. Dr. Roberts, Dr. Pedder, Mr. Gallagher, Mr. Zook, and Mr. Riehle have been designated
to serve as members of our board of directors.

Each
of our current directors will continue to serve until the election and qualification of his successor, or his earlier death, resignation,
disqualification or removal.

Director
Independence

Our
securities are not listed on a national securities exchange or on any inter-dealer quotation system that has a requirement that a majority
of directors be independent. We evaluate independence by the standards for director independence set forth in the Nasdaq Marketplace
Rules. Under such rules, our board of directors has determined that all members of the board of directors except for Dr. Roberts and
Dr. Pedder are independent directors under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605(a)(2). In making such independence determination, our board of directors
considered the relationships that each non-employee director has with us and all other facts and circumstances that our board of directors
deemed relevant in determining their independence, including the beneficial ownership of our capital stock by each non-employee director.

Under
Nasdaq Marketplace Rules, a director only qualifies as an independent director if, in the opinion of that companys
board of directors, that person does not have a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying
out the responsibilities of a director. 

62

Audit
committee members must also satisfy the independence criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. In order
to be considered independent for purposes of Rule 10A-3, a member of an audit committee of a listed company may not, other than in his
or her capacity as a member of the audit committee, the board of directors, or any other board committee: (i) accept, directly or indirectly,
any consulting, advisory, or other compensatory fee from the listed company or any of its subsidiaries; or (ii) be an affiliated person
of the listed company or any of its subsidiaries. We intend to satisfy the audit committee independence requirements of Rule 10A-3 as
of the time we list on a national securities exchange.

Our
board of directors has undertaken a review of the independence of each director and considered whether each director has a material relationship
with us that could compromise his or her ability to exercise independent judgment in carrying out his or her responsibilities. As a result
of this review, our board of directors determined that Messrs. Gallagher, Riehle and Zook are independent directors as
defined under the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the listing requirements and rules of Nasdaq. In making these determinations,
our board of directors reviewed and discussed information provided by the directors and us with regard to each directors business
and personal activities and current and prior relationships as they may relate to us and our management, including the beneficial ownership
of our capital stock by each non-employee director and the transactions involving them described in the section titled Certain
Relationships and Related Party Transactions.

Family
Relationships

There
are no family relationships by between or among the members of the board of directors or other executive officers of the Company.

Legal
Proceedings

None
of the Companys directors or executive officers are involved in any legal proceedings described in Item 401(f) of SEC Regulation
S-K.

Committee
of the Board of Directors

Our
board of directors has an Audit Committee, which has the composition and responsibilities described below. Members serve on the Audit
Committee until their resignation or until otherwise determined by our board of directors.

Audit
Committee

The
members of our Audit Committee are Messrs. Gallagher, Riehle, and Zook. Mr. Riehle serves as the Chair of this committee. The board of
directors has determined that Mr. Riehle is independent under the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules and standards established by
the SEC rules regarding audit committee members as set forth above.

The
Audit Committee oversees on behalf of the board of directors (a) the conduct of the Companys accounting and financial reporting
processes, the audits of our financial statements and the integrity of the Companys audited financial statements and other financial
reports; (b) the performance of the Companys internal accounting, internal auditing, and financial controls function; (c) the
engagement, replacement, compensation, qualifications, independence and performance of our independent auditors, and (d) the portions
of our Code of Conduct and Ethics and related policies regarding our accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters. The
Audit Committee also reviews and approves or disapproves related party transactions identified in Item 404 of SEC Regulation S-K and
makes recommendations to the full board of directors regarding the same.

The
Audit Committee meets privately with our independent registered public accounting firm from time to time, and such firm has unrestricted
access to, and reports directly to, the Audit Committee.

63

CODE
OF CONDUCT AND ETHICS

In
connection with the Merger, our board of directors adopted a new Code of Conduct and Ethics (the Code of Ethics), which
applies to all directors, officers (including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer
or controller, or persons performing similar functions) and employees.

The
Code of Ethics addresses, among other matters, conflicts of interest and corporate opportunities, fair dealing, record- keeping and public
disclosures, compliance with laws and corporate policies, confidentiality and corporate assets, and reporting and consequences of violations.
The provisions of the Code of Ethics are intended to reflect current best practices and enhance the Companys personnels
understanding of the Companys standards of ethical business practices, promote awareness of ethical issues that may be encountered
in carrying out an employees or directors responsibilities and improve clarity as to how to address ethical issues that
may arise.

If
any substantive amendments are made to our Code of Ethics, or if any waiver (including any implicit waiver) of any provision of the Code
of Ethics is granted that is required to be disclosed under the rules of the SEC, such amendment or waiver will be disclosed on our website,
or, if required, in a current report on Form 8-K.

The
newly adopted Code of Ethics did not result in any explicit or implicit waiver of any prior code of conduct or ethics.

compensation
of directors and executive officers

Information
with respect to the Companys directors and executive officers is described in the section titled Management.

Director
Compensation

The
Company did not pay any compensation to its directors since inception through September 30, 2024. Following the Merger, the Company intends
to provide its non-employee directors with annual cash compensation of $25,000. The chair of the Audit Committee will receive an additional
$10,000 in annual cash compensation. Non-employee directors will be eligible to receive such equity grants or awards as may be approved
by the board in its discretion. The board of directors intends to grant each non-employee director equity awards equal to 0.20% of the
Companys fully diluted shares outstanding at the time of grant. Messrs. Gallagher and Zook have waived any compensation for their
services as directors of the Company. Drs. Roberts and Pedder will be employees and executive officers of the Company and will not be
separately compensated for the service as directors.

Executive
Officer Compensation

Throughout
this section, unless otherwise noted, we, us, our, Company and similar terms
refer to Private Adaptin prior to the closing of the Merger, and to the Company and its subsidiaries after the closing of the Merger.

This
section discusses the material components of the executive compensation program for the Companys named executive officers who
appear in the 2024 Summary Compensation Table below. In 2024, the named executive officers and their positions
with the Company were as follows:

Michael
J. Roberts: President and Chief Executive Officer

Simon
C. Pedder: Executive Chairman

Timothy
L. Maness: Chief Financial Officer

This
discussion may contain forward-looking statements that are based on our current plans, considerations, expectations and determinations
regarding future compensation programs. Actual compensation programs that we adopt may differ materially from the currently planned programs
summarized in this discussion.

64

2024
and 2023 Summary Compensation Table

The
following table sets forth information concerning the compensation of the named executive officers for the Companys most recent
fiscal year.

Name
and principal position Year Salary Bonus Stock
awards Option
awards All
other compensation Total 

Simon
C. Pedder, PhD 

Executive Chairman 2024 -- -- -- -- $ 40,000 (1) $ 40,000 

2023 -- -- -- -- $ 10,000 (1) $ 10,000 

Michael
J. Roberts, PhD 

Chief Executive Officer 2024 -- -- -- -- $ 60,000 (2) $ 60,000 

2023 -- -- -- -- $ 15,000 (2) $ 15,000 

Timothy
L. Maness, CPA 

Chief Financial Officer 2024 -- -- -- -- $ 20,550 (3) $ 20,550 

2023 -- -- -- -- $ 34,200 (3) $ 34,200 

(1) Represents
amount paid to Dr. Pedder pursuant to the Compensation Agreement as described below.

(2) Represents
amount paid to MAC B Consulting LLC, which is owned by Dr. Roberts, pursuant to the Compensation
Agreement as described below.

(3) Represents
amount paid to Adamanteus LLC, which is owned by Mr. Maness, pursuant to the Consulting
Agreement as described below. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End

As
of the end of our most recently completed fiscal year, none of our named executive officers held any outstanding equity awards.

Pre-Merger
Agreements with Named Executive Officers

We
are currently party to compensation agreements with Dr. Pedder and an entity owned by Dr. Roberts, as well as a consulting agreement
with an entity owned by Mr. Maness. Descriptions of these agreements appear below. Upon closing of the Merger, these agreements were
terminated and replaced by employment agreements with each of Dr. Roberts, Dr. Pedder, and Mr. Maness. See Post-Merger Employment
Agreements with Named Executive Officers below.

Compensation
Agreement MAC B Consulting LLC. On October 1, 2023, the Company and MAC B Consulting LLC, d/b/a Michael J. Roberts entered
into a compensation agreement (the Roberts Compensation Agreement). Pursuant to the Roberts Compensation Agreement, Dr.
Roberts provides business and pharmaceutical development related services to the Company. The Roberts Compensation Agreement may be terminated
by the Company or Dr. Roberts upon 30 days prior written notice to the other party. Pursuant to the Roberts Compensation Agreement, Dr.
Roberts is entitled to receive cash compensation at a rate of $15,000 per month so long as the Company has sufficient funding.

65

Compensation
Agreement Simon C. Pedder. On October 1, 2023, the Company and Dr. Pedder entered into a compensation agreement (the Pedder
Compensation Agreement). Pursuant to the Pedder Compensation Agreement, Dr. Pedder provides business and pharmaceutical development
related services to the Company. The Pedder Compensation Agreement may be terminated by the Company or Dr. Pedder upon 30 days prior
written notice to the other party. Pursuant to the Pedder Compensation Agreement, Dr. Pedder is entitled to receive cash compensation
at a rate of $10,000 per month so long as the Company has sufficient funding.

Consulting
Agreement Adamanteus LLC. On May 31, 2023, the Company and Adamanteus LLC, d/b/a Timothy Maness entered into a consulting
agreement (the Maness Consulting Agreement). Pursuant to the Maness Consulting Agreement, Mr. Maness provides finance and
accounting services to the Company. The Maness Consulting Agreement was for an initial term of six months and has continued for subsequent
six-month terms in accordance with the terms of the Maness Consulting Agreement. The Maness Consulting Agreement may be terminated by
the Company or Mr. Maness upon 30 days prior written notice to the other party. Pursuant to the Maness Consulting Agreement, Mr. Maness
is entitled to receive cash compensation at a rate of $300 per hour.

Post-Merger
Employment Agreements with Named Executive Officers

We
entered into executive employment agreements with each of Dr. Roberts, Dr. Pedder, and Mr. Maness (each an Executive and
collectively, the Executives), which were effective upon the closing of the Merger. The agreements include customary non-competition,
non-solicitation, and confidentiality covenants; establish the Executives duties and compensation; and provide for their continued
employment with the Company. The discussion that follows summarizes certain other anticipated terms of these agreements.

Term.
The initial term of each of the employment agreements commenced upon the closing of the Merger and continue for a term of three years
in the case of Dr. Roberts and Dr. Pedder, and two years in the case of Mr. Maness, unless terminated sooner in accordance with the employment
agreement (see Termination below). After the initial term expires, the employment agreements will automatically
renew for successive one-year terms unless either the Company or the Executive provides written notice of their intent not to renew at
least 90 days prior to the expiration of the then-current term.

Board
Service. In the case of Drs. Roberts and Pedder, the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause these individuals
to be elected as members of the Companys board of directors throughout the terms of their employment agreements.

Base
Salary. The Company intends to pay each Executive a base salary at the following annual rates:

Dr.
Roberts $480,000

Dr.
Pedder $240,000

Mr.
Maness $240,000

These
salaries will be reviewed by the board of directors from time to time and may be increased in the board of directors sole discretion.
Salaries may not be reduced except in connection with an across-the-board reduction of executive-level salaries in which the Executive
will not be subject to a greater reduction, on a percentage basis, than any other executive- level employee.

Bonus.
For each calendar year, the Executives will be eligible to receive an annual bonus based on the following target amounts of each Executives
base salary:

Dr.
Roberts 50%

Dr.
Pedder 30%

Mr.
Maness 30%

The
actual amount of each annual bonus will depend on the level of achievement of the Companys corporate objectives and the Executives
individual objectives, in each case, as established by the board for the calendar year with respect to which such annual bonus relates.
The annual bonus for a calendar year, to the extent earned, will be paid in a lump sum in the following calendar year. The annual bonus
will not be deemed earned until the date that it is paid. Accordingly, in order for the Executive to receive an annual bonus, the Executive
must be actively employed by the Company at the time of such payment.

66

Equity
Compensation. Each Executive will be eligible to receive such equity grants or awards as may be approved by the board of directors
in its discretion.

Subject
to approval by the board of directors and the terms of the Companys equity compensation plan then in place, in the event the Company
issues additional securities raising aggregate funds of $10,000,000 (in one or more transactions), occurring, if at all, within two years
following the Merger (the Additional Financing Period), the Company will grant each Executive options to purchase a number
of shares of Common Stock of the Company (the Anti-Dilution Options) sufficient to ensure that their respective ownership
immediately following the Additional Financing Period, on a fully diluted basis and assuming the exercise of all outstanding options
(whether or not then exercisable) is equal to their respective ownership immediately following the Merger, as determined on a fully diluted
basis and assuming the exercise of all outstanding options (whether or not then exercisable). The per share exercise price of the Anti-Dilution
Options will be equal to the fair market value of a share of the Companys Common Stock on the date of grant, as determined by
the board of directors. The Anti-Dilution Options, if any, will become exercisable in four equal annual installments, in each case subject
to the continued employment of each Executive with the Company on the date each such vesting milestone is achieved, and will be subject
to the terms of the Companys equity incentive plan then in place and a related option grant agreement to be entered between Executive
and the Company.

Other
Benefits. Dr. Roberts and Dr. Pedder will each be entitled to no less than 25 paid vacation days per year. Mr. Maness will be entitled
to no less than 20 paid vacation days per year. The Executives will also be entitled to such other benefits, and to participate in such
benefit plans, as are generally made available to similarly situated senior executive employees of the Company. The Company will also
reimburse the Executives for all reasonable business expenses they incur in connection with the performance of their duties.

Termination.
The employment agreements may be terminated in the following circumstances:

Automatically
effective upon the Executives death.

By
the Company upon notice to the Executive in the event of the Executives disability.
Disability means the inability of the Executive to perform the essential functions
of their job for 90 consecutive days or for 120 days in any one-year period due to the condition
of the Executives physical, mental, or emotional health.

By
the Company for cause. Cause means the Executives (i) fraud, embezzlement
or misappropriation with respect to the Company; (ii) willful or grossly negligent misconduct
that has or may reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the property,
business, or reputation of the Company; (iii) material breach of their employment agreement;
(iv) willful failure or refusal to perform their material duties or willful failure to follow
any specific lawful instructions of the board of directors (in the case of Dr. Roberts and
Dr. Pedder) or the chief executive officer (in the case of Mr. Maness); (v) conviction or
plea of nolo contendere in respect of a felony or of a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude;
or (vi) material failure to comply with the Companys workplace rules, policies, or
procedures.

By
the Company for any reason other than for cause or the Executives disability.

By
the Executive for good reason. Good reason means the occurrence of any of the
following events without the Executives written consent: (i) the Companys requiring
the Executive to be based at any office or location more than 25 miles from their principal
work location, except for travel reasonably required in the performance of the Executives
responsibilities to the Company; (ii) a material reduction of the Executives base
salary not in compliance with their employment agreement; (iii) a material diminution of
the Executives authority, duties, or responsibilities; or (iv) the Companys
material breach of the Executives employment agreement. The Company will have an opportunity
to cure any such conditions following notice by the Executive.

By
the Executive upon 30 days written notice to the Company at any time for any reason.

67

Separation
Benefits Not in Connection with a Change in Control. If the Company terminates the Executives employment without cause or
if the Executive resigns for good reason, in either case not in connection with a change in control of the Company, then the Executive
will be entitled to the following benefits:

24
months of then-current base salary in the case of Dr. Roberts and Dr. Pedder, and 12 months
of then-current base salary in the case of Mr. Maness.

Continuation
of health insurance coverage for the Executive and their family for 18 months in the case
of Dr. Roberts and Dr. Pedder, and 12 months in the case or Mr. Maness, or until the Executive
becomes eligible for coverage under another employers plan.

The
Companys obligation to provide such benefits is conditioned upon the Executive executing, and not revoking, a release of claims
in a form acceptable to the Company.

Separation
Benefits in Connection with a Change in Control. If the Company terminates the Executives employment without cause, or if
the Executive resigns for good reason, in either case at the time of, or within six months following a change in control of the Company,
then the Executive will be entitled to the following benefits:

24
months of then-current base salary in the case of Dr. Roberts and Dr. Pedder, and 12 months
of then- current base salary in the case of Mr. Maness.

Accelerated
vesting of all equity awards such that all awards are deemed to have been vested as of the
date of termination.

Continuation
of health insurance coverage for the Executive and their family for 18 months in the case
of Dr. Roberts and Dr. Pedder, and 12 months in the case or Mr. Maness, or until the Executive
becomes eligible for coverage under another employers plan.

The
Companys obligation to provide such benefits is conditioned upon the Executive executing, and not revoking, a release of claims
in a form acceptable to the Company.

A
change in control means the occurrence of any of the following events:

Any
person, including a group (as such terms are used in Sections
13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) but excluding the Company, any entity controlling, controlled
by or under common control with the Company, any trustee, fiduciary or other person or entity
holding securities under any employee benefit plan or trust of the Company or any such entity,
and, with respect to any particular qualified participant of any equity incentive plan of
the Company (a Participant), the Participant and any group (as
such term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) of which the Participant is a
member), is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13(d)(3) under
the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 50%
or more of either (i) the combined voting power of the Companys then-outstanding securities;
or (ii) the Companys then-outstanding equity securities (in either such case other
than as a result of an acquisition of securities directly from the Company).

Any
consolidation or merger of the Company where the stockholders of the Company, immediately
prior to the consolidation or merger, would not, immediately after the consolidation or merger,
beneficially own, directly or indirectly, equity securities representing in the aggregate
50% or more of the combined voting power of the securities of the entity issuing cash or
securities in the consolidation or merger (or of its ultimate parent entity, if any).

Any
sale, lease, exclusive license, exchange or other transfer (in one transaction or a series
of transactions contemplated or arranged by any party as a single plan) of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Company, other than a sale or disposition by the Company of all
or substantially all of the Companys assets to an entity, at least 50% of the combined
voting power of the voting securities of which are owned by persons (as defined
above) in substantially the same proportion as their ownership of the Company immediately
prior to such sale.

The
members of the board at the beginning of any consecutive 24-calendar-month period (the Incumbent
Directors) cease for any reason other than due to death to constitute at least a majority
of the members of the board; provided that any director whose election, or nomination for
election by the Companys stockholders, was approved or ratified by a vote of at least
a majority of the members of the board of directors then still in office who were members
of the board of directors at the beginning of such 24-calendar-month period, will be deemed
to be an Incumbent Director.

68

Indemnification.
The Company will indemnify each Executive and hold them harmless in connection with the defense of any lawsuit or other claim to which
they are made a party by reason of being an officer, director, or employee of the Company, to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware
law. This indemnification obligation does not extend to claims arising out of the Executives willful misconduct. In addition,
the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain directors and officers liability insurance for each Executive
for acts and omissions occurring during Executives employment with the Company.

Description
of the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan

Following
is a summary of the principal features of the Companys 2025 Equity Incentive Plan, which we refer to as the 2025 Plan.

Key
Provisions

Following
are the key provisions of the 2025 Plan:

Provisions
of the 2025 Plan Description

Share Reserve: As of the date of this Report, up to 2,196,390
shares of Common Stock are reserved under the 2025 Plan.

For a period of ten years commencing on
February 11, 2025 and ending on (and including) February 11, 2035, the share reserve under the 2025 Plan will be increased by an amount
equal to the lesser of (i) 4% of the number of shares outstanding as of December 31 of the immediately preceding calendar year or
(ii) such lesser number of shares as determined by the board of directors prior to January 1 of a particular calendar year.

The reserved shares will be reduced (i)
by one share for each share granted pursuant to awards awarded under the 2025 Plan, and (ii) to the extent cash is delivered in lieu
of shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of a stock appreciation right, we will be deemed to have issued the number of shares
of Common Stock which it was entitled to issue upon such exercise.

Award Types: Incentive and nonstatutory stock options

Stock appreciation rights (SARs)

Restricted stock awards

Restricted stock unit awards (RSUs)

Dividend equivalent rights

Vesting: Determined by our board of directors or
a committee designated by our board of directors.

Repricing: Repricing of
outstanding stock awards is not permitted without the approval of our stockholders, except for certain proportionate capitalization
adjustments as set forth in the 2025 Plan.

Termination Date: February 11, 2035

Administration

The
2025 Plan will be administered by our board of directors or a committee designated by our board of directors. With respect to grants
of awards to our officers or directors, the 2025 Plan will be administered by our board of directors or a designated committee in a manner
that permits such grants and related transactions to be exempt from Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act. The plan administrator will have
the full authority to select recipients of the grants, determine the extent of the grants, establish additional terms, conditions, rules,
or procedures to accommodate rules or laws of applicable non-United States jurisdictions, adjust awards, and to take any other action
deemed appropriate; however, no action may be taken that is inconsistent with the terms of the 2025 Plan.

69

To
the extent permitted by applicable law, the board of directors may delegate to a committee of one or more officers of the Company the
authority to make awards or to take other actions pursuant to the 2025 Plan, but in no event shall an officer be delegated the authority
to grant awards to, or amend awards held by, individuals who are subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, members of the board of directors,
or officers to whom authority to grant or amend awards has been delegated. Any such delegation will be subject to the restrictions and
limits that the board of directors specifies at the time of such delegation, and may be rescinded at any time by the board of directors.

Available
Shares

Subject
to annual adjustment and upon certain corporate transactions or events, the maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock which
may be issued pursuant to all awards under the 2025 Plan is up to 2,196,390 shares as of the date of this Report.

For
a period of ten years commencing on February 11, 2025 and ending on (and including) February 11, 2035, the share reserve described above
will be increased by an amount equal to the lesser of (i) 4% of the number of shares outstanding as of December 31 of the immediately
preceding calendar year or (ii) such lesser number of shares as determined by the board of directors prior to January 1 of a particular
calendar year.

Any
shares covered by an award that is forfeited, canceled, or expires will be deemed to have not been issued for purposes of determining
the maximum aggregate number of shares which may be issued under the 2025 Plan. Shares that actually have been issued under the 2025
Plan pursuant to an award will not be returned to the 2025 Plan and will not become available for future issuance under the 2025 Plan,
other than unvested shares that are forfeited or repurchased by us. In the event any option or other award granted under the 2025 Plan
is exercised through the tendering of shares (either actually or through attestation), or in the event tax withholding obligations are
satisfied by tendering or withholding shares, any shares so tendered or withheld are not again available for awards under the 2025 Plan.
To the extent that cash is delivered in lieu of shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of an SAR, then we will be deemed, for purposes
of applying the limitation on the number of shares, to have issued the number of shares of Common Stock which were otherwise issuable
upon such exercise. Shares of Common Stock we reacquire on the open market or otherwise using cash proceeds from the exercise of options
will not be available for awards under the 2025 Plan.

Dividends

No
dividend or dividend equivalent will be paid on any unvested award, although the plan administrator may provide in an award agreement
that dividends with respect to unvested portions of awards may accrue and be paid when and if the awards vest and shares are actually
issued to the participant.

Eligibility
and Types of Awards

The
2025 Plan will permit us to grant stock awards, including stock options, SARs, restricted stock, RSUs, and dividend equivalent rights
to our employees, directors, and consultants.

Stock
Options

A
stock option may be an incentive stock option within the meaning of, and qualifying under, Section 422 of the Code, or a nonstatutory
stock option. However, only our employees (or employees of our parent or subsidiaries, if any) may be granted incentive stock options.
Incentive and nonstatutory stock options are granted pursuant to option agreements adopted by the plan administrator. The plan administrator
will determine the exercise price for a stock option, within the terms and conditions of the 2025 Plan provided that the exercise price
of a stock option cannot be less than 100% of the fair market value of our Common Stock on the date of grant (or 110% of the fair market
value in the case of certain incentive stock options, as described below). Options granted under the 2025 Plan will become exercisable
at the rate specified by the plan administrator.

70

The
plan administrator will determine the term of the stock options granted under the 2025 Plan up to a maximum of ten years, except in the
case of certain incentive stock options, as described below. Unless the terms of an optionholders stock option agreement provide
otherwise, if an optionholders relationship with us, or any of our affiliates, ceases for any reason other than disability or
death, the optionholder may exercise any options otherwise exercisable as of the date of termination, but only during the post-termination
exercise period designated in the optionholders stock option award agreement. The optionholders stock option award agreement
may provide that upon the termination of the optionholders relationship with us for cause, the optionholders right to exercise
his or her options will terminate concurrently with the termination of the relationship. If an optionholders service relationship
with us, or any of our affiliates, ceases due to disability or death, or an optionholder dies within a certain period following cessation
of service, the optionholder or his or her estate or person who acquired the right to exercise the award by bequest or inheritance may
exercise any vested options for a period of 12 months. The option term may be extended in the event that exercise of the option within
the applicable time periods is prohibited by applicable securities laws or such longer period as specified in the stock option award
agreement but in no event beyond the expiration of its term.

Acceptable
consideration for the purchase of Common Stock issued upon the exercise of a stock option will be determined by the plan
administrator and may include (i) cash or check, (ii) a broker-assisted cashless exercise, (iii) the tender of Common Stock
previously owned by the optionholder, (iv) a net exercise of the option, (v) past or future services rendered, and (vi) any
combination of the foregoing methods of payment.

Unless
the plan administrator provides otherwise, awards generally are not transferable, except by will or the laws of descent and distribution.
Incentive stock options may be granted only to our employees (or to employees of our parent company and subsidiaries, if any). To the
extent that the aggregate fair market value, determined at the time of grant, of shares of our Common Stock with respect to which incentive
stock options are exercisable for the first time by an optionholder during any calendar year under any of our equity plans exceeds $100,000,
such options will not qualify as incentive stock options and will instead be treated as nonstatutory stock options. A stock option granted
to any employee who, at the time of the grant, owns or is deemed to own stock representing more than 10% of the voting power of all classes
of our stock (or that of our parent or subsidiaries, if any) may not be an incentive stock option unless (i) the option exercise price
is at least 110% of the fair market value of the stock subject to the option on the date of grant, and (ii) the term of the incentive
stock option does not exceed five years from the date of grant.

Stock
Appreciation Rights

SARs
may be granted under the 2025 Plan either concurrently with the grant of an option or alone, without reference to any related stock option.
The plan administrator will determine both the number of shares of Common Stock related to each SAR and the exercise price for an SAR,
within the terms and conditions of the 2025 Plan, provided that the exercise price of an SAR cannot be less than 100% of the fair market
value of the Common Stock subject thereto on the date of grant. In the case of an SAR granted concurrently with a stock option, the number
of shares of Common Stock to which the SAR relates will be reduced in the same proportion that the holder of the stock option exercises
the related option.

The
plan administrator will determine whether to deliver cash in lieu of shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of an SAR. If Common Stock
is issued, the number of shares of Common Stock that will be issued upon the exercise of an SAR is determined by dividing (i) the number
of shares of Common Stock as to which the SAR is exercised multiplied by the amount of the appreciation in such shares, by (ii) the fair
market value of a share of Common Stock on the exercise date.

If
the plan administrator elects to pay the holder of the SAR cash in lieu of shares of Common Stock, the holder of the SAR will receive
cash equal to the fair market value on the exercise date of any or all of the shares that would otherwise be issuable.

The
exercise of an SAR related to a stock option is permissible only to the extent that the stock option is exercisable under the terms of
the 2025 Plan on the date of surrender. Any incentive stock option surrendered will be deemed to have been converted into a nonstatutory
stock option immediately prior to such surrender.

71

Restricted
Stock

Restricted
stock awards are awards of shares of our Common Stock that are subject to established terms and conditions. The plan administrator sets
the terms of the restricted stock awards, including the size of the restricted stock award, the price (if any) to be paid by the recipient,
and the vesting schedule and criteria (which may include continued service to us for a period of time or the achievement of performance
criteria). If a participants service terminates before the restricted stock is fully vested, all of the unvested shares generally
will be forfeited to, or repurchased by, us.

Restricted
Stock Units

An
RSU is a right to receive stock, cash equal to the value of a share of stock, or other securities, or a combination of the three at the
end of a set period or the attainment of performance criteria. No stock is issued at the time of grant. The plan administrator sets the
terms of the RSU award, including the size of the RSU award, the consideration (if any) to be paid by the recipient, vesting schedule,
and criteria and form (stock or cash) in which the award will be settled. If a participants service terminates before the RSU
is fully vested, the unvested portion of the RSU award generally will be forfeited to us.

Dividend
Equivalent Rights

Dividend
equivalent rights entitle the recipient to compensation measured by dividends paid with respect to a specified number of shares of Common
Stock. The plan administrator sets the terms of any award of dividend equivalent rights.

Performance-Based
Compensation

The
2025 Plan establishes procedures for the Company to grant performance-based awards, meaning awards structured so that they will vest
only upon the achievement of performance criteria established by the plan administrator for a specified performance period. Performance
criteria may be measured on an absolute (e.g., plan or budget) or relative basis, and may be established on a corporate-wide basis or
with respect to one or more business units, divisions, subsidiaries or business segments, or may be established on an individual basis.
Relative performance may be measured against a group of peer companies, a financial market index or other acceptable objective and quantifiable
indices. The plan administrator will have the discretion to adjust the minimum level of achievement required for achievement of performance
awards if the plan administrator determines that a change in our business, operations, corporate structure or capital structure, the
manner in which we conduct our business, or other events or circumstances render the performance objectives unsuitable. The plan administrator
will also have the discretion to adjust the performance objectives for other material events not originally contemplated when the performance
objectives were established, such as extraordinary gains and losses, the effect of changes in accounting standards or principles, acquisitions
or divestitures, changes in tax rules or regulations, capital transactions, restructuring, nonrecurring gains or losses or other unusual
items.

The
business measures that may be used to establish the performance criteria may include one of, or combination of, the following:

Net
earnings or net income (before or after taxes);

Earnings
per share;

Net
sales growth;

Net
operating profit;

Return
measures (including, but not limited to, return on assets, capital, equity, or sales);

Cash
flow (including, but not limited to, operating cash flow, free cash flow, and cash flow return
on capital);

Cash
flow per share;

Earnings
before or after taxes, interest, depreciation, and/or amortization;

Gross
or operating margins;

72

Productivity
ratios;

Share
price (including, but not limited to, growth measures and total stockholder return);

Expense
targets or ratios;

Charge-off
levels;

Improvement
in or attainment of revenue levels;

Operating
efficiency;

Operating
expenses;

Economic
value added;

Improvement
in or attainment of expense levels;

Improvement
in or attainment of working capital levels;

Debt
reduction;

Capital
targets;

Consummation
of acquisitions, dispositions, projects, or other specific events or transactions; or

Other
significant business milestones.

Corporate
Transactions

Effective
upon the consummation of a corporate transaction, all outstanding awards under the 2025 Plan will terminate unless they are assumed in
connection with the corporate transaction.

The
plan administrator has the authority to determine, before or at the time of any corporate transaction, the impact that the corporate
transaction will have on outstanding awards under the 2025 Plan. For example, the plan administrator may determine that (i) awards will
vest and become exercisable, or that other restrictions on such awards will lapse, (ii) awards will be assumed by the surviving corporation
in the corporate transaction or replaced with awards that have substantially equivalent terms, (iii) participants will receive a payment
in satisfaction of outstanding awards, and (iv) in the case of options and SARs, participants will receive a payment in an amount equal
to the amount, if any, by which the fair market value of the shares subject to award exceeds the exercise price. The plan administrator
is not required to treat all awards in the same way.

Compensation
Recovery (Clawback) Policy

All
awards under the 2025 Plan will be subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture or recoupment to the extent necessary to comply with
any applicable compensation recovery, clawback, forfeiture or other similar policy adopted by our board of directors and as in effect
from time to time or applicable law. Further, to the extent that a participant receives any amount in excess of the amount that the participant
should otherwise have received under the terms of an award for any reason (including, without limitation, by reason of a financial restatement,
mistake in calculations or other administrative error), the participant may be required to repay any such excess amount to the Company.

Amendment
and Termination

Our
board of directors generally may amend, suspend, or terminate the 2025 Plan. However, it may not amend the 2025 Plan without stockholder
approval for certain actions, such as an increase in the number of shares reserved under the 2025 Plan, modifications to the provisions
of the 2025 Plan regarding the grant of incentive stock options, modifications to the provisions of the 2025 Plan regarding the exercise
prices at which shares may be offered pursuant to options, extension of the expiration date of the 2025 Plan, and certain modifications
to awards, such as reducing the exercise price per share, canceling and regranting new awards with lower prices per share than the original
prices per share of the cancelled awards, or canceling any awards in exchange for cash or the grant of replacement awards with an exercise
price that is less than the exercise price of the original awards.

Tax
Withholding

The
plan administrator may require a participant to satisfy any federal, state, local, or foreign tax withholding obligation relating to
a stock award by (i) causing the participant to tender a cash payment, (ii) withholding shares of Common Stock from the shares of Common
Stock issued or otherwise issuable to the participant in connection with the award, (iii) delivering to the Company already-owned shares
of Common Stock, (iv) selling shares of Common Stock from the shares of Common Stock issued or otherwise issuable to the participant
in connection with the award, (v) withholding cash from an award settled in cash or other amounts payable to the participant, and/or
(vi) any other means that the plan administrator determines both to comply with applicable laws and be consistent with the purposes of
the 2025 Plan.

73

Summary
of United States Federal Income Tax Aspects Related to 2025 Plan

The
following summary is intended only as a general guide to certain United States federal income tax consequences under current law of participation
in the 2025 Plan and does not attempt to describe all possible federal or other tax consequences of such participation or tax consequences
based on any participants particular circumstances. The summary does not purport to be complete, and it does not address the tax
consequences of the participants death, any tax laws of any municipality, state or foreign country in which a participant might
reside, or any other laws other than United States federal income tax laws. Furthermore, the tax consequences are complex and subject
to change, and a participants particular situation may be such that some variation of the described rules is applicable. Recipients
of awards under the 2025 Plan should consult their own tax advisors to determine the tax consequences to them as a result of their particular
circumstances.

Incentive
Stock Options

A
participant recognizes no taxable income for regular income tax purposes as a result of the grant or exercise of an incentive stock option
qualifying under Section 422 of the Code.

If
a participant holds stock acquired through exercise of an incentive stock option for more than two years from the date on which the option
was granted and more than one year after the date the option was exercised for those shares, any gain or loss on a disposition of those
shares (a qualifying disposition) will be a long-term capital gain or loss. Upon such a qualifying disposition, we will
not be entitled to any income tax deduction.

If
a participant disposes of underlying shares within two years after the date of grant of the option or within one year after the date
of exercise of the option (a disqualifying disposition), the difference between the fair market value of the shares on
the option exercise date and the exercise price (not to exceed the gain realized on the sale if the disposition is a transaction with
respect to which a loss, if sustained, would be recognized) will be taxed to the participant as ordinary income at the time of disposition.
Any gain in excess of that amount will be a capital gain. If a loss is recognized, there will be no ordinary income, and such loss will
be a capital loss. To the extent the participant recognizes ordinary income by reason of a disqualifying disposition, generally we will
be entitled (subject to the requirement of reasonableness, the provisions of Section 162(m) and other provisions of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) limiting the deduction of compensation, and the satisfaction of a tax-reporting obligation)
to a corresponding income tax deduction in the tax year in which the disqualifying disposition occurs.

The
difference between the option exercise price and the fair market value of the shares on the exercise date of an incentive stock option
is treated as an adjustment in computing the participants alternative minimum taxable income and may subject the participant to
alternative minimum tax liability for the year of exercise. Special rules may apply after exercise for (i) sales of the shares in a disqualifying
disposition, (ii) basis adjustments for computing alternative minimum taxable income on a subsequent sale of the shares, and (iii) tax
credits that may be available to participants subject to the alternative minimum tax.

Nonstatutory
Stock Options

Options
not qualifying as incentive stock options, along with options expressly designated as nonstatutory stock options, will be nonstatutory
stock options having no special tax status. A participant generally recognizes no taxable income upon the grant of such an option so
long as (i) the exercise price is not less than the fair market value of the stock on the date of grant, and (ii) the option (and not
the underlying stock) at such time does not have a readily ascertainable fair market value (as defined in Treasury Regulations under
the Code). Upon exercise of a nonstatutory stock option, the participant normally recognizes ordinary income in the amount of the difference
between the option exercise price and the then-fair market value of the shares purchased. If the participant is an employee, such ordinary
income amount will be subject to withholding of income and employment taxes. Generally, the Company will be entitled (subject to the
requirement of reasonableness, the provisions of Section 162(m) and other provisions of the Code limiting the deduction of compensation,
and the satisfaction of a tax-reporting obligation) to an income tax deduction in the tax year in which such ordinary income is recognized
by the participant.

74

Upon
the disposition of stock acquired by the exercise of a nonstatutory stock option, any recognized gain or loss, based on the difference
between the sale price and the fair market value on the exercise date, will be taxed as capital gain or loss, which will be short-term
or long-term gain or loss, depending on the holding period of the stock.

Stock
Appreciation Rights

A
participant will not normally recognize taxable income upon the receipt of an SAR. Upon the exercise of an SAR, the participant will
recognize ordinary income in an amount equal to the excess of the fair market value of the underlying shares of Common Stock on the exercise
date over the exercise price. If the participant is an employee, such ordinary income generally is subject to withholding of income and
employment taxes. The Company generally will be entitled to a deduction equal to the amount of ordinary income recognized by the participant
in connection with the exercise of the SAR (subject to the requirement of reasonableness, the provisions of Section 162(m) and other
provisions of the Code limiting the deduction of compensation, and the satisfaction of a tax-reporting obligation).

Restricted
Stock

A
participant acquiring restricted stock generally will recognize ordinary income equal to the difference between the fair market value
of the shares on the determination date (as defined below) and their purchase price, if any. If the participant is an employee,
such ordinary income generally is subject to withholding of income and employment taxes.

The
determination date is the date on which the participant acquires the shares unless they are subject to a substantial risk
of forfeiture and are not transferable, in which case the determination date is the earliest of (i) the date the shares become transferable,
(ii) the date the shares are no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture, or (iii) the date the shares are acquired if the
participant makes a timely election under Code Section 83(b). If the shares are subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture and not transferable
when issued, the participant may elect, pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Code, to have the date of acquisition be the determination date
by filing an election with the Internal Revenue Service, and other provisions, no later than 30 days after the date the shares are acquired.

Upon
the taxable disposition of shares acquired pursuant to a restricted stock award, any gain or loss, based on the difference between the
sale price and the fair market value on the determination date, will generally be taxed as capital gain or loss; however, for any shares
returned to the Company pursuant to a forfeiture provision, a participants loss may be computed based only on the purchase price
(if any) of the shares and may not take into account any income recognized by reason of a Section 83(b) election. Such gain or loss will
be long-term or short- term depending on whether the stock was held for more than one year.

We
generally will be entitled (subject to the requirement of reasonableness, the provisions of Section 162(m) and other provisions of the
Code limiting the deduction of compensation, and the satisfaction of a tax reporting obligation) to a corresponding income tax deduction
in the year in which the ordinary income from restricted stock is recognized by the participant.

Restricted
Stock Units

A
participant will not normally recognize taxable income upon receipt of an RSU award. In general, the participant will recognize ordinary
income in the year in which the units vest and are settled in an amount equal to any cash received and/or the fair market value of any
nonrestricted shares received. If the participant is an employee, such ordinary income generally is subject to withholding of income
and employment taxes. We generally will be entitled (subject to the requirement of reasonableness, the provisions of Section 162(m) and
other provisions of the Code limiting the deduction of compensation, and the satisfaction of a tax reporting obligation) to an income
tax deduction equal to the amount of ordinary income recognized by the participant.

75

Dividend
Equivalent Rights

A
recipient of dividend equivalent rights generally will recognize ordinary income at the time the dividend equivalent right is paid. If
the participant is an employee, such ordinary income generally is subject to withholding of income and employment taxes. We will generally
be entitled (subject to the requirement of reasonableness, the provisions of Section 162(m) and other provisions of the Code limiting
the deduction of compensation, and the satisfaction of a tax reporting obligation) to an income tax deduction equal to the amount of
ordinary income recognized by the participant.

Other
Awards

We
generally will be entitled to an income tax deduction in connection with an award under the 2025 Plan in an amount equal to the ordinary
income realized by the participant at the time the participant recognizes such income (subject to the requirement of reasonableness,
the provisions of Section 162(m) and other provisions of the Code limiting the deduction of compensation, and the satisfaction of a tax-reporting
obligation). Participants typically are subject to income (and employment) tax and recognize such tax at the time that an award is granted,
exercised, vests, or becomes nonforfeitable, unless the award provides for a further deferral.

Section
409A

Section
409A of the Code (Section 409A) imposes certain requirements on nonqualified deferred compensation arrangements. Most awards
granted under the 2025 Plan will be designed to qualify for an exemption from the requirements of Section 409A. Certain awards under
the 2025 Plan, however, may be subject to the requirements of Section 409A in form and in operation. Awards that are subject to Section
409A will generally be designed to meet the conditions under Section 409A for avoiding the adverse tax consequences resulting from a
failure to comply with Section 409A. If an award under the 2025 Plan is subject to Section 409A and fails to satisfy the requirements
of Section 409A, the recipient of that award may recognize ordinary income on the amounts deferred under the award, to the extent vested,
which may be before the compensation is actually or constructively received.

Also,
if an award that is subject to Section 409A fails to comply with the requirements of Section 409A, Section 409A imposes an additional
20% tax on the participants compensation recognized as ordinary income, as well as interest on such deferred compensation.

Impact
of Section 162(m) on Tax Deductibility of Awards Under the 2025 Plan

Section
162(m) of the Code limits the deductibility for federal income tax purposes of certain compensation paid to any of our covered employees
in excess of $1 million. For purposes of Section 162(m), the term covered employee generally includes our chief executive
officer, our chief financial officer, our three other most highly compensated officers, any individual who was a covered employee for
any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2016, and, for any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2026, the next five highest-compensated
employees. Compensation attributable to awards under the 2025 Plan either on its own or when combined with all other types of compensation
received by a covered employee from the Company, may cause this limitation to be exceeded in any particular year. In addition, the Companys
ability to realize the benefit of any tax deductions described above depends on our generation of taxable income as well as the requirement
of reasonableness, other limitations on deductions in the Code and the satisfaction of tax reporting obligations.

2025
Plan Benefits

The
2025 Plan does not provide for set benefits or amounts of awards and we have not approved any stock awards that are conditioned on stockholder
approval of the 2025 Plan. We have not approved any stock awards under the 2025 Plan in connection with the Merger. All future awards
to directors, executive officers, employees and consultants under the 2025 Plan are discretionary and cannot be determined at this time.

76

CERTAIN
RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Transactions
with Lucius Partners and Related Persons

On
March 10, 2022, Unite Acquisition issued an aggregate of 5,000,000 shares of Common Stock to its sole stockholder, Lucius Partners, for
an aggregate purchase price equal to $500, pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the Common Stock Purchase Agreement with
Lucius Partners. The Company issued these shares of Common Stock under the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of
the Securities Act.

Also
on March 10, 2022, Unite Acquisition issued an unsecured promissory note to Lucius Partners, pursuant to which the Company agreed to
repay Lucius Partners the sum of any and all amounts that Lucius Partners may advance to the Company on or before the date that the Company
consummates a business combination with a private company or reverse takeover transaction or other transaction after which the Company
would cease to be a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act). The Company has used the proceeds from the note
to cover its expenses. Interest did not accrue on the outstanding principal amount of the note except if an Event of Default (as defined
in the note) has occurred. In the event of an Event of Default, the entire note shall automatically become due and payable (the Default
Date), and starting from five days after the Default Date, the interest rate on the note shall accrue at the rate of 18% per annum.
As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the amount due under the note payable was $137,764 and $81,219, respectively.

Also
effective March 10, 2022, Unite Acquisition entered into a services agreement with Lucius Partners, pursuant to which Unite Acquisition
paid Lucius Partners a quarterly fee of $1,250 for advisory, accounting, and administrative support services. Unite Acquisition
used the office space and equipment of its management under this agreement. This services agreement was terminated in connection with
the Merger.

On
October 28, 2024, Unite Acquisition issued an unsecured promissory note (the October 2024 Note) to Lucius Partners
Opportunity Fund, LP (LPOF) and received $275,000. The annual interest rate on the promissory note is 12%. The note matures
on October 28, 2025, and can be prepaid at any time without penalty. Unite Acquisition used the proceeds to pay off the note to Lucius
Partners described above and the director fees owed to Nathan Pereira and other accrued expenses. The general partner of the new lender
LPOF is Lucius Capital Partners LLC (LCP). The investment manager of LPOF is Lucius Capital Fund Management, LLC (LCFM).
Lucius Partners, LCP and LCFM have two individuals in common as members. The October 2024 Note was repaid in connection with the Merger
and Offering.

Following the closing of the Offering, pursuant
to an Advisory Services Agreement dated February 11, 2025 with Lucius Partners, the combined Company will pay to Lucius Partners a cash
fee of $180,000 for advisory services during the first year following such closing, and has agreed to pay Lucius Partners for advisory
services, in advance for four consecutive three-month periods, commencing on the first day of the month that is the first full month 12
months or more after the closing, a cash fee of $45,000 for one year (such two-year period, the Advisory Period). The Advisory
Period can be renewed for additional one-year periods upon written request by the Company within 60 days prior to the expiry of any Advisory
Period.

Policies
and Procedures for Related Person Transactions

Our
Audit Committee has the primary responsibility for reviewing and approving or disapproving related party transactions,
as defined in applicable SEC rules and regulations. As provided in the Audit Committee charter, in approving or rejecting any such transaction,
our Audit Committee is to consider the relevant facts and circumstances available and deemed relevant to it, including, among other factors,
whether the terms or other aspects of the transaction differ from those that would likely be negotiated with independent third parties.

All
of the transactions described in this section were entered into prior to the adoption of the Audit Committee charter. Although we have
not had a written policy for the review and approval of transactions with related persons, our board of directors has historically reviewed
and approved any transaction where a director or officer had a financial interest, including the transactions described above. Prior
to approving such a transaction, the material facts as to the relationship or interest of the relevant related person in the agreement
or transaction were disclosed to our board of directors. Our board of directors took this information into account when evaluating the
transaction and in determining whether such transaction was fair to us and in the best interest of all our stockholders.

77

POTENTIAL
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST

The
sole holder of Unite Acquisition prior to the Merger, Lucius Partners, holds 3,250,000 shares of Common Stock after the Merger, which
represents 40.2% of the outstanding shares of the combined Company as of the date of this Report. Lucius Partners purchased its shares
upon formation of the Company for a nominal price. Matthew Eitner, the Chief Executive Officer of the Placement Agent, James Ahern, the
Managing Partner of the Placement Agent, and Patrick Gallagher, a member of our board of directors, a Managing Director of the Placement
Agent, are members and managers and/or officers of Lucius Partners, and therefore are indirectly material stakeholders of the Company.
Anthony Zook is also a member of the board of directors of the Company and is a member of Lucius Partners. The Placement Agent and/or
its designees hold warrants to purchase an aggregate of 270,204 shares of our Common Stock. Therefore, following the Merger, such persons
can exert substantial control over matters requiring the approval of our stockholders.

Additionally,
Lucius Partners has received, and will continue to receive after the Merger, fees from us for advisory and certain other services to
the Company, as described above under Certain Relationships and Related Party TransactionsTransactions with Lucius Partners
and Related Persons. Lucius has acted as Unite Acquisitions advisor from inception and has provided certain services
to Unite Acquisition including, but not limited to, formation and development work, strategic advisory services, operational support
services, legal and accounting referral services, working capital and financial strategy and compliance direction services, including
but limited to identifying Private Adaptin as a potential merger candidate and assisting Unite Acquisition in all aspect of its development
through the Merger.

See
Risk Factors - Our principal stockholders will have significant influence over the election of our board of directors and approval of
any significant corporate actions, including any sale of the Company
and Certain Relationships and Related Party TransactionsTransactions with Lucius Partners and Related Persons
above.

78

PRINCIPAL
STOCKHOLDERS

The
following table sets forth certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of February 11, 2025,
immediately following the closing of the Merger and the Offering, by:

each of our named executive
officers;

each of our directors;

all of our current directors
and executive officers as a group; and

each person, or group of
affiliated persons, who beneficially owned more than 5% of our Common Stock.

We
have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC, and the information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial
ownership for any other purpose. Except as indicated by the footnotes below, we believe, based on information furnished to us, that the
persons and entities named in the table below have sole voting and sole investment power with respect to all shares of Common Stock that
they beneficially owned, subject to applicable community property laws.

The percentage of shares beneficially owned is
computed on the basis of 8,081,953 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of February 11, 2025, after giving effect to the Merger and the
closing of the Offering. Shares of Common Stock that a person has the right to acquire within 60 days of February 11, 2025 are deemed
outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of the person holding such rights, but are not deemed outstanding for purposes
of computing the percentage ownership of any other person, except with respect to the percentage ownership of all directors and executive
officers as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner in the table below is 3540 Toringdon Way, Suite
200, #250 Charlotte, NC 28277.

Name Shares
of

Common

Stock

Beneficially

Owned Percentage of 

Common

Stock

Beneficially

Owned 

5% Stockholders 

Lucius Partners
LLC(1) 3,520,204 42.15 %

Directors and Named Executive
Officers 

Michael J. Roberts, PhD 2,159,468 26.72 %

Simon C. Pedder, PhD 928,571 11.49 %

Timothy L. Maness, CPA - - 

L. Arthur Hewitt, PhD - - 

Patrick Gallagher - - 

Anthony Zook - - 

J. Nick Riehle - - 

All directors and executive officers as
a group (7 persons) 3,088,039 38.21 %

(1) Includes
270,204 shares of our Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of immediately vested warrants
the Placement Agent and/or its designees hold as of February 11, 2025. Matthew Eitner, the
Chief Executive Officer of the Placement Agent, James Ahern, the Managing Partner of the
Placement Agent, and Patrick Gallagher, a Managing Director of the Placement Agent, are managing
members, members and/or officers of Lucius Partners. Mr. Eitner, but not Messrs. Ahern and
Gallagher, has voting and investment control over securities held by the Placement Agent
and Lucius Partners.

79

MARKET
PRICE OF AND DIVIDENDS ON THE REGISTRANTS COMMON EQUITY

AND
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

Our
Common Stock is not listed on a national securities exchange, an over-the-counter market or any other exchange. Therefore, there is no
trading market, active or otherwise, for our Common Stock and our Common Stock may never be included for trading on any stock exchange,
automated quotation system or any over-the-counter market.

As
of the date of this Report, we have 8,081,953 shares of Common Stock outstanding held by 114 stockholders of record.

Dividend
Policy

We
have never paid any cash dividends on our capital stock and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable
future. We intend to retain future earnings to fund ongoing operations and future capital requirements. Any future determination to pay
cash dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will be dependent upon financial condition, results of operations,
capital requirements and such other factors as the board of directors deems relevant.

Shares
Eligible for Future Sale

Prior
to the Merger, there has been a limited public market for our Common Stock. Future sales of our Common Stock, including shares issued
upon the exercise of options or warrants that we may issue, in the public market after the Merger, or the perception that those sales
may occur, could cause the prevailing price for our Common Stock to fall or impair our ability to raise equity capital in the future.
As described below, only a limited number of shares of our Common Stock will be available for sale in the public market for a period
of several months after consummation of the Merger due to contractual and legal restrictions on resale described below. Future sales
of our Common Stock in the public market either before (to the extent permitted) or after restrictions lapse, or the perception that
those sales may occur, could adversely affect the prevailing price of our Common Stock at such time and our ability to raise equity capital
at a time and price we deem appropriate.

Upon
the closing of the Offering, we had 8,081,953 shares of Common Stock outstanding, of which our directors and executive officers beneficially
own an aggregate of 3,088,039 shares. Of those outstanding shares, no shares of Common Stock are freely tradable, without restriction,
as of the date of this Report. No shares issued in connection with the Merger or the Offering can be publicly sold under Rule 144 under
the Securities Act until 12 months after the date of filing this Report.

Sale
of Restricted Shares

All
of the approximately 8,081,953 shares of Common Stock outstanding upon completion of the Merger and the initial Offering are
restricted securities as such term is defined in Rule 144. These restricted securities were issued and sold by us in
private transactions and are eligible for public sale only if registered under the Securities Act or if they qualify for an
exemption from registration under the Securities Act, including the exemptions provided by Rule 144, which rules are summarized
below.

Rule 144

Pursuant
to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, sales of the securities of a former shell company, such as us, under that rule are
not permitted (i) until at least 12 months have elapsed from the date on which this Report, reflecting our status as a non-shell
company, is filed with the SEC and (ii) unless at the time of a proposed sale, we are subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and have filed all reports and other materials required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months, other than Current Reports on Form 8-K. Our stockholders will be forced to hold their
shares of our Common Stock for at least the 12-month period after this Report is filed before they are eligible to sell those shares,
and even after that 12-month period, sales may not be made under Rule 144 unless we and the selling stockholders are in compliance with
other requirements of Rule 144.

80

In
general, Rule 144 provides that (i) any of our non-affiliates that has held restricted Common Stock for at least 12 months is thereafter
entitled to sell its restricted stock freely and without restriction, provided that we remain compliant and current with our SEC reporting
obligations, and (ii) any of our affiliates, which includes our directors, executive officers and other person in control of us,
that has held restricted Common Stock for at least 12 months is thereafter entitled to sell its restricted stock subject to the following
restrictions: (a) we are compliant and current with our SEC reporting obligations, (b) certain manner of sale provisions are
satisfied, (c) a Form 144 is filed with the SEC, and (d) certain volume limitations are satisfied, which limit the sale of
shares within any three-month period to a number of shares that does not exceed 1% of the total number of outstanding shares or, if our
Common Stock is then listed or quoted for trading on a national securities exchange, then the greater of 1% of the total number of outstanding
shares and the average weekly trading volume of our Common Stock during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of the Form 144
with respect to the sale. A person who has ceased to be an affiliate at least three months immediately preceding the sale and who has
owned such shares of Common Stock for at least one year is entitled to sell the shares under Rule 144 without regard to any of the limitations
described above.

Regulation
S

Regulation
S under the Securities Act provides that shares owned by any person may be sold without registration in the United States, provided that
the sale is effected in an offshore transaction and no directed selling efforts are made in the United States (as these terms are defined
in Regulation S), subject to certain other conditions. In general, this means that our shares of Common Stock may be sold in some other
manner outside the United States without requiring registration in the United States.

Stock
Plans

We
intend to file with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-8 under the Securities Act covering the shares of Common Stock that are
outstanding or reserved for issuance under the 2025 Plan. Such registration statement is expected to be filed and become effective as
soon as practicable after the consummation of the Merger (but no fewer than 60 days thereafter pursuant to SEC rules that apply to former
shell companies). Accordingly, shares registered under such registration statement will be available for sale in the open market following
its effective date, subject to Rule 144 volume limitations and the lock-up agreements described above, if applicable.

81

DESCRIPTION
OF CAPITAL STOCK

The
following description summarizes the most important terms of our capital stock following the Merger and Offering. Because it is only
a summary, it does not contain all the information that may be important to you and the descriptions herein are qualified by reference
to our restated certificate of incorporation and restated bylaws. For a complete description, you should refer to our restated certificate
of incorporation and restated bylaws, which are included as exhibits hereto, and to the applicable provisions of Delaware law.

We
have authorized capital stock consisting of 50,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of
preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share.

As
of the date of this Report, we had 8,081,953 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding, warrants exercisable for 2,023,995 shares
of Common Stock outstanding, and no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. Unless stated otherwise, the following discussion
summarizes the term and provisions of our restated certificate of incorporation and our restated bylaws.

Common
Stock

Dividend
Rights

Subject
to applicable law and the rights and preferences, if any, of any holders of any outstanding series of preferred stock, the holders of
our Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends if our board of directors, in its discretion, determines to issue dividends and then
only at the times and in the amounts that our board of directors may determine, payable either in cash, in property or in shares of capital
stock.

Voting
Rights

Holders
of our Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share of Common Stock held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders.
Except as otherwise required by law, holders of Common Stock are not entitled to vote on any amendment to the restated certificate of
incorporation (including any certificate of designation relating to any series of preferred stock) that relates solely to the terms of
one or more outstanding series of preferred stock if the holders of such affected series are entitled, either separately or together
as a class with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote on such amendment pursuant to the restated certificate (including
any certificate of designation relating to any series of preferred stock). We have not provided for cumulative voting for the election
of directors in our restated certificate of incorporation. Accordingly, holders of a majority of the shares of our Common Stock are able
to elect all of our directors.

No
Preemptive or Similar Rights

Our
Common Stock is not entitled to preemptive rights and is not subject to conversion, redemption or sinking fund provisions.

Right
to Receive Liquidation Distributions

Upon
our liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up and after payment in full of all amounts required to be paid to creditors and to any holders
of preferred stock having liquidation preferences, if any, the assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders would be
distributable ratably among the holders of our Common Stock.

Preferred
Stock

Our
board of directors is authorized, subject to limitations prescribed by Delaware law, to issue preferred stock in one or more series,
to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each series, and to fix the designation, vesting, powers (including
voting powers), preferences, and relative, participating, optional or other rights of the shares of each series and any of its qualifications,
limitations, or restrictions, in each case without further vote or action by our stockholders.

82

Our
board of directors can also increase or decrease the number of shares of any series of preferred stock, but not below the number of shares
of that series then outstanding or above the total number of authorized shares of the class, without any further vote or action by our
stockholders. Our board of directors may, without stockholder approval, authorize the issuance of preferred stock with voting or other
rights that could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of our Common Stock and could have anti-takeover effects.
The issuance of preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could,
among other things, have the effect of delaying, deferring, or preventing a change in our control or the removal of existing management
and might adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock.

Stock
Options

As
of the date of this Report, we have no outstanding stock options to shares of our Common Stock under the 2025 Plan or otherwise.

Warrants

As
of the date of this Report, we had outstanding the following warrants:

(i) Common
A Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,080,814 shares of our Common Stock, with an exercise
price of $4.40 per share;

(ii) Common
B Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 540,407 shares of our Common Stock, with an exercise
price of $6.60 per share;

(iii) Pre-Merger
Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 132,570 shares of our Common Stock, with an exercise
price of either $3.30 per share or $4.40 per share; and

(iv) Placement
Agent Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 270,204 shares of our Common Stock, with an exercise
price of $4.40 per share of our Common Stock.

Registration
Rights Agreement

For
a description of the Registration Rights Agreement that we entered into in connection with the Merger and the Offering, see Completion
of Acquisition or Disposition of AssetsThe Merger and Related TransactionsRegistration Rights above. All descriptions
of the Registration Rights Agreement herein are qualified in their entirety by reference to the text thereof filed as Exhibit 10.8 hereto
and incorporated herein by reference.

Anti-Takeover
Provisions

The
provisions of the DGCL, our restated certificate of incorporation, and our restated bylaws could have the effect of delaying, deferring,
or discouraging another person from acquiring control of our Company by means of a tender offer, a proxy contest or otherwise, or to
remove incumbent officers and directors. These provisions, which are summarized below, are expected to discourage certain types of coercive
takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and encourage persons seeking to acquire control of our Company to first negotiate with
our board of directors. We believe that the benefits of increased protection of our potential ability to negotiate with an unfriendly
or unsolicited acquirer outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging a proposal to acquire us because negotiation of these proposals could
result in an improvement of their terms. However, these provisions may delay, deter or prevent a merger or acquisition of us that a stockholder
might consider is in their best interest or in our best interests, including transactions that might result in a premium over the prevailing
market price of our Common Stock.

83

Section
203 of the DGCL

We
are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly
held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a three-year
period following the time that this stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed
manner as summarized below. Under Section 203, a business combination between a corporation and an interested stockholder is prohibited
unless it satisfies one of the following conditions:

before
the stockholder became interested, our board of directors approved either the business combination
or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder;

upon
consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested
stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation
outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining
the voting stock outstanding shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers,
and employee stock plans in some instances, but not the outstanding voting stock owned by
the interested stockholder; or

at
or after the time the stockholder became interested, the business combination was approved
by our board and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders by the affirmative
vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested
stockholder.

Section
203 defines a business combination to include:

any
merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder;

any
sale, transfer, lease, pledge, or other disposition involving the interested stockholder
of 10% or more of the assets of the corporation;

subject
to exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance of transfer by the corporation
of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder;

subject
to exceptions, any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing
the proportionate share of the stock of any class or series of the corporation beneficially
owned by the interested stockholder; and

the
receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees,
pledges or other financial benefits provided by or through the corporation.

In
general, Section 203 defines an interested stockholder as any entity or person beneficially owning 15% or more of the outstanding voting
stock of the corporation and any entity or person affiliated with or controlling or controlled by the entity or person.

Restated
Certificate of Incorporation and Restated Bylaw Provisions

Our
restated certificate of incorporation and our restated bylaws include a number of provisions that may have the effect of deterring hostile
takeovers, or delaying or preventing changes in control of our management team or changes in our board of directors or our governance
or policy, including the following:

Board
of Director Vacancies. Our restated bylaws and restated certificate of incorporation
provide, subject to the special rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock to
elect directors, that any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by the affirmative
vote of a majority of the directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole
remaining director, and not by the stockholders, unless (a) the board of directors determines
by resolution that any such vacancies or newly created directorships shall be filled by the
stockholders or (b) as otherwise provided by law. Any director chosen to fill a vacancy will
hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until his or her successor
is duly elected and qualified, or until his or her earlier death, resignation, disqualification
or removal. In addition, the number of directors constituting the total number of authorized
directors is permitted to be set only by a resolution adopted by a majority of the board
of directors. These provisions prevent a stockholder from increasing the size of our board
of directors and gaining control of our board of directors by filling the resulting vacancies
with its own nominees. This makes it more difficult to change the composition of the board
of directors, but promotes continuity of management.

84

Supermajority
Requirements for Amendments of Our Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Restated Bylaws.
Our restated certificate of incorporation provides that the affirmative vote of holders of
at least 66 2/3% of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors,
voting together as a single class, is required to amend certain provisions of our restated
certificate of incorporation, including provisions relating to the size of the board of directors,
the limitation of personal liability for the board of directors and officers, special meetings,
actions by written consent, the choice of forum provision, and designation of our preferred
stock. The affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2/3% of our capital stock entitled
to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, is required
to amend or repeal our restated bylaws, although our restated bylaws may be amended by the
approval of a majority of the board of directors.

Stockholder
Action; Special Meetings of Stockholders. Our restated certificate of incorporation
provides that our stockholders may not take action by written consent but may only take action
at annual or special meetings of our stockholders. As a result, holders of our capital stock
are not able to amend our restated bylaws or remove directors without holding a meeting of
our stockholders called in accordance with our restated bylaws. Our restated certificate
of incorporation and our restated bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders
may be called only by the chairperson or executive chairperson of the board of directors,
the lead independent director, our chief executive officer or the board of directors acting
pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the board of directors. Additionally, only
the business as stated in the notice for a special meeting may be considered at a special
meeting of stockholders. Therefore, stockholders are both prohibited from calling a special
meeting and from raising additional matters for consideration at a special meeting of stockholders.
These provisions might delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a
proposal or for stockholders to take any action, including the removal of directors.

Advance
Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations. Our restated
bylaws provide advance notice procedures for stockholders seeking to bring business before
our annual meeting of stockholders or to nominate candidates for election as directors at
our annual meeting of stockholders. Our restated bylaws also specify certain requirements
regarding the timing, form and content of a stockholders notice. These provisions
may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders
or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. These provisions
might also discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies
to elect the acquirers own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control
of our Company.

No
Cumulative Voting. The DGCL provides that stockholders are not entitled to the right
to cumulate votes in the election of directors unless a corporations certificate of
incorporation provides otherwise. Our restated certificate of incorporation and restated
bylaws do not provide for cumulative voting.

Issuance
of Undesignated Preferred Stock. Our board has the authority, without further action
by the stockholders, to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock with
rights and preferences, including voting rights, designated from time to time by our board
of directors. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock enables
our board of directors to render more difficult or to discourage an attempt to obtain control
of us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest, or otherwise.

Choice
of Forum. Our restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we
consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum and to the fullest extent permitted
by law, that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if and only if the Court
of Chancery of the State of Delaware lacks subject matter jurisdiction, any state court located
within the State of Delaware or, if and only if all such state courts lack subject matter
jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware) and any appellate
court therefrom, is the sole and exclusive forum for: (a) any derivative action, suit or
proceeding brought on behalf of us; (b) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim
of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer, employee,
or agent of ours; (c) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim against us or any
current or former director, officer or employee of ours arising out of or pursuant to, or
seeking to enforce any right, obligation or remedy under, or to interpret, apply, or determine
the validity of, any provision of the DGCL, the restated certificate of incorporation or
the restated bylaws (as each may be amended from time to time); (d) any action, suit or proceeding
as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware;
or (e) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim against us or any current or former
director, officer or employee of ours governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in all cases
subject to the court having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as
defendants. However, such forum selection provisions do not apply to actions, suits or proceedings
brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for
which the federal courts of the United States have exclusive jurisdiction. The restated certificate
of incorporation also provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an
alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America is the exclusive
forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities
Act.

85

Section
22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all claims brought to enforce any duty or
liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction
to entertain such claims. As noted above, the restated certificate of incorporation provides that the federal district courts of the
United States have exclusive jurisdiction over any action asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Accordingly,
there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provision. Our stockholders shall not be deemed to have waived our compliance
with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder.

Section
27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all claims brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the
Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As noted above, the restated certificate of incorporation provides that the choice
of forum provision does not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act. Accordingly, actions
by our stockholders to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder must be brought
in federal court. Our stockholders shall not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the regulations
promulgated thereunder.

Any
person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice
of and consented to the forum selection provisions in the restated certificate of incorporation.

The
choice of forum provisions may limit a stockholders ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes
with us or our directors, officers, or other employees or could result in increased costs for our stockholders to bring a claim in the
chosen forum, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, and other employees. Alternatively, if a court
were to find the choice of forum provisions contained in the restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable
in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business,
results of operations, and financial condition.

Limitation
on Liability and Indemnification of Directors and Officers 

The
restated bylaws provide that our directors and officers will be indemnified and advanced expenses by us to the fullest extent authorized
or permitted by the DGCL as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, the restated certificate of incorporation provides
that our directors and officers will not be personally liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for breaches of their fiduciary
duty as directors or officers to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL as it now exists or may in the future be amended.

The
restated bylaws also permit us to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any officer, director, employee or agent of ours for any
liability arising out of his or her status as such, regardless of whether the DGCL would permit indemnification.

86

These
provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions
also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our directors and officers, even though such an
action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholders investment may be adversely
affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our directors and officers pursuant to these indemnification
provisions.

Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons
pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed
in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable.

Transfer
Agent and Registrar

The
transfer agent and registrar for our Common Stock is Vstock Transfer, LLC. The transfer agents address is 18 Lafayette Place,
Woodmere, NY 11598, and its telephone number is (212) 828-8436.

Stock
Quotation

OUR
COMMON STOCK IS CURRENTLY NOT LISTED ON A NATIONAL SECURITIES EXCHANGE OR ANY OTHER EXCHANGE, OR QUOTED ON AN OVER THE COUNTER MARKET.
FOLLOWING COMPLETION OF THE OFFERING, WE INTEND TO CAUSE OUR COMMON STOCK TO BE QUOTED ON THE OTC MARKETS QB TIER AS SOON AS PRACTICABLE
FOLLOWING THE EFFECTIVENESS OF THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT. HOWEVER, WE CANNOT ASSURE YOU THAT WE WILL BE ABLE TO DO SO AND, EVEN IF WE
DO SO, THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT OUR COMMON STOCK WILL CONTINUE TO BE QUOTED ON THE OTC MARKETS OR QUOTED OR LISTED ON ANY OTHER
MARKET OR EXCHANGE, OR THAT AN ACTIVE TRADING MARKET FOR OUR COMMON STOCK WILL DEVELOP OR CONTINUE.

LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. However,
litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may
harm business.

We
are currently not aware of any pending legal proceedings to which we, or any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such,
are a party or of which any of our property is the subject, nor are we aware of any such proceedings that are contemplated by any governmental
authority.

ITEM 3.02 UNREGISTERED
SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.

The
Offering

The
information regarding the Bridge Notes, the Pre-Merger Warrants, the securities issued in the Offering and the Placement Agent Warrants
set forth in Item 2.01, Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of AssetsThe Merger and Related TransactionsBridge
Financings and The Offering and Description of Capital Stock is incorporated
herein by reference.

On February 11, 2025, in connection with the Offering,
we issued 1,080,814 shares of our Common Stock to 95 accredited investors. These transactions were exempt from registration under Section
4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as not involving any public offering or Regulation D promulgated thereunder.

87

Sales
of Unregistered Securities of Adaptin 

The
following list sets forth information as to all securities Private Adaptin sold from its incorporation as Centaur Bio Inc. on March 12,
2021 through immediately prior to the consummation of the Merger, which were not registered under the Securities Act. The following description
is historical and has not been adjusted to give effect to the Merger.

1. On
March 17, 2021, Private Adaptin issued a total of 1,000 shares of Private Adaptins
common stock at a price per share of $0.001 to Dr. Roberts for gross proceeds of $1.00. Private
Adaptin relied upon the exemption from registration provided by Regulation 4(a)(2) under
the Securities Act.

2. On
August 25, 2021, Private Adaptin issued a total of 430 shares of Private Adaptins
common stock at a price per share of $0.001 to Dr. Pedder for gross proceeds of $0.43. Private
Adaptin relied upon the exemption from registration provided by Regulation 4(a)(2) under
the Securities Act.

3. Private
Adaptin issued a total of 75 shares of Private Adaptins common stock as part of the
consideration for the Duke License. Private Adaptin relied upon the exemption from registration
provided by Regulation 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act.

4. From
March 2024 to September 2024, Private Adaptin entered into securities purchase agreements
with certain accredited investors for the 2024 Bridge Notes, which provided for an aggregate
of $1,000,000, 10% secured subordinated convertible promissory notes payable to investors
with a term of 12 months from the issuance date. Additionally, the 2024 Bridge Notes, as
amended, provided that, upon a qualified offering, the 2024 Bridge Notes, together with all
accrued but unpaid interest at the date of conversion, shall automatically be converted into
shares of Private Adaptin or Company common stock at a conversion price equal to 75% of the
gross offering price to the investors in such qualified offering. The 2024 Bridge Notes were
sold pursuant to Regulation D under the Securities Act. See Item 2.01, Completion
of Acquisition or Disposition of AssetsThe Merger and Related TransactionsBridge
Financings for additional information on the 2024 Bridge Notes.

5. From
April 2023 to September 2023, Private Adaptin entered into securities purchase agreements
with certain accredited investors for the 2023 Bridge Notes, which provided for an aggregate
of $500,000, 10% secured subordinated promissory notes payable to investors with a term of
12 months from the issuance date. The 2023 Bridge Notes were exchanged for an aggregate of
$500,000 of the Exchange Notes. The Exchange Notes provided that, upon a qualified offering,
the Exchange Notes, together with all accrued but unpaid interest at the date of conversion,
shall automatically be converted into shares of Private Adaptin or Company common stock at
a conversion price equal to 75% of the gross offering price to the investors in such qualified
offering. The 2023 Bridge Notes were sold pursuant to Regulation D under the Securities Act.
See Item 2.01, Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of AssetsThe Merger
and Related TransactionsBridge Financings for additional information on
the 2023 Bridge Notes.

ITEM 3.03 MATERIAL
MODIFICATION TO RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS.

The
information contained in Item 5.03, Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year is
incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 4.01 CHANGES
IN REGISTRANTS CERTIFYING ACCOUNTANT.

On
February 11, 2025, the Companys Board of Directors approved the engagement of WithumSmith+Brown, PC (Withum) as
the Companys independent registered public accounting firm to audit its financial statements, effective following the filing of
its Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 (Form 10-K). Upon filing of the Companys Form 10-K, the
Companys current independent registered public accounting firm, KNAV CPA LLP (KNAV), will be dismissed.

During the period from March 10, 2022 (inception) to December 31, 2022,
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 and the subsequent interim period through the date of this Report, there were no disagreements
with KNAV on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements,
if not resolved to the satisfaction of KNAV, would have caused it to make reference to the subject matter thereof in connection with its
report.

KNAVs report on the Companys financial statements as
of December 31, 2023 and 2022 and for the year ended December 31, 2023, and for the period from March 10, 2022 (inception) through December
31, 2022 did not contain any adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion, nor were they qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope
or accounting principles except for an explanatory paragraph in such report regarding substantial doubt about Companys ability
to continue as a going concern.

88

During the period from March 10, 2022 (inception)
to December 31, 2022, the fiscal years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 and the subsequent interim period through the date of this Report,
neither the Company nor anyone acting on its behalf consulted Withum regarding the application of accounting principles to a specified
transaction, either completed or proposed, or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Companys financial statements.

We have provided KNAV with a copy of this Report prior to the filing
hereof and have requested that KNAV furnish to us a letter addressed to the SEC stating whether KNAV agrees with the statements made by
us under this Item 4.01. KNAV has furnished such letter, which letter is filed as Exhibit 16.1 hereto, as required by Item 304(a)(3) of
Regulation S-K.

ITEM 5.01 CHANGES
IN CONTROL OF REGISTRANT.

The
information regarding change of control of the Company in connection with the Merger set forth in Item 2.01, Completion of
Acquisition or Disposition of AssetsThe Merger and Related Transactions is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 5.02 DEPARTURE
OF DIRECTORS OR PRINCIPAL OFFICERS; ELECTION OF DIRECTORS; APPOINTMENT OF PRINCIPAL OFFICERS; COMPENSATORY ARRANGEMENTS OF CERTAIN OFFICERS.

The
information regarding departure and election of our directors and departure and appointment of our principal officers in connection with
the Merger set forth in Item 2.01, Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets The Merger and Related Transactions is
incorporated herein by reference.

For
information regarding the terms of employment of our newly appointed executive officers, see Compensation of Directors
and Executive OfficersExecutive Compensation Arrangements in Item 2.01 of this Report, which description is incorporated
herein by reference. For certain biographical, related party and other information regarding our newly appointed executive officers,
see the disclosure under the headings Management and Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions in
Item 2.01 of this Report, which disclosures are incorporated herein by reference.

For
information about compensation to our directors, see Management in Item 2.01 of this Report, which description
is incorporated herein by reference. For information about the committees each director serves on, see ManagementCommittee
of the Board of Directors in Item 2.01 of this Report, which description is incorporated herein by reference. There are
no arrangements or understandings pursuant to which any of our current directors was appointed as a director. For certain biographical,
related party and other information regarding our newly appointed directors, see the disclosure under the headings Management and Certain
Relationships and Related Party Transactions in Item 2.01 of this Report, which disclosures are incorporated herein by
reference.

ITEM 5.03 AMENDMENTS
TO ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OR BYLAWS; CHANGE IN FISCAL YEAR.

Amendments
to Certificate of Incorporation

Prior
to the Merger, Unite Acquisitions board of directors approved the amendment and restatement of our certificate of incorporation
on February 11, 2025, and stockholders holding 100% of the then outstanding shares of our Common Stock approved the amendment and restatement
to our certificate of incorporation on February 11, 2025. The information regarding the restated certificate of incorporation in Item
2.01, Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets Description of Capital StockAnti-Takeover Provisions is
incorporated herein by reference. Our restated certificate of incorporation is filed as Exhibit 3.2 hereto and is incorporated herein
by reference.

Amendments
to Bylaws

Prior
to the Merger, we amended and restated our bylaws in their entirety, to be effective upon closing of the Merger. The information regarding
the restated bylaws in Item 2.01, Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets Description of Capital StockAnti-Takeover
Provisions is incorporated herein by reference. Our restated bylaws are filed as Exhibit 3.3 hereto and is incorporated
herein by reference.

89

ITEM 5.05 Amendments
to the Registrants Code of Ethics, or Waiver of a Provision of the Code of Ethics.

In
connection with the Merger, the board of directors adopted a new Code of Ethics, which applies to all directors, officers (including
our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing
similar functions) and employees. The information regarding Code of Ethics of the Company is set forth in Item 2.01, Code
of Conduct and Ethics is incorporated herein by reference. The newly adopted Code of Ethics did not result in any
explicit or implicit waiver of any prior code of conduct or ethics. The foregoing description of the Code of Ethics does not purport
to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Code of Ethics, a copy of which is attached hereto as
Exhibit 14.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 5.06 CHANGE
IN SHELL COMPANY STATUS.

Prior
to the Merger, we were a shell company (as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act). As a result of the
Merger, we have ceased to be a shell company. The information contained in this Report constitutes the current Form 10 information
necessary to satisfy the conditions contained in Rule 144(i)(2) under the Securities Act.

ITEM 9.01 FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS.

(a) As a result of the Merger,
as described in Item 2.01, the registrant is filing herewith audited financial statements for Private Adaptin as of and for the fiscal
years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 as Exhibit 99.1 to this Report.

As a result of the Merger,
as described in Item 2.01, the registrant is filing herewith unaudited financial statements for Private Adaptin as of and for the
nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 as Exhibit 99.2 to this Report.

(b) As a result of the Merger,
as described in Item 2.01, the registrant is filing herewith unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements as of
September 30, 2024, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and for the year ended December 31, 2023 as Exhibit 99.3 to this
Report.

(c) Shell Company Transactions.
Reference is made to Items 9.01(a) and 9.01(b) and the exhibits referred to therein, which are incorporated herein by reference.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit
No. Description

2.1 Agreement
and Plan of Merger and Reorganization among the Company, Adaptin Acquisition Co., and Adaptin Bio, Inc.

3.1 Certificate
of Merger relating to the merger of Adaptin Acquisition Co. with and into Adaptin Bio, Inc., filed with the Secretary of State of
the State of Delaware on February 11, 2025.

3.2 Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Unite Acquisition 1 Corp., as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
on February 11, 2025.

3.3 Amended
and Restated Bylaws.

4.1 Form
of Pre-Merger Warrant issued to holders of 2023 Bridge Notes.

4.2 Form
of Pre-Merger Warrant issued in connection with Exchange Notes.

4.3 Form
of Placement Agent Warrant.

4.4 Form
of Common A Warrant. 

4.5 Form
of Common B Warrant. 

10.1* Patent
License Agreement by and between Centaur Bio and Duke University, effective as of January 11, 2023. 

90

10.2* First
Amendment to License Agreement by and between Centaur Bio and Duke University, effective as of August 9, 2024. 

10.3* Sponsored
Research Agreement by and between Centaur Bio and Duke University, effective as of August 8, 2024. 

10.4+ Advisory
Services Agreement, dated as of February 11, 2025, by and between the Company and Lucius Partners LLC.

10.5 Form
of Lock-Up Agreement.

10.6 Form
of Indemnity Agreement.

10.7 Form
of Subscription Agreement by and among the Company and the parties thereto.

10.8 Form
of Registration Rights Agreement, by and between the Company and the parties thereto.

10.9+ 2025
Equity Incentive Plan and form of award agreements.

10.10+ Executive
Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Simon C. Pedder, dated February 11, 2025.

10.11+ Executive
Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Michael J. Roberts, dated February 11, 2025.

10.12+ Executive
Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Timothy L. Maness, dated February 11, 2025.

10.13+ Executive
Employment Agreement by and between the Company and L. Arthur Hewitt, dated February 11, 2025.

10.14+ Compensation
Agreement by and between Centaur Bio Inc. and Simon Pedder, dated October 1, 2023.

10.15+ Compensation
Agreement by and between Centaur Bio Inc. and MAC B Consulting LLC d/b/a Michael J. Roberts, dated October 1, 2023.

10.16+ Consulting
Agreement by and between Centaur Bio Inc. and Adamanteus LLC, dated May 31, 2023.

10.17+ Consulting
Agreement by and between the Company and L. Arthur Hewitt, dated September 5, 2024. 

14.1 Code
of Ethics and Business Conduct.

16.1 Letter from KNAV CPA LLP
as to the change in certifying accountant, dated February 18, 2025.

21.1 Subsidiaries
of the Registrant.

99.1 Audited
financial statements of Private Adaptin for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022.

99.2 Unaudited
financial statements of Private Adaptin for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023.

99.3 Unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information.

104 Cover Page Interactive
Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 

+ Indicates
a management contract or any compensatory plan, contract or arrangement.

* Portions
of this exhibit (indicated by asterisks) have been omitted in accordance with Item 601(b)(10)
of Regulation S-K. The registrant hereby agrees to furnish supplementally copies of any of
the omitted portions of this exhibit to the SEC upon its request.

Certain
exhibits or schedules to this exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Item 601(a)(5)
of Regulation S-K. The registrant hereby agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted
exhibit or schedule to the SEC upon its request.

91

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Adaptin Bio,
Inc. 

Date: February 18, 2025 By: /s/
Michael J. Roberts

Michael J. Roberts

President and Chief Executive Officer

92
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023016901ex2-1_adaptin.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER AND REORGANIZATION AMONG THE COMPANY, ADAPTIN ACQUISITION CO., AND ADAPTIN BIO, INC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 2.1

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER AND REORGANIZATION

among

UNITE ACQUISITION
1 CORP., a Delaware corporation,

ADAPTIN ACQUISITION
CO., a Delaware corporation

and

ADAPTIN BIO, INC., a Delaware corporation

February 11, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I. THE MERGER 2

1.1 The Merger 2

1.2 The Closing 3

1.3 Actions at the Closing 3

1.4 Additional Actions 3

1.5 Conversion of Company Securities 3

1.6 Dissenting Shares 4

1.7 Fractional Shares 5

1.8 [Reserved] 5

1.9 Directors and Officers 5

1.10 Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 6

1.11 No Further Rights 6

1.12 Closing of Transfer Books 6

1.13 Exemption from Registration; Rule 144 7

1.14 Certain Tax Matters 8

1.15 Withholding 8

1.16 Debt Payoff 8

ARTICLE II. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY 9

2.1 Organization, Qualification and Corporate Power 9

2.2 Capitalization 10

2.3 Authorization of Transaction 10

2.4 Non-contravention 11

2.5 Subsidiaries 11

2.6 Compliance with Laws 12

2.7 Financial Statements 12

2.8 Absence of Certain Changes 12

2.9 Undisclosed Liabilities 12

2.10 Contracts 13

2.11 Litigation 13

2.12 Brokers Fees 13

2.13 Books and Records 13

2.14 Schedule 14_F-1 13

2.15 No Other Representations 13

ARTICLE III. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE PARENT AND THE ACQUISITION SUBSIDIARY 14

3.1 Organization, Qualification and Corporate Power 14

3.2 Capitalization 15

3.3 Authorization of Transaction 15

3.4 Noncontravention 15

3.5 Subsidiaries 16

3.6 SEC Reports and Prior Registration Statement Matters 16

3.7 Compliance with Laws 17

i

3.8 Financial Statements 17

3.9 Absence of Certain Changes 18

3.10 Undisclosed Liabilities 18

3.11 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 18

3.12 Tax Matters 19

3.13 Assets 20

3.14 Real Property 20

3.15 Contracts 20

3.16 Powers of Attorney 20

3.17 Insurance 20

3.18 Litigation 20

3.19 Employees 21

3.20 Employee Benefits 21

3.21 Environmental Matters 21

3.22 Permits 22

3.23 Certain Business Relationships with Affiliates 22

3.24 Tax-Free Reorganization 22

3.25 Brokers Fees 24

3.26 Interested Party Transactions 24

3.27 Accountants 24

3.28 Minute Books 24

3.29 Board Action 24

3.30 Intellectual Property 24

3.31 Investment Company 24

3.32 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 25

3.33 No Integrated Offering 25

3.34 No General Solicitation 25

3.35 Application of Takeover Provisions 25

3.36 No Other Representations 25

ARTICLE IV. COVENANTS 26

4.1 Conduct of the Business Prior to Closing; Closing Efforts 26

4.2 Governmental and Third-Party Notices and Consents 26

4.3 Super 8-K 26

4.4 Access to Information 26

4.5 Expenses 27

4.6 Indemnification; Insurance 28

4.7 Name 29

4.8 Parent Board; Amendment of Charter Documents; Corporate Policies 29

4.9 Equity Plans 29

4.10 Information Provided to Stockholders 30

4.11 Securities Exemptions 30

4.12 Parent Auditor Letter 30

4.13 Private Placement 30

4.14 Failure to Fulfill Conditions 30

4.15 Notification of Certain Matters 30

ii

ARTICLE V. CONDITIONS TO CONSUMMATION OF MERGER 31

5.1 Conditions to Each Partys Obligations 31

5.2 Conditions to Obligations of the Parent and the Acquisition Subsidiary 32

5.3 Conditions to Obligations of the Company 33

ARTICLE VI. DEFINITIONS 36

7.1 Termination 38

7.2 Effect of Termination 38

ARTICLE VIII. MISCELLANEOUS 39

8.1 Press Releases and Announcements 39

8.2 No Third Party Beneficiaries 39

8.3 Entire Agreement 39

8.4 Succession and Assignment 39

8.5 Counterparts and Facsimile Signature 39

8.6 Headings 40

8.7 Notices 40

8.8 Governing Law 40

8.9 Amendments and Waivers 41

8.10 Severability 41

8.11 Submission to Jurisdiction 41

8.12 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 41

8.13 Remedies; Specific Performance 42

8.14 Survival 42

8.15 Construction 42

EXHIBITS

Exhibit A Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Parent

Exhibit B Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Parent

Exhibit C Form of Pre-Merger Indemnity Agreement

Exhibit D Form of Lucius Advisory Services Agreement

Exhibit E Form of Certificate of Merger

SCHEDULES

Schedule 1.5(a) Conversion Ratios

Schedule 2 Company Knowledge Persons

Company Disclosure Schedule

Parent Disclosure Schedule

Schedule 4.6(c) Parent Indemnified Executives

Schedule 5.1(c) Terminated Agreements

Schedule 5.2(a) Company Closing Consents

Schedule 5.3(b) Parent Closing Consents

iii

AGREEMENT
AND PLAN OF MERGER AND REORGANIZATION

INTRODUCTION

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER AND
REORGANIZATION (this Agreement), dated as of February 11, 2025, by and among UNITE ACQUISITION 1
CORP., a Delaware corporation (the Parent), ADAPTIN ACQUISITION CO., a Delaware corporation (the
Acquisition Subsidiary), and ADAPTIN BIO, INC., a Delaware corporation (the
Company). The Parent, the Acquisition Subsidiary and the Company are each a Party and
referred to collectively herein as the Parties.

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Parties
to this Agreement intend to effect a merger of the Acquisition Subsidiary, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Parent, with and into the
Company, with the Company remaining as the surviving entity and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Parent after the merger (the Merger)
in accordance with this Agreement and the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended (the DGCL), whereby the stockholders
of the Company as of immediately prior to the Effective Time (Company Stockholders) who are accredited investors
as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act)
will receive shares of Parents common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Parent Common Stock) in exchange
for their capital stock of the Company;

WHEREAS, the board
of directors of the Company, after considering the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, has
unanimously, unconditionally and irrevocably (i) determined that this Agreement and transactions contemplated hereby are in the best
interests of the Company and the Company Stockholders, (ii) approved and declared advisable the Merger, this Agreement and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby, (iii) directed that this Agreement be submitted for approval to the Company Stockholders, and
(iv) resolved to recommend the approval and adoption of this Agreement by the Company Stockholders; and

WHEREAS, the board
of directors of each of the Parent and Acquisition Subsidiary, and the Parent, in its capacity as the sole stockholder of Acquisition
Subsidiary, have unanimously, unconditionally and irrevocably approved and consented to the Merger, the execution by the Parent and Acquisition
Subsidiary of this Agreement, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby; and

WHEREAS, contemporaneously
with the Merger, the Parent will complete a private placement offering (the Private Placement Offering) of a minimum
of 795,455 Units of Parents securities, each Unit consisting of (i) one share of Parent Common Stock, (ii) a warrant
to purchase one share of Parent Common Stock, exercisable from issuance until one year after the final closing of the Private Placement
Offering at an exercise price of $4.40 per share, and (iii) a warrant, to purchase one-half share of Parent Common Stock, exercisable
from issuance until five years after the final closing of the Private Placement Offering at an exercise price of $6.60 per whole share,
at a purchase price of $4.40 per Unit (the Purchase Price), upon the terms and subject to the conditions of subscription
agreements in a form reasonably acceptable to the Parent and the Company; and

WHEREAS, as a condition
and inducement to the Companys willingness to enter into this Agreement, contemporaneously with the execution and delivery of this
Agreement by the Parties, certain stockholders of the Parent prior to the Merger have entered into binding share cancellation agreements
with the Parent (the Share Cancellation Agreements), pursuant to which an aggregate of 1,750,000 shares of Parent
Common Stock (the Cancelled Shares) will be cancelled immediately prior to the Effective Time contingent upon the
effectiveness of the Merger; and

WHEREAS, for U.S. federal
and applicable state and local tax purposes, the Parties intend for the Merger to qualify as a transaction described in Section 351(a)
of the Code, and also as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the Code), and this Agreement to constitute a plan of reorganization within the meaning of
the regulations promulgated under the Code by the U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury Regulations), specifically
Treasury Regulations Section 1.368-2(g) (collectively, the Intended Tax Treatment);

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the representations, warranties and covenants herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt,
adequacy and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties, intending legally to be bound, agree as follows:

ARTICLE I. THE
MERGER

1.1 The
Merger.

(a) Upon
and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Acquisition Subsidiary shall merge with and into the Company
at the Effective Time (as defined below). From and after the Effective Time, the separate corporate existence of the Acquisition Subsidiary
shall cease, and the Company shall continue as the surviving corporation in the Merger (the Surviving Corporation)
and will continue as the wholly owned subsidiary of the Parent.

(b) On
the Closing Date (as defined below), the Parties shall cause the Merger to be consummated by filing a certificate of merger in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit E (the Certificate of Merger) with the Secretary of State of Delaware in accordance
with the DGCL. The Merger will become effective when the Certificate of Merger becomes effective with the Secretary of State of the State
of Delaware (the Effective Time).

(c) The
Merger shall have the effects set forth herein and in the applicable provisions of the DGCL including, without limiting the generality
of the foregoing and subject thereto and except as otherwise provided herein, (i) all the property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises
of the Company and the Acquisition Subsidiary will be vested in the Surviving Corporation, without reservation or impairment, without
further action or deed, and without any conveyance, transfer or assignment having occurred and (ii) the Surviving Corporation will have
all debts, liabilities and duties of the Company and Acquisition Subsidiary.

(d) The
Parties shall each use their respective best efforts to take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate to effectuate the Merger
in accordance with the DGCL at the Effective Time. If at any time after the Effective Time, any further action is necessary or desirable
to carry out the purposes of this Agreement and to vest the Surviving Corporation with full right, title and possession to all properties,
rights, privileges, immunities, powers and franchises of either the Company or the Acquisition Subsidiary, the officers of the Surviving
Corporation are fully authorized in the name of Parent, the Company and Acquisition Subsidiary or otherwise to take, and shall take, all
such lawful and necessary action.

2

1.2 The
Closing. The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the Closing) shall take place
remotely, via electronic exchange of documents, on such mutually agreeable date as soon as practicable (and in any event not later than
three Business Days) after the satisfaction or waiver of all conditions (excluding the delivery of any documents to be delivered at the
Closing by any of the Parties) set forth in ARTICLE V hereof (the Closing Date). As used in this Agreement, the term
Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banks in the state of New York are required
or authorized by applicable Law to close.

1.3 Actions
at the Closing. At the Closing:

(a) the
Company shall deliver to the Parent and the Acquisition Subsidiary the various certificates, instruments and documents to be delivered
by the Company pursuant to Sections 5.1 and 5.2;

(b) the
Parent and the Acquisition Subsidiary shall deliver to the Company the various certificates, instruments and documents to be delivered
by the Parent and/or Acquisition Subsidiary pursuant to Sections 5.1 and 5.3; and

(c) the
Company shall file the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware in accordance with the DGCL.

1.4 Additional
Actions. If at any time after the Effective Time the Surviving Corporation or Parent shall consider or be advised that any
deeds, bills of sale, assignments or assurances or any other acts or things are necessary, desirable or proper (a) to vest, perfect or
confirm, of record or otherwise, in the Surviving Corporation or Parent, its right, title or interest in, to or under any of the rights,
privileges, powers, franchises, properties or assets of either the Company or the Acquisition Subsidiary or (b) otherwise to carry out
the purposes of this Agreement, the Surviving Corporation, Parent and its officers and directors or their designees shall be authorized
(to the fullest extent allowed under applicable Law) to execute and deliver, in the name and on behalf of either the Company, Parent or
the Acquisition Subsidiary, all such deeds, bills of sale, assignments and assurances and do, in the name and on behalf of the Company,
Parent or the Acquisition Subsidiary, all such other acts and things necessary, desirable or proper to vest, perfect or confirm its right,
title or interest in, to or under any of the rights, privileges, powers, franchises, properties or assets of the Company, Parent or the
Acquisition Subsidiary, as applicable, and otherwise to carry out the purposes of this Agreement.

1.5 Conversion
of Company Securities. At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of any Party or the
holder of any of the following securities the Merger will be effected in accordance with the following terms:

(a) Each
share of capital stock of the Acquisition Subsidiary issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will be converted
into one (1) validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock of the Surviving Corporation, and the stock of the Surviving
Corporation issued pursuant to such conversion will constitute all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Surviving
Corporation.

3

(b) Each
share of the Companys common stock held by the Company (or held in the Companys treasury) or held by the Parent or Acquisition
Subsidiary immediately prior to the Effective Time (such shares the Excluded Shares) will be cancelled and retired
and will cease to exist, and no consideration will be delivered in exchange therefor.

(c) Subject
to Section 1.5(b) and Section 1.6, at the Effective Time, each share of the Companys common stock issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time (the Company Shares which shall not include, for the avoidance of doubt,
the Excluded Shares) other than Dissenting Shares (as defined below), shall be converted into and represent the right to receive such
number of shares of Parent Common Stock as is equal to the aggregate number of Company Shares (including any Dissenting Shares) multiplied
by the Conversion Ratio for that class or series set forth on Schedule 1.5(a) hereto, rounded up to the nearest
whole share. The shares of Parent Common Stock into which the Company Shares are converted pursuant to this Section shall be referred
to herein as the Merger Shares. The Merger Shares shall be adjusted to reflect appropriately the effect of any stock
split, reverse stock split, stock dividend (including any dividend or distribution of securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable
for Parent Common Stock or Company Shares), reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, combination, exchange of shares or other
like change with respect to Parent Common Stock or Company Shares occurring or having a record date on or after the date hereof and prior
to the Effective Time.

(d) After
the Effective Time, the Parent shall issue to each Company Stockholder entitled to a portion of the Merger Shares pursuant to Section
1.5(a) and who shall have delivered a certificate representing the Company Shares that were owned by such Company Stockholder
immediately prior to the Effective Time (the Company Shares Certificates) such Company Stockholders portion
of the Merger Shares and deliver or cause to be delivered certificates (which, for all purposes in this Agreement, may be in book entry
form) representing such Merger Shares (the Merger Share Certificates). If any Company Shares Certificate shall have
been lost, stolen or destroyed, the Parent may, in its sole discretion and as a condition to the issuance of any certificates representing
Merger Shares, require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed Company Shares Certificate to provide an appropriate affidavit with
respect to such Company Shares Certificate (without the requirement to post a bond). The Parent shall issue each Company Stockholders
portion of the Merger Shares and Merger Shares Certificates within three (3) Business Days or receiving such Stockholders Company
Shares Certificates.

1.6 Dissenting
Shares.

(a) For
purposes of this Agreement, Dissenting Shares means Company Shares held as of the Effective Time by a Company Stockholder
who has not voted such Company Shares in favor of the adoption of this Agreement and the Merger and with respect to which such Company
Stockholder properly demands dissenters rights pursuant to, and who comply in all respects with, the provisions of Section 262
of the DGCL and the Companys by-laws, and who have not effectively withdrawn or forfeited such rights prior to the Effective Time.
Dissenting Shares shall not be converted into or represent the right to receive shares of Parent Common Stock as set forth in Section
1.5(c), but instead such Company Stockholders will be entitled to such rights (and only such rights) as are granted under Section
262 of the DGCL unless and until such Company Stockholders right to appraisal shall have ceased in accordance with the DGCL and
the Companys by-laws. Beginning at the Effective Time, Dissenting Shares will cease to exist, and except as otherwise provided
by applicable Law, each holder of Dissenting Shares will cease to have any rights with respect thereto other than the rights granted pursuant
to Section 262 of the DGCL. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Company Stockholder fails to validly perfect, or forfeits or withdraws
his, her or its right to appraisal of Dissenting Shares under Section 262 of the DGCL, or if a court of competent jurisdiction determines
that such holder is not entitled to relief provided by Section 262 of the DGCL, then (i) as of the occurrence of such event, such holders
Dissenting Shares shall cease to be Dissenting Shares and shall be converted into and represent the right to receive the Merger Shares
issuable in respect of such Company Shares pursuant to Section 1.5(c), and (ii) promptly following the occurrence of such event
and, if requested by the Parent, the proper surrender of such persons Company Shares Certificate, the Parent shall issue the portion
of the Merger Shares to which such Company Stockholder is entitled pursuant to Section 1.5(c) and issue a Merger Shares Certificate
representing such Merger Shares.

4

(b) The
Company shall give the Parent prompt notice of any written demands for appraisal of any Company Shares, withdrawals of such demands, and
any other instruments that relate to such demands received by the Company. The Company shall not, except with the prior written consent
of the Parent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), make any payment with respect to any demands for
appraisal of Company Shares or offer to settle or settle any such demands unless required by the court of the State of Delaware having
jurisdiction thereof.

1.7 Fractional
Shares. No certificates or scrip representing fractional Merger Shares shall be issued to Company Stockholders on the surrender
for exchange of Company Shares, and such Company Stockholders shall not be entitled to any voting rights, rights to receive any dividends
or distributions or other rights as a stockholder of the Parent with respect to any fractional Merger Shares that would have otherwise
been issued to such Company Stockholders. No payment shall be made with respect to any fractional Merger Shares to which the holder would
otherwise be entitled, and the number thereof shall be rounded up to the nearest whole share.

1.8 Reserved.

1.9 Directors
and Officers.

(a) At
the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the Parent, Acquisition Subsidiary, the Company or the
holders of any shares of capital stock of any of the foregoing, the directors and officers of the Company as of immediately prior to the
Effective Time or such other persons as are designated by the Company shall be the directors and officers of the Surviving Corporation,
each to hold office until the earlier of his or her resignation or removal or until his or her respective successors are duly appointed
and qualified, as the case may be, and the Surviving Corporation and the Parent shall take any necessary actions (whether prior to, at
or after the Effective Time) as shall be necessary or appropriate to effectuate or carry out the purpose of this Section 1.9.

(b) At
or prior to the Closing, the Board of Directors of Parent shall, subject to compliance with Section 14(f) of the Exchange Act and Rule
14f-1 promulgated thereunder, take the following actions, to be effective upon the Effective Time: (i) elect to the Board of Directors
of Parent those persons set forth in Section 5.3(j); (ii) appoint as the officers of Parent those persons set forth in Section
5.3(j), or, in either case with regard to clauses (i) and (ii), such other persons designated by the Company (including any replacement
for a director of the Company immediately prior to the Closing who is either unwilling or unable to serve as a director of the Parent
upon the Effective Time); and (iii) appoint such persons set forth in (ii) as an officer within the meaning of Section 16
and Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act and as an executive officer within the meaning of Item 401(b) of Regulation S-K,
Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act and Rule 3b-7 promulgated under the Exchange Act. All of the persons serving as directors
of the Parent immediately prior to the Closing shall resign effective upon the election of the new directors, and all of the persons serving
as officers of the Parent immediately prior to the Closing shall resign effective upon the appointment of the new officers, all subject
to compliance with Rule 14f-1 promulgated under the Exchange Act. Subject to applicable law, the Parent, with the assistance of the Company,
has taken or shall take all action reasonably requested by the Company, but consistent with the certificate of incorporation and bylaws
of the Parent, that is reasonably necessary to effect any such election or appointment of the designees of the Company to the Parents
Board of Directors, including mailing to the Parents stockholders an information statement containing the information required
by Section 14(f) of the Exchange Act and Rule 14f-1 promulgated thereunder at least 10 days prior to the Effective Time.

5

(c) The
provisions of this Section 1.9 are in addition to and shall not limit any rights which the Company or any of its Affiliates may have as
a holder or beneficial owner of shares of capital stock of the Parent as a matter of law with respect to the election of directors or
otherwise. The newly-appointed directors and officers of the Parent shall hold office for the term specified in, and subject to the provisions
contained in, the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the Parent and applicable law.

1.10 Certificate
of Incorporation and Bylaws. The Surviving Corporation or the Parent may make any necessary filings in the State of Delaware
as shall be necessary or appropriate to effectuate or carry out fully the purpose of this Section 1.10:

(a) the
certificate of incorporation of the Acquisition Subsidiary in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the certificate
of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter amended as provided by Delaware Law and such certificate of incorporation;

(b) the
bylaws of the Acquisition Subsidiary in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the bylaws of the Surviving Corporation
until duly amended or repealed;

(c) the
certificate of incorporation of the Parent will be amended and restated at the Effective Time to read in its entirety as set forth on Exhibit
A hereto, and, as so amended and restated, will be the certificate of incorporation of the Parent until thereafter amended as
provided by Delaware Law and such certificate of incorporation; and

(d) the
bylaws of the Parent will be amended and restated at the Effective Time to read in its entirety as set forth on Exhibit B hereto,
and, as so amended and restated, will be the bylaws of the Parent until thereafter amended as provided by Delaware law and the Parents
certificate of incorporation.

1.11 No
Further Rights. From and after the Effective Time, no Company Shares shall be deemed to be outstanding, and holders of Company
Shares, certificated or uncertificated, shall cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except as provided herein or by applicable
Law, other than the right to receive Parent Common Stock in connection with the Merger.

1.12 Closing
of Transfer Books. On the Business Day immediately preceding the Effective Time, the stock transfer books of the Company shall
be closed, and no transfer of Company Shares shall thereafter be made. If, after the Effective Time, Company Shares Certificates are presented
to the Parent or the Surviving Corporation, they shall be cancelled and exchanged for Merger Shares in accordance with Section 1.5,
subject to the provisions hereof and applicable Law in the case of Dissenting Shares.

6

1.13 Exemption
from Registration; Rule 144.

(a) The
Parent and the Company intend that the shares of Parent Common Stock to be issued pursuant to Section 1.5, will be issued in a
transaction exempt from registration under the Securities Act, by reason of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation
D promulgated by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) thereunder and that any recipient
of such shares of Parent Common Stock shall be an accredited investor as such term is defined in Regulation D. In addition,
the Parent and the Company intend that the deemed offer and sale of Parent Common Stock to any stockholder of Parent prior to the Merger
under Rule 145a under the Securities Act will be exempt from registration under the Securities Act by reason of Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated by the SEC thereunder and that each holder of such shares of Parent Common Stock
shall be an accredited investor as such term is defined in Regulation D. The shares of Parent Common Stock to be issued
pursuant to Section 1.5 hereof will be restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act and
may not be offered, sold, pledged, assigned or otherwise transferred unless (A) a registration statement with respect thereto is effective
under the Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws, or (B) an exemption from such registration exists and either the Parent
receives an opinion of counsel to the holder of such securities, which counsel and opinion are satisfactory to the Parent, that such securities
may be offered, sold, pledged, assigned or transferred in the manner contemplated without an effective registration statement under the
Securities Act or applicable state securities laws; and the certificates (or book-entry security entitlements) representing such shares
of Parent Common Stock will bear an appropriate legend and restriction on the books of the Parent or its transfer agent to that effect.

(b) The
Parent is a shell company as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act). The Company acknowledges that pursuant to Rule 144(i), securities issued by a former shell company (such as the Merger
Shares) that otherwise meet the holding period and other requirements of Rule 144 nevertheless cannot be sold in reliance on Rule 144
until one year after the Parent (i) is no longer a shell company; and (ii) has filed current Form 10 information (as defined
in Rule 144(i)) with the SEC reflecting that it is no longer a shell company, and provided that at the time of a proposed sale
pursuant to Rule 144, the Parent is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and has filed all
reports and other materials required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports. As a result,
the restrictive legends on certificates or book entry positions for the Merger Shares cannot be removed except in connection with an actual
sale meeting the foregoing requirements or pursuant to an effective registration statement.

(c) Notwithstanding
Section 1.13(a) and (b) hereto, the Parent has entered into that certain Registration Rights Agreement, on or about the
date hereof, by and among the Parent, the Purchasers (as defined therein), the persons or entities holding Pre-Merger Warrants (as defined
therein), the persons or entities holding Note Conversion Shares (as defined therein), the persons or entities holding Placement Agent
Warrants (each as defined therein), and the persons or entities holding Registrable Pre-Merger Shares (as defined therein) (the Registration
Rights Agreement), pursuant to which the Parent will file, subject to customary exceptions and the other terms and conditions
provided therein, a registration statement with the SEC, covering the Registrable Securities (as defined therein).

7

1.14 Certain
Tax Matters. The Parties hereby adopt this Agreement as a plan of reorganization within the meaning of Sections
1.368-2(g) and 1.368-3(a) of the Treasury Regulations. Each of the Parties shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause the transactions
contemplated hereby to qualify for the Intended Tax Treatment. None of the Parties shall (and each of the Parties shall cause their respective
Subsidiaries and Affiliates not to) take any action, or fail to take any action, that could reasonably be expected to cause the Merger
to fail to qualify for the Intended Tax Treatment. The Parties intend to report and, except to the extent otherwise required by a final
determination within the meaning of Section 1313(a) of the Code (or analogous provisions of state, local or other Tax Laws), shall
report (including, without limitation, on all applicable United States, state, local or foreign government reports, returns, declarations,
statements, or other information required to be supplied to a taxing authority, or submitted to a third party pursuant to Tax Laws, in
connection with Taxes (collectively, Tax Returns) and in connection with any Tax audit), for all Tax purposes, the
transactions contemplated hereby in accordance with the Intended Tax Treatment. For purposes of this Agreement, Tax
or Taxes means any and all taxes or levies or other similar assessments or liabilities in the nature of a tax, including
without limitation income, gross receipts, ad valorem, premium, value-added, excise, real property, personal property, sales, use, transfer,
withholding, employment, unemployment insurance, social security, business license, business organization, environmental, workers compensation,
payroll, profits, license, lease, service, service use, severance, stamp, occupation, windfall profits, customs, duties, franchise and
other taxes, imposed by the United States of America or any state, local or foreign government, or any agency thereof, or other political
subdivision of the United States or any such government, and any interest, fines, penalties, assessments or additions to tax resulting
from, attributable to or incurred in connection with any tax or any contest or dispute thereof.

1.15 Withholding.
Parent shall be entitled to deduct and withhold (or cause to be deducted and withheld) from any consideration payable or transferrable
pursuant to this Agreement such amounts as are required to be deduced and withheld under applicable Tax Laws. If Parent determines that
an amount is required to be deducted or withheld (other than for any payments treated as compensation for or with respect to employment
under applicable Tax Law), Parent shall provide the person with respect to which the deduction or withholding is to be made with (a) reasonable
advance notice of the intent to withhold, (b) sufficient opportunity to provide any forms or other documentation, and otherwise cooperation
with such person to take such other steps, in order to reduce or eliminate such deduction or withholding, and (c) a statement in reasonable
detail of the reasons Parent believes such withholding is required under applicable Laws. To the extent that amounts are so withheld and
timely remitted to the applicable taxing authority, such withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having
been paid to the person in respect of which such deduction and withholding was made. The Parties shall cooperate in good faith to eliminate
or reduce any such deduction or withholding (including through the request and provision of any statements, forms or other documents to
reduce or eliminate any such deduction or withholding).

1.16 Debt
Payoff. At the first closing of the Private Placement Offering, the Parent shall cause to be paid from the gross proceeds thereof
to the Debt Holder (as defined below) the amount specified in the Payoff Letter.

8

ARTICLE II.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

The Company represents
and warrants to the Parent that the statements contained in this ARTICLE II are true and correct, except as set forth in the disclosure
schedule provided by the Company to the Parent on the date hereof (the Company Disclosure Schedule). The Company
Disclosure Schedule shall be arranged in separate schedules corresponding to the numbered and lettered paragraphs contained in this ARTICLE
II; and to the extent that it is reasonably apparent from the context of any disclosure that such disclosure also applies to any other
numbered paragraph contained in this ARTICLE II, such disclosure shall qualify such other corresponding numbered paragraph in this ARTICLE
II. For purposes of this ARTICLE II, the phrase to the knowledge of the Company or any phrase of similar import shall be
deemed to refer to the actual knowledge of any of the individuals identified on Schedule 2 as well as any other knowledge which
such person would have possessed had such person made reasonable inquiry of officers, directors and key employees of the Company and the
accountants and attorneys of the Company.

2.1 Organization,
Qualification and Corporate Power. The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under
the Laws of the State of Delaware. The Company is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing under the Laws of each jurisdiction
in which the nature of its businesses or the ownership or leasing of its properties requires such qualification, except where the failure
to be so qualified or in good standing, individually or in the aggregate, has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect (as defined below). The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to carry on the businesses in
which it is engaged and to own and use the properties owned and used by it. The Company has furnished or made available to the Parent
complete and accurate copies of its certificate of incorporation and by-laws, each as amended to date. The Company is not in default under
or in violation of any provision of its certificate of incorporation, as amended to date, or its by-laws, as amended to date, or under
any Material Contract (as defined below), except where such default or violation would not be reasonably expected to have a Company Material
Adverse Effect. For purposes of this Agreement, Company Material Adverse Effect means any effect that either alone
or in combination with any other effect has a material adverse effect on (i) the assets, business, financial condition or results of operations
of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries (as defined below), taken as a whole or (ii) the ability of the Company to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement; provided, that, in no event shall any effects (whether alone or in
combination) resulting from or arising in connection with any of the following be deemed to constitute, nor shall any of the following
be taken into account in determining whether there has occurred, a Company Material Adverse Effect: (a) conditions generally affecting
the industries in which the Company participates or the U.S. or global economy or capital markets as a whole; (b) any failure by the Company
or its Subsidiaries to meet internal projections, budgets, or forecasts or revenue or earnings predictions; (c) the execution, delivery,
announcement, pendency or performance of the obligations under this Agreement or the announcement, pendency or anticipated consummation
of the Merger or other transactions contemplated hereby; (d) any acts of terrorism, sabotage, military action or war (whether or not declared)
or other international or national calamity or any escalation or worsening thereof; (e) earthquakes, hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, epidemics
or disease outbreaks or other natural disasters or Acts of God; (f) any changes (after the date of this Agreement) in United States generally
accepted accounting principles (GAAP), other applicable accounting rules or applicable Law, or changes or developments
in political, regulatory or legislative conditions; (g) general financial, credit, capital market or regulatory conditions or any changes
therein (provided, however, that such effects do not affect the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole disproportionately as compared
to other similarly situated participants in the industry in which the Company operates); (h) any matter disclosed in the Company Disclosure
Schedule or the draft Super 8-K (as defined below) provided to Parent on February 11, 2025 (excluding any disclosures (whether
contained under the heading Risk Factors, in any forward-looking statements disclaimer or in any other section)
therein to the extent they are predictive or forward-looking in nature); or (i) the taking of any action required by this Agreement, the
failure to take any action prohibited by this Agreement, or the taking of any action at the written request or with the prior written
consent of the Parent and/or the Acquisition Subsidiary.

9

2.2 Capitalization.
As of the date hereof, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of (a) 10,000 shares of Company common stock and (b) no shares
of preferred stock. As of the date of this Agreement, and without giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or
any of the other Transaction Documentation, 1,505 shares of Company common stock are issued and outstanding, and no Company Shares are
held in the treasury of the Company. As of the date of this Agreement and as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, there are no
outstanding options to purchase shares of the Company common stock (Company Options). As of the date of this Agreement
and as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, there are and will be outstanding warrants to purchase Company Shares as set forth
on Section 2.2 of the Company Disclosure Schedule (Company Warrants). As of the date of this Agreement and
as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, there are and will be outstanding the promissory notes of the Company that are convertible
into shares of the Companys common stock or preferred stock as set forth on Section 2.2 of the Company Disclosure Schedule
(Company Convertible Notes). Section 2.2 of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete and accurate
list of (a) all Company Stockholders, indicating the number and class of the Companys shares held by each Company Stockholder,
(b) all stock option plans and other stock or equity-related plans of the Company (Company Equity Plans) and the
number of shares of company common stock or preferred stock reserved for future awards thereunder, (c) all outstanding Company Options,
indicating (i) the holder thereof, (ii) the number and class of the Companys shares subject to each Company Option, (iii) the exercise
price, date of grant, vesting schedule and expiration date for each Company Option, and (iv) any terms regarding the acceleration of vesting
in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, (d) all outstanding Company Warrants, indicating (i) the holder thereof, (ii)
the number of shares of Company common stock or preferred stock subject to each Company Warrant, (iii) the exercise price, date of grant,
vesting schedule and expiration date for each Company Warrant, and (iv) any terms regarding the acceleration of vesting in connection
with the transactions contemplated hereby, and (e) all outstanding Company Convertible Notes, indicating (i) the holder thereof, (ii)
the original and outstanding principal amounts thereof, (iii) the interest rate thereon, (iv) the maturity date thereof, and (v) the conversion
price per Company share therein (or the formula for determining such price). All of the issued and outstanding shares of Company capital
stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid, nonassessable and, effective as of the Effective Time, subject to Section 2.2
of the Company Disclosure Schedule are free of all preemptive rights and have been issued in accordance with applicable Laws, including
but not limited to, the Securities Act. and not in violation of any Security Interests, purchase, option, call option, right of first
refusal, preemptive right, subscription right or any similar right Other than Company Warrants listed in Section 2.2 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, or as contemplated by the Private Placement Offering, there are no outstanding or authorized options, warrants,
phantom stock or similar rights, securities, rights, agreements or commitments to which the Company is a party or which are binding upon
the Company providing for the issuance or redemption of any shares of Company common stock or preferred stock, or pursuant to which any
outstanding shares of Company common stock or preferred stock is subject to vesting. Other than as listed in Section 2.2 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule or as contemplated by this Agreement or the Private Placement Offering, there are no agreements to which the Company
is a party or by which it is bound with respect to the voting (including without limitation voting trusts or proxies), registration under
the Securities Act, or sale or transfer (including without limitation agreements relating to pre-emptive rights, rights of first refusal,
co-sale rights or drag-along rights) of any securities of the Company. To the knowledge of the Company, there are no agreements
among other parties, to which the Company is not a party and by which it is not bound, with respect to the voting (including without limitation
voting trusts or proxies) or sale or transfer (including without limitation agreements relating to rights of first refusal, co- sale rights
or drag-along rights) of any securities of the Company. All of the issued and outstanding shares of Company common stock
or preferred stock were issued in compliance with applicable securities Laws.

2.3 Authorization
of Transaction. Subject to the receipt of the Company Consents (as defined below), the Company has all requisite corporate
power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery by the
Company of this Agreement and the Transaction Documentation to which it is a party, and, subject to the adoption of this Agreement and
(a) the approval of the Merger by the vote of Company Stockholders required by the DGCL and the Companys by-laws, (b) any required
vote in accordance with the requirements of Section 280G(b)(5)(B) of the Code and the final and temporary regulations promulgated under
the Code by the United States Department of the Treasury, and (c) the approvals and waivers set forth in Section 2.3 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule (collectively, the Company Consents), the consummation by the Company of the transactions
contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, the board of directors of the Company (i) determined that the Merger is fair and in the best interests
of the Company and the Company Stockholders, (ii) adopted this Agreement in accordance with the provisions of the DGCL, and (iii) directed
that this Agreement and the Merger be submitted to the Company Stockholders for their adoption and approval and resolved to recommend
that the Company Stockholders vote in favor of the adoption of this Agreement and the approval of the Merger. This Agreement has been
duly and validly executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming it is a valid and binding obligation of the Parent and the Acquisition
Subsidiary, constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except
as such enforceability may be limited under applicable bankruptcy, insolvency and similar Laws, rules or regulations affecting creditors
rights and remedies generally and to general principles of equity, whether applied in a court of Law or a court of equity.

10

2.4 Non-contravention.
Subject to the receipt of Company Consents and the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
in accordance with the DGCL, neither the execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement or the Transaction Documentation to which
it is a party, nor the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby will (a) conflict with or violate
any provision of the certificate of incorporation or the by-laws of the Company, each as amended to date, (b) require on the part of the
Company any filing with, or any permit, authorization, consent or approval of, any court, arbitrational tribunal, administrative agency
or commission or other governmental or regulatory authority or agency (a Governmental Entity), except for such permits,
authorizations, consents and approvals as to which the failure to obtain or make the same would not reasonably be expected to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect and would not reasonably be expected to adversely affect the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby,
(c) except as set forth in Section 2.4 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, conflict with, result in a breach of, constitute (with
or without due notice or lapse of time or both) a default under, result in the acceleration of obligations under, create in any party
the right to terminate, modify or cancel, or require any notice, consent or waiver under, any Material Contract, except, in the case of
the foregoing clause (c), for any conflict, breach, default, acceleration, termination, modification or cancellation which would not reasonably
be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect or any notice, consent or waiver the absence of which would not reasonably be expected
to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, (d) result in the imposition of any Security Interest upon any material assets of the Company
or (e) violate any federal, state, local, municipal, foreign, international, multinational, or other constitution, law, statute, ordinance,
principle of common law, rule, regulation, code, governmental determination, order, writ, injunction, decree, treaty, convention, governmental
certification requirement or other public limitation, U.S. or non-U.S., including Tax and U.S. antitrust laws, in each case issued or
imposed by a Governmental Entity (collectively, Laws) applicable to the Company, except, in the case of the foregoing
clause (e), such violations that would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. For purposes of this Agreement,
Security Interest means any mortgage, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, charge or other lien (whether arising
by contract or by operation of law), other than (i) mechanics, materialmens and similar Security Interests, (ii) Security
Interests arising under workers compensation, unemployment insurance, social security, retirement and similar legislation, (iii)
Security Interests on goods in transit incurred pursuant to documentary letters of credit, (iv) Security Interests for current Taxes not
yet due and payable, and (v) restrictions pursuant to applicable securities Laws, in each case arising in the Ordinary Course of Business
(as defined below) of the subject person or entity and not material to the subject person or entity, taken as a whole. For purposes of
this Agreement, Ordinary Course of Business means the ordinary course of such persons business, consistent
with past practice (including with respect to frequency and amount).

2.5 Subsidiaries.

(a) Section
2.5(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth: (i) the name of each Company Subsidiary; (ii) the number and type of outstanding
equity securities of each Company Subsidiary and a list of the holders thereof; and (iii) the jurisdiction of organization of each Company
Subsidiary. For purposes of this Agreement, a Subsidiary shall mean any corporation, partnership, joint venture or
other entity in which a Party has, directly or indirectly, an equity interest representing 50% or more of the equity securities thereof
or other equity interests therein; a Company Subsidiary is a Subsidiary of the Company.

(b) Each
Company Subsidiary is an entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation.
Each Company Subsidiary is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing under the Laws of each jurisdiction in which the
nature of its businesses or the ownership or leasing of its properties requires qualification to do business, except where the failure
to be so qualified or in good standing, individually or in the aggregate, has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect. Each Company Subsidiary has all requisite power and authority to carry on the businesses in which it is engaged
and to own and use the properties owned and used by it. No Company Subsidiary is in default under or in violation of any provision of
its charter, bylaws or other organizational documents. All of the issued and outstanding equity securities of each Company Subsidiary
(i) are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive rights, (ii) are held of record and beneficially
by either the Company or any other Company Subsidiary and (iii) are held or owned free and clear of any restrictions on transfer (other
than restrictions under the Securities Act and state or other applicable securities Laws), claims, Security Interests, options, warrants,
rights, contracts, calls, commitments, equities and demands. Except as set forth in Section 2.5(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
there are no outstanding or authorized options, warrants, rights, agreements or commitments to which the Company or any Company Subsidiary
is a party or which are binding on any of them providing for the issuance, disposition or acquisition of any equity securities of any
Company Subsidiary.

11

(c) Except
as set forth in Section 2.5(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company does not control directly or indirectly or have
any direct or indirect equity participation or similar interest in any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture,
trust or other business association which is not a Company Subsidiary.

2.6 Compliance
with Laws. The Company:

(a) and
the conduct and operations of its business, are in compliance with each Law applicable to the Company or any of its properties or assets,
except for any violations or defaults that, individually or in the aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have
a Company Material Adverse Effect;

(b) has
complied with all federal and state securities Laws and regulations, except for any violations or defaults that, individually or in the
aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect;

(c) has
not been the subject of any voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy proceeding, nor has it been a party to any material litigation or, within
the past two years, the subject of any threat of material litigation; and

(d) is
not and has not, and to the knowledge of the Company, the officers and directors of the Company are not and have not in their capacity
as an officer or director of the Company, as applicable, been the subject of any civil, criminal or administrative investigation or proceeding
brought by any federal or state agency having regulatory authority over such entity or person or alleging a violation of securities Laws
(in the case of an individual, that is described in Item 401(f)(1)-(3) of SEC Regulation S-K).

2.7 Financial
Statements. The Company has provided or made available to the Parent: (a) the audited balance sheet of the Company at December
31, 2023, and the related statements of operations and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 (collectively, the Company
Financial Statements) and its unaudited balance sheet (the Company Balance Sheet) as of September 30,
2024 (the Company Balance Sheet Date), and the related unaudited statements of operations and cash flows of the Company
for the nine-month period then ended (the Company Interim Statements). The Company Financial Statements and the Company
Interim Statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods covered thereby (except
in each case as described in the notes thereto), and fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and (to the extent applicable) cash flows of the Company as of the respective dates thereof and for the periods referred to therein and
comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC for inclusion of such Company Financial
Statements and Company Interim Statements in the Parents filings with the SEC as required by the Exchange Act.

2.8 Absence
of Certain Changes. Since the Company Balance Sheet Date, to the knowledge of the Company, there has occurred no event or development
which, individually or in the aggregate, has had, or would reasonably be expected to have, a Company Material Adverse Effect.

2.9 Undisclosed
Liabilities. To the knowledge of the Company, except as set forth in Section 2.9 of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
the Company has no liability (whether absolute or contingent, whether liquidated or unliquidated and whether due or to become due), except
for (a) liabilities shown on the Company Balance Sheet, (b) liabilities not exceeding $100,000 in the aggregate that have arisen since
the Company Balance Sheet Date in the Ordinary Course of Business, (c) contractual and other liabilities incurred in the Ordinary Course
of Business which are not required by GAAP to be reflected on a balance sheet, and (d) liabilities under this Agreement or reasonably
incurred in connection with the negotiation and execution of this Agreement.

12

2.10 Contracts.
(a) Each Material Contract (as defined below) of the Company is a legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligation of the Company and
in full force and effect, except as such enforceability may be limited under applicable bankruptcy, insolvency and similar Laws affecting
creditors rights and remedies generally and to general principles of equity whether applied in a court of Law or a court of equity,
(b) neither the Company nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any other party, is in breach or violation of, or default under, any such
Material Contract, except for any breach, violation or default that has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect, and (c) no event has occurred, is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, is threatened, which, after the
giving of notice, with lapse of time, or otherwise, would constitute a breach or default by the Company of such Material Contract, except
for any breach, violation or default that has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect,
and, to the knowledge of the Company, no such event has occurred, is pending or is threatened with respect to any other contracting party
to a Material Contract which, after the giving of notice, with lapse of time, or otherwise, would constitute a breach or default by such
other party of such Material Contract, except for any breach, violation or default that has not had and would not reasonably be expected
to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. For purposes of this Section 2.10, a Material Contract is a material contract
as defined by Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K.

2.11 Litigation.
There is no action, suit, proceeding, claim, arbitration or investigation before any Governmental Entity or before any arbitrator (a Legal
Proceeding) which is pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened against the Company in writing which (a) seeks
either damages in excess of $250,000 individually or $1,000,000 in the aggregate, (b) if determined adversely to the Company, would have
or be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect or (c) in any manner challenges
or seeks to prevent, enjoin, alter or delay the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

2.12 Brokers
Fees. Other than as set forth on Section 2.12 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company has no liability or obligation
to pay any fees or commissions to any broker, finder or agent with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

2.13 Books
and Records. The Company has made available to Parent its minute books and other similar records of the Company, which, to
the Companys knowledge, include records, which records are complete and accurate in all material respects, of meetings of the Company
Stockholders, board of directors or any committees thereof and written consents executed in lieu of the holding of any such meetings.

2.14 Schedule
14_F-1. The Company has supplied the Parent all information with respect to it and its nominees, officers, directors and Affiliates
required by such Section 14(f) and Rule 14f-1, and such information is true, correct and complete in all material respects.

2.15 No
Other Representations. The representations and warranties contained in this ARTICLE II are the only representations and warranties
made by the Company. The Company disclaims any and all other representations and warranties other than those contained in this ARTICLE
II, whether express or implied. The Company hereby expressly disclaims any such other representation or warranty, whether by the Company,
or any of its representatives or any other person, notwithstanding the delivery or disclosure to Parent, Acquisition Subsidiary or any
other person of any documentation or other written or oral information by the Company or any of its representatives.

2.16 Independent
Investigation; Disclaimer of Other Representations. The Company acknowledges and agrees that (a) in making its decision to enter into
this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, it has relied solely upon its own investigation and the express
representations and warranties of the Parent and the Acquisition Subsidiary set forth in ARTICLE III of this Agreement (and as qualified
by the Parent Disclosure Schedule), (b) the express representations and warranties made by the Parent and the Acquisition Subsidiary in
ARTICLE III of this Agreement (and as qualified by the Parent Disclosure Schedule) are the exclusive representations and warranties made
by the Parent and Acquisition Subsidiary with respect to the Parent and Acquisition Subsidiary or the subject matter of this Agreement,
and (c) no other Person has made any representation or warranty as to the Parent or the Acquisition Subsidiary, except for those representations
and warranties made by the Parent and Acquisition Subsidiary as expressly set forth in ARTICLE III of this Agreement (and as qualified
by the Parent Disclosure Schedule). The Company specifically disclaims that it is relying upon or has relied upon any such other representations
or warranties that may have been made by any Person and acknowledges that the Parent and Acquisition Subsidiary and their respective Affiliates
hereby specifically disclaim any such other representation or warranty made by any Person. Except for the representations and warranties
of the Parent and Acquisition Subsidiary set forth in ARTICLE III (and as qualified by the Parent Disclosure Schedule), neither the Parent
nor the Acquisition Subsidiary is, directly or indirectly, and no other Person on behalf of the either the Parent or the Acquisition Subsidiary
is, making, and the Company specifically disclaims that it is relying on, any representations or warranties regarding any pro-forma financial
information, financial projections or other forward-looking prospects, risks or statements (financial or otherwise) of the Parent or the
Acquisition Subsidiary made, communicated or furnished (orally or in writing) to the Company or its representatives (including any opinion,
information, projection or advice in any management presentation), and the Parent and Acquisition Subsidiary disclaims any and all liability
and responsibility for any such information and statements.

13

ARTICLE III.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE PARENT AND THE ACQUISITION SUBSIDIARY

Each of the Parent
and the Acquisition Subsidiary represents and warrants to the Company, jointly and severally, that the statements contained in this ARTICLE
III are true and correct, except as set forth in the disclosure schedule provided by the Parent to the Company on the date hereof (the
Parent Disclosure Schedule). The Parent Disclosure Schedule shall be arranged in separate schedules corresponding
to the numbered and lettered paragraphs contained in this ARTICLE III; and to the extent that it is reasonably apparent from the context
of any disclosure that such disclosure also applies to any other numbered paragraph contained in this ARTICLE III, such disclosure shall
qualify such other corresponding numbered paragraph in this ARTICLE III. For purposes of this ARTICLE III, the phrase to the knowledge
of the Parent or any phrase of similar import shall be deemed to refer to the actual knowledge of any director or executive officer
of the Parent as well as any other knowledge which such person would have possessed had such person made reasonable inquiry of officers,
directors and key employees of the Parent and the accountants and attorneys of the Parent.

3.1 Organization,
Qualification and Corporate Power. The Parent is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under
the Laws of the State of Delaware and the Acquisition Subsidiary is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing
under the Laws of the State of Delaware. The Parent is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing under the Laws of each
jurisdiction in which the nature of its businesses or the ownership or leasing of its properties requires such qualification, except where
the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, individually or in the aggregate, has not had and would not reasonably be expected
to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect (as defined below). The Parent has all requisite corporate power and authority to carry on the
businesses in which it is engaged and to own and use the properties owned and used by it. The Parent has furnished or made available to
the Company complete and accurate copies of its certificate of incorporation and by-laws, each as amended to date. Neither the Parent
nor the Acquisition Subsidiary is in default under or in violation of any provision of its certificate of incorporation, as amended to
date, its by-laws, as amended to date, or any mortgage, indenture, lease, license or any other agreement or instrument referred to in
Sections 3.15 or 3.16, except where such default or violation would not reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.
The Parent is a shell company, formed as a vehicle to pursue a business combination and has no current or historical operations
and only nominal assets. For purposes of this Agreement, Parent Material Adverse Effect means any effect that either
alone or in combination with any other effect has a material adverse effect on (i) the assets, business, financial condition, or results
of operations of the Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole or (ii) the ability of the Parent or the Acquisition Subsidiary to
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; provided, that, in no event shall any effects (whether
alone or in combination) resulting from or arising in connection with any of the following be deemed to constitute, nor shall any of the
following be taken into account in determining whether there has occurred, a Parent Material Adverse Effect: (a) conditions generally
affecting the industries in which the Parent participates or the U.S. or global economy or capital markets as a whole; (b) any failure
by the Parent or its Subsidiaries to meet internal projections, budgets or forecasts or revenue or earnings predictions; (c) the execution,
delivery, announcement, pendency or or performance of the obligations under this Agreement or the announcement, pendency or anticipated
consummation of the Merger or other transactions contemplated hereby; (d) any natural disaster or any acts of terrorism, sabotage, military
action or war or any escalation or worsening thereof; (e) any changes (after the date of this Agreement) in GAAP, other applicable accounting
rules or applicable Law, or changes or developments in political, regulatory or legislative conditions, or (f) the taking of any action
required by this Agreement, the failure to take any action prohibited by this Agreement, or the taking of any action at the written request
or with the prior written consent of the Parent and/or the Acquisition Subsidiary.

14

3.2 Capitalization.
As of immediately prior to the Effective Time, after giving effect to the surrender and cancellation of the Cancelled Shares, but prior
to giving effect to the issuance of the Merger Shares or the shares to be issued in the Private Placement Offering, the authorized capital
stock of the Parent will consist of 50,000,000 shares of Parent Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of which 3,250,000 shares will
be issued and outstanding (the Pre-Merger Shares), and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.0001 par value per
share, of which no shares will be outstanding. Section 3.2 of the Parent Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete and accurate
list of all stockholders of the Parent, indicating the number and class of Pre-Merger Shares held by each stockholder. All of the issued
and outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid, nonassessable and free of all preemptive,
anti-dilution and similar rights and have been issued in accordance with applicable Laws, including, but not limited to, the Securities
Act, and not in violation of any Security Interests, purchase, option, call option, right of first refusal, preemptive right, subscription
right or any similar right. Except in connection with the Private Placement Offering, as expressly contemplated by the Transaction Documentation,
there are no outstanding or authorized options, warrants, rights, agreements or commitments to which the Parent is a party or which are
binding upon the Parent providing for the issuance or redemption of any of its capital stock. There are no outstanding or authorized stock
appreciation, phantom stock or similar rights with respect to the Parent. Except in connection with the Private Placement Offering or
as contemplated by the Transaction Documentation, there are no agreements to which the Parent is a party or by which it is bound with
respect to the voting (including without limitation voting trusts or proxies), registration under the Securities Act, or sale or transfer
(including without limitation agreements relating to pre-emptive rights, rights of first refusal, co-sale rights or drag-along
rights) of any securities of the Parent. There are no agreements among other parties, to which the Parent is not a party and by which
it is not bound, with respect to the voting (including without limitation voting trusts or proxies) or sale or transfer (including without
limitation agreements relating to rights of first refusal, co- sale rights or drag-along rights) of any securities of the
Parent. All of the issued and outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock were issued in compliance with applicable federal and state securities
Laws. The Merger Shares to be issued at the Closing pursuant to Section 1.5 hereof, when issued and delivered in accordance with the terms
hereof and of the Certificate of Merger, shall be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free of all preemptive rights
and Security Interests and will be issued in compliance with applicable federal and state securities Laws and not in violation of any
Security Interests, purchase, option, call option, right of first refusal, preemptive right, subscription right or any similar right.

3.3 Authorization
of Transaction. Each of the Parent and the Acquisition Subsidiary has all requisite corporate power and authority to execute
and deliver this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery by the Parent and the Acquisition Subsidiary
of this Agreement and the agreements and documents contemplated hereby (collectively, the Transaction Documentation)
to which it is a party, and the consummation by the Parent and the Acquisition Subsidiary of the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Parent and the Acquisition Subsidiary,
respectively. Each of the documents included in the Transaction Documentation has been duly and validly executed and delivered by the
Parent or the Acquisition Subsidiary, as the case may be, and, assuming it is a valid and binding obligation of the Company, constitutes
a valid and binding obligation of the Parent or the Acquisition Subsidiary, as the case may be, enforceable against them in accordance
with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited under applicable bankruptcy, insolvency and similar Laws, rules or regulations
affecting creditors rights and remedies generally and to general principles of equity, whether applied in a court of Law or a court
of equity.

3.4 Noncontravention.
Subject to the filing of the Certificate of Merger as required by the DGCL, neither the execution and delivery by the Parent or the Acquisition
Subsidiary, as the case may be, of this Agreement or the Transaction Documentation to which it is a party, nor the consummation by the
Parent or the Acquisition Subsidiary, as the case may be, of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, will (a) conflict with or
violate any provision of the organizational documents or bylaws of the Parent or the Acquisition Subsidiary, as the case may be, in each
case as amended to date, (b) require on the part of the Parent or the Acquisition Subsidiary, as the case may be, any filing with, or
any permit, authorization, consent or approval of, any Governmental Entity, other than filing of Form D with the SEC and any applicable
state securities filings with respect to the offering of the Merger Shares, which will be completed by Parent following the Effective
Time in compliance with applicable Laws, (c) conflict with, result in a breach of, constitute (with or without due notice or lapse of
time or both) a default under, result in the acceleration of obligations under, create in any party any right to terminate, modify or
cancel, or require any notice, consent or waiver under, any contract or instrument to which the Parent or the Acquisition Subsidiary,
as the case may be, is a party or by which either is bound or to which any of their assets are subject, except, in the case of the foregoing
clauses (b) and (c), for (i) any conflict, breach, default, failure, acceleration, termination, modification or cancellation which would
not reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect and would not reasonably be expected to adversely affect the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby or (ii) any notice, consent or waiver the absence of which would not reasonably be expected to
have a Parent Material Adverse Effect and would not reasonably be expected to adversely affect the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby, (d) result in the imposition of any Security Interest upon any assets of the Parent or the Acquisition Subsidiary or (e) violate
any Laws applicable to the Parent or the Acquisition Subsidiary, except, in the case of the foregoing clause (e), such violations that
would not reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.

15

3.5 Subsidiaries.

(a) The
Parent has no Subsidiaries, nor does it have any direct or indirect interest in any Subsidiary, other than the Acquisition Subsidiary.
The Acquisition Subsidiary is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in corporate and Tax good standing under the Laws of
the jurisdiction of its organization. The Acquisition Subsidiary was formed solely to effectuate the Merger, and has not conducted any
business operations since its organization. The Parent has delivered or made available to the Company complete and accurate copies of
the charter, bylaws or other organizational documents of the Acquisition Subsidiary. The Acquisition Subsidiary has no assets other than
minimal paid-in capital, has no liabilities or other obligations, and is not in default under or in violation of any provision of its
charter, bylaws or other organizational documents. All of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Acquisition Subsidiary
are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive rights. All shares of the Acquisition Subsidiary
are owned by the Parent free and clear of any restrictions on transfer (other than restrictions under the Securities Act and state securities
Laws), claims, Security Interests, options, warrants, rights, contracts, calls, commitments, equities and demands. There are no outstanding
or authorized options, warrants, rights, agreements or commitments to which the Parent or the Acquisition Subsidiary is a party or which
are binding on any of them providing for the issuance, disposition or acquisition of any capital stock of the Parent or the Acquisition
Subsidiary (except as contemplated by this Agreement). There are no outstanding stock appreciation, phantom stock or similar rights with
respect to the Acquisition Subsidiary. There are no voting trusts, proxies or other agreements or understandings with respect to the voting
of any capital stock of the Acquisition Subsidiary.

(b) At
all times from January 30, 2025 (inception) through the date of this Agreement, the business and operations of the Acquisition Subsidiary
have been conducted exclusively through the Parent.

(c) The
Parent does not control directly or indirectly or have any direct or indirect participation or similar interest in any corporation, partnership,
limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other business association which is not a Subsidiary.

3.6 SEC
Reports and Prior Registration Statement Matters. Since the filing of the Parents Registration Statement on Form 10
on August 10, 2023 (the Parent Form 10), the Parent has timely filed (or has been deemed to have timely filed pursuant
to Rule 12b-25 under the Exchange Act) all reports, forms and documents that it was required to file with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange
Act (together with the Parent Form 10, the Parent Previous Filings). The Parent shall notify the Company immediately
and in writing of the filing of any additional forms, reports or documents with the SEC by the Parent after the date hereof and prior
to the Effective Time, provided that Company is aware that the Parent will timely file a Form 8-K Current Report with respect to the execution
and delivery of this Agreement (together with the Parent Previous Filings, the Parent SEC Filings). The Parent has
timely filed (or has been deemed to have timely filed pursuant to Rule 12b-25 under the Exchange Act) and made publicly available on the
SECs EDGAR system, and the Company may rely upon, all certifications and statements required by (i) Rule 13a-14 or Rule 15d-14
under the Exchange Act and (ii) Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 with respect to any documents filed with the SEC. The Parent
is in compliance in all material respects with all of the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 which are applicable to it. The
Parent SEC Filings complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder
when filed. As of the date hereof, there are no outstanding or unresolved comments in comment letters received from the staff of the SEC
with respect to any of the Parent SEC Filings. As of their respective dates, the Parent SEC Filings, including any financial statements,
schedules or exhibits included or incorporated by reference therein, did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading. None of the Subsidiaries of the Parent is required to file or furnish any forms, reports or other documents
with the SEC. No order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement of the Parent under the Securities Act or the Exchange
Act has been issued by the SEC and, to the Parents knowledge after reasonable inquiry, no proceedings for that purpose have been
initiated or threatened by the SEC. Since the most recent filing of such certifications and statements, there have been no significant
changes in the Parents internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange
Act), or in other factors that could significantly affect its disclosure controls and procedures. The Parent has established and maintains
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 under the Exchange Act) and such controls and procedures are
effective in ensuring that material information relating to the Parent, including its Subsidiaries, is made known to the principal executive
officer and the principal financial officer.

16

3.7 Compliance
with Laws. Each of the Parent and its Subsidiaries:

(a) and
the conduct and operations of their respective businesses, are in compliance in all material respects with each Law applicable to the
Parent, any Subsidiary of the Parent or any of their properties or assets;

(b) has
complied with all federal and state securities Laws and regulations, including being current in all of its reporting obligations under
such federal and state securities laws and regulations, except for any violations or defaults that, individually or in the aggregate,
have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect, and all prior issuances of its securities
have been either registered under the Securities Act or exempt from registration;

(c) has
not been the subject of any voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy proceeding, nor has it been a party to any material litigation or, within
the past three years, the subject of any threat of material litigation;

(d) is
not and has not, and the past and present officers, directors and Affiliates of the Parent are not and have not, been the subject of,
nor does any officer or director of the Parent have any reason to believe that the Parent or any of its officers, directors or Affiliates
are the subject of, any civil, criminal or administrative investigation or proceeding brought by any federal or state agency having regulatory
authority over such entity or person or alleging a violation of securities Laws (in the case of an individual, that is described in Item
401(f)(1)-(3) of SEC Regulation S-K);

(e) except
as set forth in Section 3.7(e) of the Parent Disclosure Schedule, does not and will not at the Closing, have any liabilities, contingent
or otherwise, including but not limited to notes payable and accounts payable, and is not a party to any executory agreements; and

(f) is
not a blank check company as such term is defined by Rule 419 of the Securities Act, except for Parent which is a blank
check company.

3.8 Financial
Statements. The audited financial statements and unaudited interim financial statements of the Parent included in the Parent
SEC Filings (collectively, the Parent Financial Statements) (a) complied as to form in all material respects with
applicable accounting requirements and, as appropriate, the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto when filed,
(b) were prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods covered thereby (except as may be indicated
therein or in the notes thereto, and in the case of quarterly financial statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q under the Exchange Act),
(c) fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Parent as of the respective
dates thereof and for the periods referred to therein, and (d) are consistent in all material respects with the books and records of the
Parent. There has been no change in Parent accounting policies except as described in the notes to the Parent Financial Statements.

17

3.9 Absence
of Certain Changes. Since the date of the most recent balance sheet contained in a Parent SEC Filing, Parent has conducted
its business only in the ordinary course consistent with past practice, and there has not occurred or been entered into, as the case may
be, any (a) event or development which, individually or in the aggregate, has had, or could reasonably be expected to have in the future,
a Parent Material Adverse Effect, (b) event that would reasonably be expected to prevent or materially delay the performance of the Parents
obligations pursuant to this Agreement, (c) material change by the Parent in its accounting methods, principles or practices, (d) declaration,
setting aside or payment of any dividend or distribution in respect of the shares of capital stock of the Parent or any redemption, purchase
or other acquisition of any of the Parents securities, (e) increase in the compensation or benefits payable or to become payable
to any officers or directors of the Parent or the Acquisition Subsidiary or establishment or modification of any compensatory plan of
the Parent, (f) issuance, grants or sale of any stock, options, warrants, notes, bonds or other securities, or entry into any agreement
with respect thereto by the Parent, (g) amendment to the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of the Parent, (h) capital expenditures
by the Parent, purchase, sale, assignment or transfer of any material assets by the Parent, mortgage, pledge or existence of any Security
Interest, lien, encumbrance or charge on any material assets or properties, tangible or intangible of the Parent, except for liens for
Taxes not yet due, or any cancellation, compromise, release or waiver by the Parent of any rights of material value or any material debts
or claims, (i) incurrence by the Parent of any material liability (absolute or contingent), except for current liabilities and obligations
incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business (which liabilities are not material, individually or in the aggregate), (j) damage, destruction
or similar loss, whether or not covered by insurance, materially affecting the business or properties of the Parent, (k) entry by the
Parent into any agreement, contract, lease or license, (l) acceleration, termination, modification or cancellation of any agreement, contract,
lease or license to which the Parent is a party or by which it is bound, (m) entry by the Parent into any loan or other transaction with
any officers, directors or employees of the Parent, (n) charitable or other capital contribution by the Parent or pledge therefore, (o)
entry by the Parent into any transaction of a material nature, or (p) negotiation or agreement by the Parent to do any of the things described
in the preceding clauses (a) through (o), other than activities in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

3.10 Undisclosed
Liabilities. None of the Parent and its Subsidiaries has any liability (whether known or unknown, whether absolute or contingent,
whether liquidated or unliquidated and whether due or to become due), except for (a) liabilities shown on the most recent balance sheet
contained a Parent SEC Filing, (b) liabilities which have arisen since the date of the most recent balance sheet contained a Parent SEC
Filing in the Ordinary Course of Business which do not exceed $25,000 in the aggregate and (c) contractual and other liabilities incurred
in the Ordinary Course of Business which are not required by GAAP to be reflected on a balance sheet.

3.11 Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements. Neither the Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to, or has any commitment to become a party to,
any joint venture, off balance sheet partnership or any similar contract or arrangement (including any contract or arrangement relating
to any transaction or relationship between or among the Parent and any of its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any unconsolidated Affiliate,
including any structured finance, special purpose or limited purpose entity or person, on the other hand, or any off balance sheet
arrangements (as defined in Item 303(a) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act)), where the result, purpose or intended effect
of such contract is to avoid disclosure of any material transaction involving, or material liabilities of, the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries
in the Parents or such Subsidiarys published financial statements or other Parent SEC Filings.

18

3.12 Tax
Matters.

(a) Each
of the Parent and its Subsidiaries has filed on a timely basis all Tax Returns that it was required to file, and all such Tax Returns
were true, complete, and accurate in all material respects. The officers of the Parent and its Subsidiaries after the Effective Time shall
be responsible for preparing and filing all Tax Returns required to be filed after the Effective Time. Neither the Parent nor any of its
Subsidiaries is or has ever been a member of a group of corporations with which it has filed (or been required to file) consolidated,
combined or unitary Tax Returns, other than a group of which the Parent was the common parent. Each of the Parent and its Subsidiaries
has paid on a timely basis all Taxes that were due and payable. The unpaid Taxes of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for Tax periods through
the date of the balance sheet contained in the most recent Parent SEC Filing do not exceed the accruals and reserves for Taxes (excluding
accruals and reserves for deferred Taxes established to reflect timing differences between book and Tax income) set forth on such balance
sheet. Neither the Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has any actual or potential liability for any Tax obligation of any taxpayer (including
without limitation any affiliated group of corporations or other entities that included the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries during a
prior period) other than the Parent and its Subsidiaries. All Taxes that the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries is or was required by Laws
to withhold or collect have been duly withheld or collected and, to the extent required, have been paid to the proper Governmental Entity.
There are no liens for Taxes (other than Taxes not yet due and payable) upon any of the assets of the Parent or its Subsidiaries.

(b) The
Parent has delivered or made available to the Company complete and accurate copies of all federal and state income Tax Returns, Tax examination
reports, and statements of Tax deficiencies assessed against or agreed to by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries since March 10, 2022,
which is the date of the Parents inception. No examination or audit of any Tax Return of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries
by any Governmental Entity is currently in progress or, to the knowledge of the Parent, threatened or contemplated. Neither the Parent
nor any of its Subsidiaries has been informed by any jurisdiction that the jurisdiction believes that the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries
was required to file any Tax Return for any Taxes generally or for any particular types of Taxes that was not filed. Neither the Parent
nor any of its Subsidiaries has waived any statute of limitations with respect to Taxes or agreed to an extension of time with respect
to a Tax assessment or deficiency.

(c) Neither
the Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries will be required to include any item of income in, or exclude any item of deduction from, taxable
income for any taxable period (or portion thereof) ending after the Closing Date as a result of any: (i) change in method of accounting
for a taxable period ending on or prior to the Closing Date, including any adjustment pursuant to Code Sections 481 or 263A (or any corresponding
or similar provision of state, local or foreign Laws); (ii) use of an improper method of accounting for a taxable period ending on or
prior to the Closing Date; (iii) closing agreement as described in Section 7121 of the Code (or any corresponding or similar
provision of U.S. state, local or non-U.S. Laws) executed on or prior to the Closing Date; (iv) installment sale or open transaction disposition
made on or prior to the Closing Date; (v) prepaid amount or any other income eligible for deferral under the Code or Treasury Regulations
promulgated thereunder (including, without limitation, pursuant to Sections 455 or 456 of the Code, Treasury Regulations Section 1.451-5
and U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the IRS) Revenue Procedure 2004-34, 2004-33 I.R.B. 991) received on or
prior to the Closing Date; (vi) intercompany transactions or any excess loss account described in Treasury Regulations under Section 1502
of the Code (or any corresponding or similar provision of U.S. state, local or non-U.S. income Tax Laws); (vii) election made under Section
108(i) of the Code prior to the Closing or (viii) any similar election, action, or agreement that would have the effect of deferring any
liability for Taxes of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries from any period ending on or before the Closing Date to any period ending
after such date.

19

(d) Neither
the Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has participated in any listed transaction, as defined in Section 6706A(c)(2) of
the Code and Treasury Regulations Section 1.6011- 4(b)(2).

(e) Neither the Parent
nor any of its Subsidiaries has taken or agreed to take any action not contemplated by this Agreement that could reasonably be expected
to prevent the Merger, together with the Private Placement Offering, from qualifying for the Intended Tax Treatment. To the knowledge
of Parent, no facts or circumstances exist that could reasonably be expected to prevent the Merger, together with the Private Placement
Offering, from qualifying for the Intended Tax Treatment.

3.13 Assets.
Each of the Parent and the Acquisition Subsidiary owns or leases all tangible assets necessary for the conduct of its businesses as presently
conducted and as presently proposed to be conducted. Each such tangible asset is free from material defects, has been maintained in accordance
with normal industry practice, is in good operating condition and repair (subject to normal wear and tear) and is suitable for the purposes
for which it presently is used. No asset of the Parent or the Acquisition Subsidiary (tangible or intangible) is subject to any Security
Interest.

3.14 Real
Property. Neither the Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries owns, leases or uses any real property, nor have they ever owned,
leased or used any real property.

3.15 Contracts.
Except for this Agreement, the agreements to be executed by the Parent that are included as exhibits to this Agreement or such agreements
that comprise the Transaction Documentation, the agreements filed as exhibits to the Parent SEC Filings, and the agreements set forth
on Section 3.15 of the Parent Disclosure Schedule, the Parent is not a party to any contract, agreement, arrangement or other understanding,
whether written or oral, which is currently in effect. All agreements or commitments set forth on Section 3.15 of the Parent Disclosure
Schedule shall either be cancelled or satisfied at the Effective Time except for outstanding liabilities set forth in Section 3.7(e)
of the Parent Disclosure Schedule.

3.16 Powers
of Attorney. There are no outstanding powers of attorney executed on behalf of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries.

3.17 Insurance.
The Parent does not own or maintain any insurance policies, nor is any insurance necessary for the operation of its business.

3.18 Litigation.
There is no Legal Proceeding which is pending or, to the Parents knowledge, threatened against the Parent or any Subsidiary of
the Parent and there is no reasonable basis for any proceeding, claim, action or governmental investigation directly or indirectly involving
the Parent, the Acquisition Subsidiary, or the Parents officers, directors or employees, in their capacities as such, individually
or in the aggregate. Neither the Parent nor the Acquisition Subsidiary are party to any inquiry, investigation, order, judgment or decree
conducted or issued by any Governmental Entity.

20

3.19 Employees.

(a) Other
than the sole officer of the Parent, the Parent and the Subsidiaries of the Parent have no employees.

(b) Neither
the Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries is or ever has been a party to or bound by any collective bargaining agreement, nor have any of
them experienced any strikes, grievances, claims of unfair labor practices or other collective bargaining disputes. There has been no
organizational effort made or, to the knowledge of the Parent, threatened, either currently or since the date of organization of the Parent,
by or on behalf of any labor union with respect to the service providers of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries. Each individual providing
services to the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries has been properly classified as an employee or a non-employee service provider with
respect to each such entity for all purposes under applicable Laws. No current or former employee, consultant or director of the Parent
or the Acquisition Subsidiary owes any indebtedness to the Parent, the Acquisition Subsidiary or their Affiliates, nor does the Parent,
the Acquisition Subsidiary or their Affiliates owe any indebtedness to any current or former employee, consultant or director of the Parent
or the Acquisition Subsidiary other than as set forth in the Payoff Letter.

3.20 Employee
Benefits. Neither the Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries or ERISA Affiliates maintains, sponsors or contributes to or in the
past has maintained, sponsored or contributed to any Employee Benefit Plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA, whether or not ERISA
applies to the arrangement) or multiemployer plan (each capitalized term in this sentence as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA).
Neither the execution of this Agreement nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall, individually or
in the aggregate, (a) result in any payment becoming due to any officer, employee, consultant or director of the Parent or the Acquisition
Subsidiary, (b) increase or modify any benefits otherwise payable by the Parent or the Acquisition Subsidiary to any employee, consultant
or director of the Parent or the Acquisition Subsidiary, or (c) result in the acceleration of time of payment or vesting of any such
benefits.

3.21 Environmental
Matters.

(a) Each
of the Parent and its Subsidiaries has complied with all applicable Environmental Laws, except for violations of Environmental Laws that,
individually or in the aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect. There is
no pending or, to the knowledge of the Parent, threatened civil or criminal litigation, written notice of violation, formal administrative
proceeding, or investigation, inquiry or information request by any Governmental Entity, relating to any Environmental Law involving the
Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, except for litigation, notices of violations, formal administrative proceedings or investigations,
inquiries or information requests that, individually or in the aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a
Parent Material Adverse Effect.

21

(b) The
Parent has no environmental reports, investigations or audits relating to premises currently or previously owned or operated by the Parent
or any of its Subsidiaries (whether conducted by or on behalf of the Parent or its Subsidiaries or a third party, and whether done at
the initiative of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or directed by a Governmental Entity or other third party) which were issued or
conducted during the past five years and which the Parent has possession of or access to.

(c) To
the knowledge of the Parent, there is no material environmental liability of any solid or hazardous waste transporter or treatment, storage
or disposal facility that has been used by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries.

(d) For
purposes of this Agreement, Environmental Law means any Law relating to the environment, including without limitation
any Law pertaining to (i) treatment, storage, disposal, generation and transportation of industrial, toxic or hazardous materials or substances
or solid or hazardous waste; (ii) air, water and noise pollution; (iii) groundwater and soil contamination; (iv) the release or threatened
release into the environment of industrial, toxic or hazardous materials or substances, or solid or hazardous waste, including without
limitation emissions, discharges, injections, spills, escapes or dumping of pollutants, contaminants or chemicals; (v) the protection
of wild life, marine life and wetlands, including without limitation all endangered and threatened species; (vi) storage tanks, vessels,
containers, abandoned or discarded barrels, and other closed receptacles; (vii) the reclamation of mines; (viii) health and safety of
employees and other persons; and (ix) manufacturing, processing, using, distributing, treating, storing, disposing, transporting or handling
of materials regulated under any Law as pollutants, contaminants, toxic or hazardous materials or substances or oil or petroleum products
or solid or hazardous waste. As used above, the terms release and environment shall have the meaning set forth
in the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended.

3.22 Permits.
Parent has no licenses, permits and certificates from federal, state, local and foreign authorities (including, without limitation, federal
and state agencies regulating occupational health and safety), or any other Governmental Entity, and none are necessary to its operations
and business.

3.23 Certain
Business Relationships with Affiliates. No Affiliate of the Parent or of any of its Subsidiaries (a) owns any property or right,
tangible or intangible, which is used in the business of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, (b) has any claim or cause of action against
the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, or (c) owes any money to, or is owed any money by, the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries except
as disclosed in the Parent SEC Filings.

3.24 Tax-Free
Reorganization.

(a) The
Parent (i) is not an investment company as defined in Section 368(a)(2)(F)(iii) and (iv) of the Code; (ii) has no present
plan or intention to liquidate the Surviving Corporation or to merge the Surviving Corporation with or into any other corporation or entity,
or to sell or otherwise dispose of the stock of the Surviving Corporation which the Parent will acquire in the Merger, or to cause the
Surviving Corporation to sell or otherwise dispose of its assets, all except in the Ordinary Course of Business of the Parent or if such
liquidation, merger or disposition is described in Section 368(a)(2)(C) or Treasury Regulation Section 1.368-2(d)(4) or Section 1.368-2(k);
and (iii) has no present plan or intention, following the Merger, to issue any additional shares of stock of the Surviving Corporation
or to create any new class of stock of the Surviving Corporation.

22

(b) The
Acquisition Subsidiary is a direct, wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Parent, formed solely for the purpose of engaging in the Merger, and
will carry on no business prior to the Merger.

(c) Immediately
prior to the Merger, the Parent will be in control of Acquisition Subsidiary within the meaning of Section 368(c) of the Code.

(d) Neither
the Parent, nor, to the knowledge of the Parent, any person related to the Parent (within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section
1.368-1(e)(3)) or any person acting as an intermediary for the Parent, has any present plan or intention to reacquire any of the Merger
Shares.

(e) The
Acquisition Subsidiary will have no liabilities assumed by the Surviving Corporation and will not transfer to the Surviving Corporation
any assets subject to liabilities in the Merger.

(f) The
Parent conducts no activities other than activities related to (i) maintaining its legal and/or corporate existence and its status as
a shell company as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, (ii) holding the capital stock of Acquisition Subsidiary,
and (iii) any related accounting, legal, financial, administrative, Tax and other similar activities related to such matters.

(g) The
Acquisition Subsidiary does not hold any property and does not have any Tax attributes immediately prior to the Merger, other than a de
minimis amount of assets to facilitate its organization or maintain its legal existence and Tax attributes related to holding those assets.

(h) The
Parent has not made purchases of its own stock described in Code Section 1202(c)(3)(B) during the one (1)-year period preceding the Closing
Date, except for purchases that are disregarded for such purposes under Treasury Regulations Section 1.1202-2.

(i) As
of the date of this Agreement it is the present intention, and as of the day of the Effective Time it will be the present intention, of
the Parent to continue, either through the Parent or through a member of the Parents qualified group within the meaning
of Treasury Regulations Section 1.368-1(d)(4)(ii) (the Qualified Group), at least one significant historic business
line of the Company, or to use at least a significant portion of the Companys historic business assets in a business, in each case
within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.368-1(d). As of the date of this Agreement and as of the date of the Effective Time,
neither the Parent nor any related person (as defined in Treasury Regulations Section 1.368-1(e)(4)) with respect to the
Parent has or will have any plan or intention to redeem or reacquire, either directly or indirectly, any of the Merger Shares issued to
any holder of Company Shares in connection with the Merger. As of the date of this Agreement and as of the date of the Effective Time,
the Parent does not have and will not have any plan or intention to sell or otherwise dispose of any of the assets of the Company acquired
in the Merger, except for dispositions made in the ordinary course of business or transfers described in Section 368(a)(2)(C) of the Code
or described and permitted in Treasury Regulations Section 1.368-2(k).

23

3.25 Brokers
Fees. Except as listed on Section 3.25 of the Parent Disclosure Schedule, neither the Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries
has any liability or obligation to pay any fees or commissions to any broker, finder or agent with respect to the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.

3.26 Interested
Party Transactions. To the knowledge of the Parent, no officer, director or stockholder of the Parent or any affiliate
(as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) (each, an Affiliate) or associate (as
such term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) of any such person currently has or has had, either directly or indirectly,
(a) an interest in any person that (i) furnishes or sells services or products that are furnished or sold or are proposed to be furnished
or sold by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) purchases from or sells or furnishes to the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries
any goods or services, or (b) other than as disclosed in the Parent SEC Filings, a beneficial interest in any contract or agreement to
which the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which it may be bound or affected. Except as set forth in the Parent SEC
Filings, Parent is not indebted to any officer, director or stockholder of the Parent or any affiliate or associate
of any such person (each such person, a Parent Insider) (except for reimbursement of ordinary business expenses)
and no Parent Insider is indebted to the Parent (except for cash advances for ordinary business expenses), all of which shall be paid
or cancelled immediately at or prior to the Effective Time by Parents stockholders. Neither the Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries
has extended or maintained credit, arranged for the extension of credit, or renewed an extension of credit, in the form of a personal
loan to or for any director or executive officer (or equivalent thereof) of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries.

3.27 Accountants.
Except for the preparation and filing of the Parents corporate Tax Returns, there have been no non-audit services performed by
KNAV CPA LLP (the Parent Auditor) for the Parent and/or any of its Subsidiaries, and the Parent has not taken
any action or failed to take any action that would reasonably be expected to impair the independence of the Parent Auditor. The report
of the Parent Auditor on the financial statements of the Parent for the past fiscal year did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer
of opinion, or was qualified as to uncertainty, audit scope, or accounting principles, although it did express uncertainty as to the Parents
ability to continue as a going concern. During the Parents most recent fiscal year and the subsequent interim periods, there were
no disagreements with the Parent Auditor on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing
scope or procedures. None of the reportable events listed in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) or (v) of Regulation S-K occurred with respect to the
Parent Auditor.

3.28 Minute
Books. The minute books and other similar records of the Parent and each of its Subsidiaries contain, in all material respects,
complete and accurate records of all actions taken at any meetings of directors (or committees thereof) and stockholders or actions by
written consent in lieu of the holding of any such meetings since the time of organization of each such corporation through the date of
this Agreement. The Parent has provided true and complete copies of all such minute books and other similar records to the Companys
representatives.

3.29 Board
Action. The Parents board of directors (a) has unanimously determined that the Merger is advisable and in the best interests
of the Parents stockholders and is on terms that are fair to such Parent stockholders, (b) has caused the Parent, in its capacity
as the sole stockholder of the Acquisition Subsidiary, and the Board of Directors of the Acquisition Subsidiary, to approve the Merger
and this Agreement by unanimous written consent, and (c) adopted this Agreement in accordance with the provisions of the DGCL.

3.30 Intellectual
Property. The Parent does not own or license the right to use any patents, copyrights, trademarks, know-how or software, and
none are or ever have been necessary for the operation of its business. To the Parents knowledge, the Parent is not infringing,
and has never infringed, upon the intellectual property or proprietary rights of any person. There are no claims pending or, to the Parents
knowledge, threatened alleging that the Parent is currently infringing upon or using in an unauthorized manner or violating the intellectual
or proprietary rights of any person, and the Parent is unaware of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim. The
Parent is not, nor will it be as a result of the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the performance of its obligations under
this Agreement, in breach of any license, sublicense or other agreement or contract relating to intellectual property.

3.31 Investment
Company. None of the Parent or Acquisition Subsidiary is as of the date of this Agreement, nor upon the Closing will be, an
investment company, a company controlled by an investment company, or an affiliated person of,
or promoter or principal underwriter for, an investment company, as such terms are defined in
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

24

3.32 Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act. Neither the Parent nor its Subsidiaries, nor to the Parents knowledge, any agent or other person
acting on behalf of the Parent or its Subsidiaries, has: (a) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts,
entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (b) made any unlawful payment to foreign or
domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (c) failed
to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which the Parent is aware) which
is in violation of Law or (d) violated in any material respect any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

3.33 No
Integrated Offering. Neither Parent nor any Affiliates of Parent, nor any person acting on the behalf of any of the foregoing,
has, directly or indirectly, (a) made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to purchase any security, under circumstances
that would require registration of any of the shares of Parent Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement under the Securities Act
or cause this offering of such shares of Parent Common Stock to be integrated with prior offerings by Parent for purposes of the Securities
Act or any applicable shareholder approval requirements of any authority, or (b) made any offers or sales of any security or solicited
any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would require registration of the shares to be issued in the Private Placement
Offering under the Securities Act or cause Private Placement Offering to be integrated with prior offerings by the Parent for purposes
of the Securities Act.

3.34 No
General Solicitation. Neither the Parent, nor any of its Affiliates, nor, to the knowledge of the Parent, any person acting
on its or their behalf, has engaged in any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D) in
connection with the offer or sale of the shares to be issued in the Private Placement Offering.

3.35 Application
of Takeover Provisions. The Parent and its Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable
any control share acquisition, business combination, or other similar takeover, anti-takeover, moratorium, fair price, interested shareholder
or similar provision under the certificate of incorporation of the Parent or the Laws of the State of Delaware to the transactions contemplated
hereby, including the Merger and the Parents issuance of shares of Parent Common Stock to the Company Stockholders. The Parent
has never adopted any shareholder rights plan or similar arrangement relating to accumulations of beneficial ownership of Parent Common
Stock or a change in control of the Parent.

3.36 No
Other Representations. The representations and warranties contained in this ARTICLE III are the only representations and warranties
made by the Parent and Acquisition Subsidiary. The Parent disclaims any and all other representations and warranties other than those
contained in this ARTICLE III, whether express or implied. The Parent hereby expressly disclaims any such other representation or warranty,
whether by the Parent, Acquisition Subsidiary, or any of its representatives or any other person, notwithstanding the delivery or disclosure
to the Company or any other person of any documentation or other written or oral information by the Parent, Acquisition Subsidiary or
any of their respective representatives.

3.37 Independent
Investigation; Disclaimer of Other Representations. The Parent and Acquisition Subsidiary have conducted their own independent investigation,
review and analysis of the business, results of operations, condition (financial or otherwise) and assets of the Company and acknowledge
that they have been provided reasonable access to the personnel, properties, assets, premises, books and records, and other documents
and data of the Company for such purpose. The Parent and Acquisition Subsidiary each acknowledge and agree that (a) in making its decision
to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, it has relied solely upon its own investigation and
the express representations and warranties of the Company set forth in ARTICLE II of this Agreement (and as qualified by the Company Disclosure
Schedule), (b) the express representations and warranties made by the Company in ARTICLE II of this Agreement (and as qualified by the
Company Disclosure Schedule) are the exclusive representations and warranties made by the Company with respect to the Company, its business,
or its assets or the subject matter of this Agreement, and (c) none of the Company Stockholders or any other Person has made any representation
or warranty as to the Company, its business, or its assets or the Company Stockholders, except for those representations and warranties
made by the Company as expressly set forth in ARTICLE II of this Agreement (and as qualified by the Company Disclosure Schedule). Each
of the Parent and Acquisition Subsidiary specifically disclaims that it is relying upon or has relied upon any such other representations
or warranties that may have been made by any Person and acknowledges that the Company and each Company Stockholder and their respective
Affiliates hereby specifically disclaim any such other representation or warranty made by any Person. Except for the representations and
warranties of the Company set forth in ARTICLE II (and as qualified by the Company Disclosure Schedule), none of the Company or any Company
Stockholder is, directly or indirectly, and no other Person on behalf of the Company is, making, and each of the Parent and Acquisition
Subsidiary specifically disclaims that it is relying on, any representations or warranties regarding any pro-forma financial information,
financial projections or other forward-looking prospects, risks or statements (financial or otherwise) of the Company made, communicated
or furnished (orally or in writing) to the Parent or its Affiliates or their respective representatives (including any opinion, information,
projection or advice in any management presentation), and the Company and each Company Stockholder disclaims any and all liability and
responsibility for any such information and statements.

25

ARTICLE IV.
COVENANTS

4.1 Conduct
of the Business Prior to Closing; Closing Efforts.

(a) From
the date hereof to the earlier of the Closing Date or the termination of this Agreement, the Parent shall not take any of the actions
specified in Section 3.9 except (i) as consented to by the Company, (ii) as expressly contemplated by this Agreement or (iii) as required
by applicable Laws.

(b) Each
of the Parties shall use its best efforts, to the extent commercially reasonable in light of the circumstances (Reasonable Best
Efforts), to take all actions and to do all things necessary, proper or advisable to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, including without limitation using its Reasonable Best Efforts to ensure that (a) its representations and warranties
remain true and correct in all material respects through the Closing Date and (b) the conditions to the obligations of the other Parties
to consummate the Merger are satisfied.

4.2 Governmental
and Third-Party Notices and Consents.

(a) Each
Party shall use its Reasonable Best Efforts to obtain, at its expense, all waivers, permits, consents, approvals or other authorizations
from Governmental Entities, and to effect all registrations, filings and notices with or to Governmental Entities, as may be required
for such Party to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and to otherwise comply with all applicable Laws in connection
with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Parent will, following the Effective Time, timely complete
all filings with the SEC and individual states required by Regulation D under the Securities Act with respect to the issuance of the Merger
Shares and in connection with the Private Placement Offering.

(b) The
Company shall use its Reasonable Best Efforts to obtain, at its expense, all such waivers, consents or approvals from third parties, and
to give all such notices to third parties, if any, as are required to be listed in Section 2.4 of the Company Disclosure Schedule.

4.3 Super
8-K. Promptly after the execution of this Agreement, the Parties shall complete a Current Report on Form 8-K relating
to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby (including the Form 10 information required by Items 2.01(f)
and 5.01(a)(8) of Form 8-K and the financial statements required thereby) (the Super 8-K). Each of the Company and
the Parent shall use its Reasonable Best Efforts to cause the Super 8-K to be filed with the SEC within four Business Days after the Closing
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and to otherwise comply with all requirements of applicable federal and state securities
Laws.

4.4 Access
to Information.

(a) During
the period from the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time, the Company shall permit representatives of the Parent to have reasonable
access (during normal business hours at reasonable times, upon reasonable notice, and in a manner so as not to interfere with the normal
business operations of the Company) to all premises, properties, financial and accounting records, contracts, other records and documents,
and personnel, of or pertaining to the Company; except that (i) such investigation will not include the sampling of the soil, groundwater,
surface water, indoor or outdoor air, or vapors of the Companys facilities without the Companys prior written consent and
(ii) the Company shall not be required to disclose any information that would jeopardize attorney-client privilege, contravene any applicable
Law, or violate any agreement binding on the Company as of the date of this Agreement.

26

(b) During
the period from the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time, the Parent and Acquisition Subsidiary shall permit representatives of
the Company to have reasonable access (during normal business hours at reasonable times, upon reasonable notice, and in a manner so as
not to interfere with the normal business operations of the Parent or the Acquisition Subsidiary) to all premises, properties, financial
and accounting records, contracts, other records and documents, and personnel, of or pertaining to the Parent or the Acquisition Subsidiary;
except that neither the Parent nor Acquisition Subsidiary shall be required to disclose any information that would jeopardize attorney-client
privilege, contravene any applicable Law, or violate any agreement binding on the Parent or the Acquisition Subsidiary as of the date
of this Agreement.

(c) The
Parent and each of its Subsidiaries (i) shall treat and hold as confidential any Company Confidential Information (as defined below),
(ii) shall not use any of the Company Confidential Information for any purpose except in connection with this Agreement, and (iii) if
this Agreement is terminated for any reason whatsoever, shall return to the Company or destroy (at the option of the Company) all embodiments
(and destroy all copies) thereof which are in its possession. For purposes of this Agreement, Company Confidential Information
means any information concerning the Company, whether furnished to Parent or any of its Subsidiaries before or after the date of this
Agreement, together with any and all analyses or other documents prepared by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective
directors, employees advisors, attorneys, accountants, consultants, subcontractors, or representatives (collectively Representatives)
which contain or otherwise reflect such information; provided, however, that Company Confidential Information shall not
include any information (A) which, at the time of disclosure, is available publicly other than as a result of non-permitted disclosure
by the Parent, any of its Subsidiaries or their respective Representatives, (B) which, after disclosure, becomes available publicly through
no fault of the Parent, any of its Subsidiaries or their respective Representatives, (C) which the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries knew
or to which the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries had access prior to disclosure, as demonstrated by competent evidence, provided
that the source of such information is not known by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries to be bound by a confidentiality obligation
to the Company, or (D) which the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries rightfully obtains from a source other than the Company, provided
that the source of such information is not known by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries to be bound by a confidentiality obligation
to the Company. Parent and Acquisition Subsidiary shall be liable for any breach of this Section 4.4 by any of their respective
Subsidiaries or Representatives.

(d) The
Company (i) shall treat and hold as confidential any Parent Confidential Information (as defined below), (ii) shall not use any of the
Parent Confidential Information for any purpose except in connection with this Agreement, and (iii) if this Agreement is terminated for
any reason whatsoever, shall return to the Parent or destroy (at the option of Parent) all embodiments (and destroy all copies) thereof
which are in its possession. For purposes of this Agreement, Parent Confidential Information means any information
concerning the Parent or any Subsidiary of the Parent that is furnished to the Company by the Parent or its Subsidiaries in connection
with this Agreement, whether before or after the date of this Agreement, together with any and all analyses or other documents prepared
by the Company or any of its Representatives which contain or reflect such information; provided, however, that Parent Confidential
Information shall not include any information (A) which, at the time of disclosure, is available publicly other than as a result of non-permitted
disclosure by the Company or its Representatives, (B) which, after disclosure, becomes available publicly through no fault of the Company
or its Representatives, (C) which the Company knew or to which the Company had access prior to disclosure, as demonstrated by competent
evidence, provided that the source of such information is not known by the Company or any Company Subsidiary to be bound by a confidentiality
obligation to the Parent or any Subsidiary of the Parent or (D) which the Company rightfully obtains from a source other than the Parent
or a Subsidiary of the Parent, provided that the source of such information is not known by the Company or any Company Subsidiary
to be bound by a confidentiality obligation to the Parent or any Subsidiary of the Parent. Company shall be liable for any breach of this
Section 4.4(d) by any of its Representatives.

4.5 Expenses.
The costs and expenses of each Party (including legal fees and expenses of such Party) incurred in connection with this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the Party that incurred such costs and expenses, unless otherwise agreed to by such
Parties, provided, that, the Parties agree that an aggregate of $150,000 of the fees of Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP related to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Private Placement Offering, plus its reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses
related to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Private Placement Offering, shall be paid from the gross proceeds of
the Private Placement Offering at the first closing thereof.

27

4.6 Indemnification;
Insurance.

(a) The
Parent agrees to, and agrees to cause the Surviving Corporation to, take any action necessary to ensure that all rights to indemnification
and exculpation now existing in favor of any individual who is currently serving, or has previously served, as a director or officer of
the Company as provided in (i) the certificate of incorporation, by-laws, or other governing documents or (ii) any written indemnification
agreements to which any current or former officer or director is a party or bound as of the date of this Agreement will survive the Closing
and will continue in full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms, except in each case for any changes which may be
required to conform with changes in applicable Law and any changes which do not affect the application of such provisions to acts or omissions
of such individuals prior to the Effective Time.

(b) From
and after the Effective Time, the Parent agrees that it will, and will cause the Surviving Corporation to, indemnify and hold harmless
each current and former director and officer of the Company (the Indemnified Executives) against any costs or expenses
(including reasonable attorneys fees), judgments, fines, losses, claims, damages, liabilities or amounts paid in settlement or
otherwise incurred in connection with any claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation, whether civil, criminal, administrative or
investigative, arising out of or pertaining to matters existing or occurring at or prior to the Effective Time, whether asserted or claimed
prior to, at or after the Effective Time, to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware Law (and the Parent and the Surviving Corporation
shall also advance expenses as incurred to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware Law, provided the Indemnified Executive to whom
expenses are advanced provides an undertaking to repay such advances if it is ultimately determined that such Indemnified Executive is
not entitled to indemnification).

(c) From
and after the Effective Time, the Parent agrees that it will take any action necessary to ensure that all rights to indemnification now
existing in favor of any individual who is currently serving, or has previously served, as a director or officer of the Parent and that
is listed on Schedule 4.6(c) (the Parent Indemnified Executives) as provided in (i) the certificate of incorporation,
by-laws or other governing documents of Parent or (ii) (a) any written indemnification agreements to which any Parent Indemnified Executive
is a party or bound as of the date of this Agreement or (b) the indemnification agreements entered into between the Parent and each Parent
Indemnified Executive prior to the Effective Time in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C (collectively, the Pre-Merger
Indemnity Agreement), will survive the Closing and will continue in full force and effect in accordance with their respective
terms, except in each case for any changes which may be required to conform with changes in applicable Law and any changes which do not
affect the application of such provisions to acts or omissions of such individuals prior to the Effective Time.

(d) Effective
as of 12:01 a.m. on the Closing Date, Parent will purchase or cause the Surviving Corporation to purchase, (D&O Insurance)
to be effective as of 12:01 a.m. on the Closing Date, director and officer liability insurance covering the directors and officers of
the Parent and the Surviving Corporation immediately after the Effective Time, and such D&O Insurance shall include coverage for any
acts or omissions that take place on or after the Effective Time, including, without limitation, in connection with the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, and shall be maintained in effect for a period of at least six (6) years following the Effective Time. At the Closing,
Parent will also purchase or cause the Surviving Corporation to purchase, to be effective as of 12:01 a.m. on the Closing Date (i) a directors
and officers liability insurance tail policy to the policy of directors and officers liability insurance
maintained by the Company as of the date of this Agreement with a claims period of six (6) years following the Effective Time, and on
terms and conditions no less favorable to the Indemnified Executives than those in effect under the policy of directors and officers
liability insurance maintained by the Company as of the date of this Agreement with respect to their acts and omissions as directors and
officers of the Company occurring prior to the Effective Time, including, without limitation, in connection with the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement (such policy, the D&O Tail Policy), (ii) a directors and officers liability insurance
policy or policy endorsement covering the Parent Indemnified Executives with a claims period of six (6) years following the Effective
Time, on terms and conditions reasonably satisfactory to the Parent Indemnified Executives with respect to their acts and omissions as
directors and officers of Parent occurring prior to the Effective Time (such policy, the Pre-Merger D&O Policy)
and (iii) run-off coverage as provided by the Companys fiduciary and employee benefit policies, in each case, covering
those Persons who are covered on the date of this Agreement by such policies and with terms, conditions, retentions, and limited of liability
that are no less advantageous than the coverage provided under the Companys policies which are in effect as of the date of this
Agreement.

28

(e) The
provisions of this Section 4.6 shall survive the Closing and are intended to be for the benefit of, and enforceable by, each Indemnified
Executive and Parent Indemnified Executive, as applicable, and nothing in this Agreement shall affect any indemnification rights that
any such person may have under the certificate of incorporation or the by-laws of the Company or the Parent or any contract or instrument
or applicable Law, including any contract, agreement or arrangement between the Parent, the Company, the Surviving Corporation or any
of their respective Subsidiaries (on the one hand) and any such Indemnified Executive, any investor or third party (on the other hand).
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the obligations under this Section 4.6 shall not be terminated or modified
in such a manner as to adversely affect any Indemnified Executive or Parent Indemnified Executive without the prior written consent of
such person. The provisions of this Section 4.6 with respect to limitation of liabilities of any Indemnified Executive and Parent
Indemnified Executive and advancement of expenses and indemnification that are set forth as of the date hereof in the governing documents
of the Company and the Surviving Corporation are incorporated herein by reference and shall continue to apply after the date hereof with
respect to the applicable Person(s) in their current or former capacities. The obligations of this Section 4.6 will be binding
on the successors and assigns of the Parent and the Surviving Corporation.

4.7 Name.
Promptly after the Effective Time, the Parent shall (a) cause the Surviving Corporation to amend its Certificate of Incorporation to change
its corporate name to one other than Adaptin Bio, Inc. and (b) amend its Certificate of Incorporation to change its corporate
name to Adaptin Bio, Inc., or such other name as specified by the Company.

4.8 Parent
Board; Amendment of Charter Documents; Corporate Policies. The Parent shall take such actions as are necessary (including the
solicitation of approvals by the Board of Directors and the stockholders of the Parent), effective at or prior to the Effective Time,
(a) to authorize the Parents Board of Directors to consist of five (5) members, (b) to amend and restate its certificate of incorporation
to read in its entirety as set forth on Exhibit A hereto in a manner satisfactory to the Company, (c) to amend and restate
its bylaws to read in their entirety as set forth on Exhibit B hereto in a manner satisfactory to the Company; and (d)
to adopt various corporate policies and charters in a manner satisfactory to the Company.

4.9 Equity
Plans. As of the Effective Time, (i) the Board of Directors of Parent shall adopt the equity incentive plan provided to Parent
by the Company (the 2025 Plan) and (ii) the stockholders of the Parent shall adopt the 2025 Plan, subject to effectiveness
in accordance with Regulation 14C of the Exchange Act, if applicable. Fifteen percent (15%) of the total number of shares of the Parent
Common Stock to be outstanding after completion of the Merger and the final closing of the Private Placement Offering, on a fully diluted
basis (assuming exercise or conversion of all then-outstanding Parent Common Stock equivalents), will be reserved for future issuance
under the 2025 Plan. The 2025 Plan will provide that the shares of Parent Common Stock reserved for issuance will be subject to increase
annually on the first day of each year beginning in 2027, at the discretion of the Administrator (as such term is defined in the 2025
Plan), in an amount equal to the lesser of (a) at the discretion of the Board of Directors, in an amount up to four percent (4%) of the
shares of stock outstanding (on an as-converted basis) on the last day of the immediately preceding year, or (b) such number of shares
as determined by the Administrator.

29

4.10 Information
Provided to Stockholders. The Company shall prepare, with the cooperation of the Parent, information to be sent to the holders
of Company Shares in connection with soliciting their approval of the Merger, this Agreement and the related transactions, and the Parent
shall prepare, with the cooperation of the Company, information to be sent to the holders of shares of Parent Common Stock in connection
with receiving their approval of the Merger, this Agreement and the related transactions. The Parent and the Company shall each use Reasonable
Best Efforts to cause information provided to such partys stockholders to comply with applicable federal and state securities Laws
requirements and other applicable Laws. Each of the Parent and the Company agrees to provide promptly to the other such information concerning
its business and financial statements and affairs as, in the reasonable judgment of the providing party or its counsel, may be required
or appropriate for inclusion in the information sent, or in any amendments or supplements thereto, and to cause its counsel and auditors
to cooperate with the others counsel and auditors in the preparation of the information to be sent to the stockholders of each
Party. The Company will promptly advise the Parent, and the Parent will promptly advise the Company, in writing if at any time prior to
the Effective Time either the Company or the Parent shall obtain knowledge of any facts that might make it necessary or appropriate to
amend or supplement the information sent in order to make the statements contained or incorporated by reference therein not misleading
or to comply with applicable Laws. The information sent by the Company shall contain the recommendation of the Board of Directors of the
Company that the Company Stockholders approve the Merger and this Agreement and the conclusion of the Board of Directors of the Company
that the terms and conditions of the Merger are advisable and fair and in the best interests of the Company and such holders. The information
sent by the Parent shall contain the conclusion of the Board of Directors of the Parent that the terms and conditions of the Merger are
advisable and fair and in the best interests of the Parent. Anything to the contrary contained herein notwithstanding, the Company shall
not include in the information sent to the Company Stockholders any information with respect to the Parent or its Affiliates or associates,
the form and content of which information shall not have been approved by such party in its reasonable discretion prior to such inclusion.

4.11 Securities
Exemptions. Each of the Company and the Parent will use its commercially reasonable efforts to solicit from each Company Stockholder
and each stockholder of the Parent prior to the Merger, as the case may be, a certification noting whether such stockholder is an accredited
investor as such term is defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act.

4.12 Parent
Auditor Letter. The Parent shall provide the Parent Auditor with a copy of the Super 8-K and shall request that the Parent
Auditor furnish a letter (the Auditor Letter) addressed to the Securities and Exchange Commission stating whether
the Parent Auditor agrees with the statements made about it by the Parent in the Super 8-K.

4.13 Private
Placement. Each of the Company and the Parent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the issuance of the
Merger Shares to Company Stockholders and the deemed offer and sale of shares of Parent Common Stock to Parents stockholders prior
to the Merger are each exempt from registration under the Securities Act.

4.14 Failure
to Fulfill Conditions. In the event that any of the Parties hereto determines that a condition to its respective obligations
to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby cannot be fulfilled on or prior to the termination of this Agreement, it will promptly
notify the other party.

4.15 Notification
of Certain Matters. At or prior to the Effective Time, each party shall give prompt written notice to the other party of (a)
the occurrence or failure to occur of any event or the discovery of any information, which occurrence, failure or discovery would be likely
to cause any representation or warranty on its part contained in this Agreement to be untrue, inaccurate or incomplete after the date
hereof in any material respect or, in the case of any representation or warranty given as of a specific date, would be likely to cause
any such representation or warranty on its part contained in this Agreement to be untrue, inaccurate or incomplete in any material respect
as of such specific date, and (b) any material failure of such party to comply with or satisfy any covenant or agreement to be complied
with or satisfied by it hereunder. Without limiting the foregoing, Parent shall give prompt written notice to the Company of the occurrence
or failure to occur of any event or the discovery of any information, which occurrence, failure or discovery would be likely to cause
any Parent Fundamental Representation to be untrue, inaccurate or incomplete after the date hereof in any respect.

30

4.16 Tax
Matters.

(a) From
and after the date of this Agreement and until the Effective Time, each Party (i) shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to
ensure that the Merger will qualify for the Intended Tax Treatment, and (ii) shall not take any action, cause or permit any action
to be taken, fail to take any action, or cause any action to fail to be taken, which action or failure to act could prevent the Merger
from qualifying for the Intended Tax Treatment. Following the Effective Time, none of the Company, the Parent, or any of their respective
Affiliates shall take any action, cause or permit any action to be taken, fail to take any action, or cause any action to fail to be taken,
which action or failure to act could prevent the Intended Tax Treatment from being applicable.

(b) At and
after the Effective Time, each of the Parent and the Surviving Corporation covenants and agrees that it:

(i) will
maintain all books and records and file all federal, state, and local income Tax Returns and schedules thereto of the Parent, the Surviving
Corporation, and the Acquisition Subsidiary in a manner consistent with the Mergers being qualified as a reorganization and nontaxable
exchange under Section 368(a)(1)(A) of the Code (and comparable provisions of any applicable state or local income Tax Laws);

(ii)
will, either directly or through a member of the Parents Qualified Group, continue at least one significant historic business line
of the Company, or use at least a significant portion of the historic business assets of the Company in a business, in each case within
the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.368-1(d);

(iii) in
connection with the Merger, will not reacquire, and will not permit any person that is a related person (as defined in Treasury
Regulations Section 1.368-1(e)(4)) to the Parent to acquire, any of the Merger Shares issued in connection with the Merger; and

(iv) will
not sell or otherwise dispose of any of the Company assets acquired via the Merger, except for dispositions made in the ordinary course
of business or transfers described in Section 368(a)(2)(C) of the Code or described and permitted in Treasury Regulations Section 1.368-2(k).

ARTICLE
V. CONDITIONS TO CONSUMMATION OF MERGER

5.1 Conditions
to Each Partys Obligations. The respective obligations of each Party to consummate the Merger are subject to the satisfaction
or waiver of the following conditions:

(a) the
Company shall have obtained (and shall have provided copies thereof to the Parent) the written consents or approval from (i) all of the
members of its Board of Directors and (ii) Company Stockholders holding Company Shares representing (x) at least a majority of the votes
represented by the outstanding Company Shares entitled to vote on this Agreement and the Merger, voting as a single class on an as-converted
basis and (y) at least a majority of the votes represented by the outstanding Company Shares entitled to vote on this Agreement and the
Merger held by disinterested Company Stockholders, voting as a separate class on an as-converted basis, in each case to approve the execution,
delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documentation to which the Company is a party, in
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Parent;

31

(b) prior
to the Closing, the Company and the Parent shall have in escrow in connection with the Private Placement Offering an amount of cash that
equals at least $3,500,002, and the conditions to the closing of such Private Placement Offering shall have been satisfied (other than
the consummation of the Merger and those other conditions that, by their nature, will be satisfied at the Closing of the Private Placement
Offering) and such amount of gross proceeds shall be unencumbered cash available to the Parent and the Surviving Corporation at the Effective
Time (other than as expressly contemplated by this Agreement);

(c) the
Company shall have provided evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Parent and the Acquisition Subsidiary of the termination of the Company
agreements set forth on Schedule 5.1(c);

(d) the
Registration Rights Agreement executed by the parties thereto shall be in full force and effect and shall not have been revoked, rescinded
or otherwise repudiated by such parties;

(e) the
Parent and Lucius Partners LLC shall each have executed and delivered to the other the Advisory Services Agreement in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit D (collectively, the Lucius Advisory Services Agreement); and

(f) there
is no order of any court or other Governmental Entity pending or in effect restraining or prohibiting the completion of the transactions
contemplated hereby.

5.2 Conditions
to Obligations of the Parent and the Acquisition Subsidiary. The obligation of each of the Parent and the Acquisition Subsidiary
to consummate the Merger is subject to the satisfaction (or waiver by the Parent) of the following additional conditions:

(a) the
Company shall have obtained (and shall have provided copies thereof to the Parent) all waivers, permits, consents, approvals or other
authorizations, and effected all of the registrations, filings and notices set forth on Schedule 5.2(a);

(b) the
representations and warranties of the Company set forth in this Agreement other than the Company Fundamental Representations (when read
without regard to any qualification as to materiality or Company Material Adverse Effect contained therein) shall be true and correct
as of the date of this Agreement and shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the Effective Time as though made as of
the Effective Time (provided, however, that to the extent such representation and warranty expressly relates to a specified
date, such representation and warranty shall be true and correct as of such specified date), and (ii) the representations and warranties
of the Company set forth in Sections 2.1, 2.2, 2.3, 2.4, 2.5, and 2.12 (the Company
Fundamental Representations) (when read without regard to any qualification as to materiality or Company Material Adverse Effect
contained therein) shall be true and correct in all respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Effective Time as if made
as of the Effective Time (or in the case of representations and warranties that are made as of a specific date, shall have been true and
correct as of such specified date);

32

(c) the
Company shall have performed or complied with its agreements and covenants required to be performed or complied with under this Agreement
as of or prior to the Effective Time, except for such non-performance or non-compliance as does not have a Company Material Adverse Effect
or a material adverse effect on the ability of the Parties to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

(d) no
Legal Proceeding shall be pending wherein an unfavorable judgment, order, decree, stipulation or injunction would (i) prevent consummation
of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or (ii) cause any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement to be rescinded
following consummation, and no such judgment, order, decree, stipulation or injunction shall be in effect;

(e) the
Company shall have delivered to the Parent and the Acquisition Subsidiary a copy of each written consent received from a Company Stockholder
consenting to the Merger;

(f) the
Company shall have delivered to the Parent and the Acquisition Subsidiary a certificate executed by the Chief Executive Officer of the
Company (the Company Certificate) to the effect that each of the conditions specified in clause (a) of Section 5.1
and clauses (b) through (d) (insofar as clause (d) relates to Legal Proceedings involving the Company) of this Section 5.2 has been satisfied
in all respects;

(g) the
Company shall have delivered to the Parent and the Acquisition Subsidiary a certificate executed by the Secretary of the Company, certifying
as to (i) true, correct and complete copies of the certificate of incorporation or the by-laws of the Company; (ii) the valid adoption
of resolutions of the board of directors and Company Stockholders (whereby this Agreement, the Merger and the transactions contemplated
hereunder were unanimously approved by the board of directors and the requisite vote of the Company Stockholders); and (iii) a good standing
certificate from the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware dated within five (5) Business Days prior to the Closing Date; and (iv)
incumbency of the officers of the Company executing this Agreement or any other agreement contemplated by this Agreement; and

(h) the
Company shall have delivered to the Parent audited and interim unaudited financial statements of the Company pro forma in respect of the
Merger, compliant with applicable SEC regulations for inclusion under Item 2.01(f) and/or 5.01(a)(8) of Form 8-K in substantially final
form;

(i) no
Company Material Adverse Effect shall have occurred since the date of this Agreement;

(j) the
Company shall have delivered the Pre-Merger Indemnity Agreement to the Parent, duly executed by the Company; and

(k) the
Company shall have delivered to the Parent written evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Parent of the binding of the Pre-Merger D&O
Policy.

5.3 Conditions
to Obligations of the Company. The obligation of the Company to consummate the Merger is subject to the satisfaction (or waiver
by the Company) of the following additional conditions:

(a) the
Parent shall have obtained (and shall have provided copies thereof to the Company) the written consents or approvals of (i) all of the
members of its Board of Directors of Parent, (ii) all the stockholders of Parent, (iii) all of the members of the Board of Directors of
Acquisition Subsidiary, and (iv) the sole stockholder of Acquisition Subsidiary, in each case to the execution, delivery and performance
by each such entity of this Agreement and/or the other Transaction Documentation to which each such entity is a party, in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Company;

33

(b) the
Parent shall have obtained (and shall have provided copies thereof to the Company) all of the other waivers, permits, consents, approvals
or other authorizations, and effected all of the registrations, filings and notices set forth on Schedule 5.3(b);

(c) (i)
the representations and warranties of the Parent and the Acquisition Subsidiary set forth in this Agreement other than the Parent Fundamental
Representations (when read without regard to any qualification as to materiality or Parent Material Adverse Effect contained therein)
shall be true and correct as of the date of this Agreement and shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the Effective
Time as though made as of the Effective Time (provided, however, that to the extent such representation and warranty expressly
relates to a specified date, such representation and warranty shall be true and correct as of such specified date); and (ii) the representations
and warranties of the Parent and the Acquisition Subsidiary set forth in Sections 3.1, 3.2, 3.3, 3.4, 3.5,
3.20, 3.24, 3.25, 3.31, and 3.33 (the Parent Fundamental Representations) (when
read without regard to any qualification as to materiality or Parent Material Adverse Effect contained therein) shall be true and correct
in all respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Effective Time as if made as of the Effective Time (or in the case of representations
and warranties that are made as of a specific date, shall have been true and correct as of such specified date);

(d) each
of the Parent and the Acquisition Subsidiary shall have performed or complied with its agreements and covenants required to be performed
or complied with under this Agreement as of or prior to the Effective Time, except for such non-performance or non-compliance as does
not have a Parent Material Adverse Effect or a material adverse effect on the ability of the Parties to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement;

(e) no
Legal Proceeding shall be pending wherein an unfavorable judgment, order, decree, stipulation or injunction would (i) prevent consummation
of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or (ii) cause any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement to be rescinded
following consummation, and no such judgment, order, decree, stipulation or injunction shall be in effect;

(f) the
Board of Directors of the Parent and the stockholders of the Parent shall each have adopted the 2025 Plan (such stockholder approval subject
to effectiveness in accordance with Regulation 14C of the Exchange Act, if applicable);

(g) the
Parent shall have delivered to the Company a certificate executed by the Chief Executive Officer or President of the Parent (the Parent
Certificate) to the effect that each of the conditions specified in clause (b) of Section 5.1 and clauses (a) through (e) (insofar
as clause (e) relates to Legal Proceedings involving the Parent or the Acquisition Subsidiary) of this Section 5.3 has been satisfied
in all respects;

34

(h) Each
of the Parent and Acquisition Subsidiary shall have delivered to the Company a certificate, validly executed by the Secretary of the Parent
and the Secretary of the Acquisition Subsidiary, as applicable, certifying as to (i) true, correct and complete copies of its certificate
of incorporation and bylaws; (ii) the valid adoption of resolutions of the board of directors and stockholders of the Parent or Acquisition
Subsidiary, as applicable (whereby this Agreement, the Merger and the transactions contemplated hereunder were unanimously approved by
the board of directors and, if requested, the requisite vote of the stockholders of Parent or the Acquisition Subsidiary, as applicable);
(iii) a good standing certificate from the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware dated within five (5) Business Days prior to the
Closing Date; (iv) incumbency of the officers of the Parent or the Acquisition Subsidiary, as applicable, executing this Agreement or
any other agreement contemplated by this Agreement; and (v) a true, correct and complete list of all stockholders of Parent as of immediately
prior to the Effective Time and the shares of Parent Common Stock held by each such stockholder that are then-outstanding, which shares
shall equal, in the aggregate, 3,250,000 shares of Parent Common Stock;

(i) the
Share Cancellation Agreement executed by the sole stockholder of the Parent concurrently with this Agreement shall be in full force and
effect and shall not have been revoked, rescinded or otherwise repudiated by such stockholders of the Parent;

(j) the
Parent shall have delivered to the Company (i) evidence that the Parents Board of Directors is, as of the Effective Time, authorized
to consist of five (5) individuals, (ii) evidence of the resignations of all individuals who served as directors and/or officers of the
Parent as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, which resignations shall be effective as of the Effective Time, (iii) evidence of
the appointment of the following persons to serve as directors of the Parent effective as of the Effective Time: Michael J. Roberts, Simon
C. Pedder, Patrick Gallagher, Anthony Zook, and J. Nick Riehle, and (iv) evidence of the appointment of such executive officers of the
Parent to serve immediately following the Effective Time as shall have been designated by the Company, including Michael J. Roberts, PhD,
President and Chief Executive Officer; Simon C. Pedder, PhD, Executive Chairman; Timothy L. Maness, CPA, Chief Financial Officer; and
L. Arthur Hewitt, PhD, Chief Development Officer;

(k) the
Auditor Letter shall have been furnished to the Parent and the Parent shall have delivered a copy of such Auditor Letter to the Company,
and the Parent Auditor shall have consented to the filing of the Auditor Letter in the Super 8-K;

(l) the
Parent shall be in compliance in all material respects with all requirements of applicable securities laws, including, without limitation,
the filing of reports required by the Exchange Act, and shall have taken all actions with respect thereto as shall be required or reasonably
requested by the Company in connection therewith;

(m) the
Parent shall have delivered to the Company a payoff letter executed by Lucius Partners Opportunity Fund, LP (the Debt Holder)
in a form reasonably acceptable to the Company and the Debt Holder (the Payoff Letter) setting forth (x) the amount
required to pay off the indebtedness owing to the Debt Holder, (y) that upon payment of such amount, the contract with respect to such
indebtedness will be terminated and the Parent released therefrom, and (z) the Debt Holders commitment to release all liens, if
any, that the Debt Holder may hold on the Parents assets prior to the Closing Date or an authorization for the Parent to do so;

(n) the
Parent shall have delivered the Pre-Merger Indemnity Agreements to the Company, duly executed by the Parent and the Parent Indemnified
Executives; and

(o) No Parent
Material Adverse Effect shall have occurred since the date of this Agreement.

35

ARTICLE VI. DEFINITIONS

For purposes of this Agreement, each
of the following defined terms is defined in the Section of this Agreement indicated below.

Definition Section

2025 Plan 4.9

Acquisition Subsidiary INTRODUCTION

Agreement INTRODUCTION

Auditor Letter 4.12

Business Day 1.2

Certificate of Merger 1.1(b)

Closing 1.2

Closing Date 1.2

Code RECITALS

Company INTRODUCTION

Company Balance Sheet 2.7

Company Balance Sheet Date 2.7

Company Certificate 0

Company Confidential Information 4.4(a)

Company Convertible Notes 2.2

Company Consents 2.3

Company Disclosure Schedule ARTICLE II

Company Equity Plan(s) 2.2

Company Financial Statements 2.7

Company Material Adverse Effect 2.1

Company Options 1.8

Company Shares Certificates 1.5(d)

Conversion Ratio 1.5(c)

D&O Insurance 4.6(d)

D&O Tail Policy 4.6(d)

Debt Holder 5.3(m)

Defaulting Party 8.13

DGCL RECITALS

Effective Time 1.1(b)

End Date 7.1(b)

Environmental Law 3.21(d)

Exchange Act 1.13(b)

Excluded Shares 1.5(b)

Fraud 8.14

GAAP 2.1

Governmental Entity 2.4

36

Indemnified Executives 4.6(b)

IRS 3.12(c)

Laws 2.4

Legal Proceeding 2.10

Lucius Advisory Services Agreement 5.1(e)

Merger RECITALS

Merger Shares 1.5(c)

Merger Shares Certificates 1.5(d)

Non-Defaulting Party 8.13

Parent INTRODUCTION

Parent Auditor 3.27

Parent Certificate 5.3(g)

Parent Common Stock RECITALS

Parent Confidential Information 4.4(d)

Parent Disclosure Schedule Article III

Parent Financial Statements 3.8

Parent Form 10 3.6

Parent Fundamental Representations 5.3(c)

Parent Indemnified Executives 4.6(c)

Parent Material Adverse Effect 3.1

Parent Options 1.8(a)

Parent Previous Filings 3.6

Parent SEC Filings 3.6

Party INTRODUCTION

Payoff Letter 5.3(m)

Pre-Merger D&O Policy 4.6(d)

Pre-Merger Indemnity Agreement 4.6(c)

Private Placement Offering RECITALS

Purchase Price RECITALS

Qualified Group 3.24(i)

Reasonable Best Efforts 4.1(b)

Registration Rights Agreement 1.13(c)

Representatives 4.4(c)

SEC 1.13(a)

Securities Act RECITALS

Subsidiary 2.5(a)

Super 8-K 4.3

Surviving Corporation 1.1(a)

Tax Returns 1.14

Taxes 1.14

Transaction Documentation 3.3

Treasury Regulations RECITALS

37

ARTICLE VII. TERMINATION

7.1 Termination.
Except as provided in Section 7.2, this Agreement may be terminated and the Merger abandoned at any time prior to the Closing only:

(a) by
the mutual agreement of the Company and the Parent:

(b) by
the Company or the Parent if the Closing Date shall not have occurred within ten (10) Business Days after the date hereof (such date,
the End Date); provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 7.1(b) shall
not be available to any party whose action or failure to act has been the principal cause of the Merger failing to occur on or before
the End Date and such action or failure to act constitutes a breach of this Agreement;

(c) by
the Company if (i) any Law shall be in effect which has the effect of making the Merger illegal or otherwise prohibits or prevents the
consummation of the Merger or (ii) if the consummation of the Merger would violate any final and non-appealable order;

(d) by
the Company if it is not in material breach of its obligations under this Agreement and there has been a breach of or inaccuracy in any
representation, warranty, covenant or agreement of the Parent or the Acquisition Subsidiary contained in this Agreement (excluding conditions
that by their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing) such that the conditions set forth in Sections 5.1 or 5.3
for the benefit of the Company would not be satisfied as of the time of such breach or inaccuracy and such breach or inaccuracy has not
been cured within ten (10) calendar days after written notice thereof to the Parent (or otherwise waived in writing by the Company); provided,
however, that no cure period shall be required (i) for a breach or inaccuracy which by its nature cannot be cured or (ii) if
any of the conditions to Closing in Sections 5.1 or 5.3 for the benefit of the Company are incapable of being satisfied
on or before the End Date; or

(e) by
the Parent if it is not in material breach of its obligations under this Agreement and there has been a breach of or inaccuracy in any
representation, warranty, covenant or agreement of the Company contained in this Agreement (excluding conditions that by their nature
are to be satisfied at the Closing) such that the conditions set forth in Sections 5.1 or 5.2 for the benefit of the
Parent or the Acquisition Subsidiary would not be satisfied as of the time of such breach or inaccuracy and such breach or inaccuracy
has not been cured within ten (10) calendar days after written notice thereof to the Company (or otherwise waived in writing by the Parent
and the Acquisition Subsidiary); provided, however, that no cure period shall be required (i) for a breach or inaccuracy which by
its nature cannot be cured or (ii) if any of the conditions to Closing in Sections 5.2 or 5.3 for the benefit
of the Parent or the Acquisition Subsidiary are incapable of being satisfied on or before the End Date.

7.2 Effect
of Termination. In the event of the termination of this Agreement as provided in Section 7.1, this Agreement shall forthwith
become void and there shall be no liability or obligation hereunder on the part of the Parent, the Acquisition Subsidiary or the Company,
or their respective representatives, as applicable; provided, however, (i) if this Agreement is terminated by
a Party because of a breach of this Agreement by another Party or because one or more of the conditions to the terminating Partys
obligations under this Agreement is not satisfied as a result of another Partys willful or intentional failure to comply with its
obligations under this Agreement, the terminating Partys right to pursue all legal remedies in accordance with this Agreement will
survive such termination (provided, however, that a terminating Party may not both (x) terminate this Agreement or pursue such
legal remedies and (y) bring or maintain any claim, action, or proceeding for injunction or specific performance as provided in Section
8.13 and (ii) that the provisions of Section 4.4(c), Section 4.4(d), ARTICLE VIII (Miscellaneous) and this Section
7.2 shall remain in full force and effect and survive any termination of this Agreement pursuant to the terms of this ARTICLE VII.

38

ARTICLE VIII.
MISCELLANEOUS

8.1 Press
Releases and Announcements. Except as expressly contemplated by this Agreement, no Party shall issue any press release or public
announcement relating to the subject matter of this Agreement without the prior written approval of the other Parties, which shall be
unreasonably withheld; provided, however, that any Party may make any public disclosure it believes in good faith is required
by applicable Law or stock market rules (in which case the disclosing Party shall use reasonable efforts to advise the other Parties and
provide them with a copy of the proposed disclosure prior to making the disclosure).

8.2 No
Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement shall not confer any rights or remedies upon any person other than the Parties and
their respective successors and permitted assigns; provided, however, that (a) the provisions in ARTICLE I concerning issuance
of the Merger Shares is intended for the benefit of the Company Stockholders and (b) the provisions in Section 4.8 concerning indemnification
are intended for the benefit of the Indemnified Executives and the Parent Indemnified Executives, respectively, and their respective successors
and assigns.

8.3 Entire
Agreement. This Agreement (including the documents referred to herein) constitutes the entire agreement among the Parties and
supersedes any prior or (other than as set forth in the Transaction Documentation) contemporaneous understandings, agreements or representations
by or among the Parties, written or oral, with respect to the Merger. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the
Company Disclosure Schedules, schedules and similar documents and instruments delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall not be deemed
part of this Agreement for purposes of Section 268(b) of the DGCL, but shall have the effects provided in this Agreement otherwise (including
with respect this Section 8.3).

8.4 Succession
and Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties named herein and their respective
successors and permitted assigns. No Party may assign either this Agreement or any of its rights, interests or obligations hereunder without
the prior written approval of the other Parties.

8.5 Counterparts
and Facsimile Signature. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original
but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument and will become effective when one or more counterparts have been
signed by each Party hereto and delivered to the other Parties hereto; it being understood and agreed that all Parties hereto need not
sign the same counterpart. The delivery by facsimile or by electronic delivery in PDF format (including any electronic signature complying
with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g. www.docusign.com) will be sufficient and binding as if they were originals and such delivery
shall constitute valid delivery of this Agreement. All counterparts will together constitute one and the same instrument and each counterpart
will constitute an original of this Agreement.

39

8.6 Headings.
The section headings contained in this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation
of this Agreement.

8.7 Notices.
All notices, requests, demands, claims and other communications hereunder shall be in writing. Any notice, request, demand, claim or other
communication hereunder shall be deemed duly delivered and received: (a) when received if given in person with confirmation of receipt
(email being sufficient), (b) upon receipt if sent by registered or certified mail or via a reputable nationwide overnight courier service,
with postage or delivery fees prepaid and electronic delivery tracking information available, or (c) on the date of transmission if sent
by electronic mail or other wire transmission during normal business hours (and if not, on the succeeding Business Day) with non-automated
confirmation of receipt (email being sufficient). All notices, requests, demands, claims or other communication hereunder will be addressed
as follows:

If to the Company or the Company Stockholders: Adaptin Bio, Inc.

3540 Toringdon Way, Suite 200, #250

Charlotte, NC 28277

Attention: Michael J. Roberts

E-mail: mroberts@adaptin.com

With copy to (which copy shall not constitute notice hereunder): Wyrick Robbins Yates & Ponton LLP

4101 Lake Boone Trail, Suite 300

Raleigh, NC 27607

Attention: Donald R. Reynolds

E-mail: dreynolds@wyrick.com

If to the Parent or the Acquisition Subsidiary (prior to the Closing): Unite Acquisition 1 Corp.

12 E. 49th Street, 11th Floor

New York, NY 10017

Attention: Nathan Pereira, CEO

With copy to (which copy shall not constitute notice hereunder): Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP

1185 Avenue of the Americas, 31st Floor

New York, NY 10036

Attention: Barrett S. DiPaolo

Facsimile: 212-930-9725

E-mail: bdipaolo@srf.law

Any Party may
give any notice, request, demand, claim or other communication hereunder using any other means (including personal delivery, expedited
courier, messenger service, telecopy, telex, ordinary mail or electronic mail), but no such notice, request, demand, claim or other communication
shall be deemed to have been duly given unless and until it actually is received by the Party for whom it is intended. Any Party may change
the address to which notices, requests, demands, claims and other communications hereunder are to be delivered by giving the other Parties
notice in the manner herein set forth.

8.8 Governing
Law. This Agreement must be interpreted and construed in accordance with the internal Laws of the State of Delaware. Any and
all claims, controversies, and causes of action arising out of or relating to this Agreement, whether sounding in contract, tort, or statute,
shall be governed by the Laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to any choice or conflict of Law provision or rule (whether
of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of Laws of any jurisdictions other than those of
the State of Delaware.

40

8.9 Amendments
and Waivers. The Parties may mutually amend any provision of this Agreement at any time prior to the Effective Time, provided
that no such amendment shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed by all of the Parties. No waiver of any right or
remedy hereunder shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Party giving such waiver. No waiver by any Party
with respect to any default, misrepresentation or breach of warranty or covenant hereunder shall be deemed to extend to any prior or subsequent
default, misrepresentation or breach of warranty or covenant hereunder or affect in any way any rights arising by virtue of any prior
or subsequent such occurrence.

8.10 Severability.
Any term or provision of this Agreement that is invalid or unenforceable in any situation in any jurisdiction shall not affect the validity
or enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions hereof or the validity or enforceability of the offending term or provision in
any other situation or in any other jurisdiction. If the final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction declares that any term or
provision hereof is invalid or unenforceable, the Parties agree that the court making the determination of invalidity or unenforceability
shall have the power to limit the term or provision, to delete specific words or phrases, or to replace any invalid or unenforceable term
or provision with a term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid
or unenforceable term or provision, and this Agreement shall be enforceable as so modified.

8.11 Submission
to Jurisdiction. Each of the parties hereto irrevocably consents to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the Delaware Court
of Chancery and any state appellate court therefrom within the State of Delaware (or, if the Delaware Court of Chancery declines to accept
jurisdiction over a particular matter, any state or federal court within the State of Delaware) in connection with any matter based upon
or arising out of this Agreement or the matters contemplated herein, agrees that process may be served upon them in any manner authorized
by the Laws of the State of Delaware for such persons and irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, and covenants
not to assert or plead any objection it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding in
any such court or that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Any Party
may make service on another Party by sending or delivering a copy of the process to the Party to be served at the address and in the manner
provided for the giving of notices in Section 8.7. Nothing in this Section 8.11, however, shall affect the right of any Party to serve
legal process in any other manner permitted by law.

8.12 WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. EACH OF THE PARTIES IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING BETWEEN
THE PARTIES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT. NO PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT
OR ANY ASSIGNEE, SUCCESSOR, HEIR, OR PERSONAL REPRESENTATIVE WILL SEEK A JURY TRIAL IN ANY LAWSUIT, PROCEEDING, COUNTERCLAIM, OR ANY OTHER
LITIGATION PROCEDURE BASED ON OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR ANY OF THE OTHER AGREEMENTS
OR THE DEALINGS OR THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE PARTIES CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR REFERENCED HEREIN. NO PARTY WILL SEEK TO CONSOLIDATE ANY
SUCH ACTION, IN WHICH A JURY TRIAL HAS BEEN WAIVED, WITH ANY OTHER ACTION IN WHICH A JURY TRIAL HAS NOT OR CANNOT BE WAIVED. THE PROVISIONS
OF THIS SECTION 8.12 HAVE BEEN FULLY DISCUSSED BY THE PARTIES AND WILL BE SUBJECT TO NO EXCEPTIONS.

41

8.13 Remedies;
Specific Performance. The Parties agree that irreparable damage would occur if any provision of this Agreement were not performed
in accordance with the terms hereof, and agree that in the event that any Party shall fail or refuse to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement or if any default under or breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or condition of this Agreement on the part
of any Party (the Defaulting Party) shall have occurred that results in the failure to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, then in addition to the other remedies provided herein, the other Party or Parties (the Non-Defaulting
Party) shall be entitled to seek enforcement of any provision of this Agreement by a decree of specific performance, temporary,
preliminary and permanent injunctive relief or other equitable relief to prevent breaches or threatened breaches of any of the provisions
of this Agreement from a court of competent jurisdiction. In addition, the Non-Defaulting Party shall be entitled to obtain from the Defaulting
Party court costs and reasonable attorneys fees incurred in connection with or in pursuit of enforcing the rights and remedies
provided hereunder. Each of the Parties agrees that it will not oppose the granting of an injunction, specific performance or other equitable
relief on the basis that any other party has an adequate remedy at Law or that any award of specific performance is not an appropriate
remedy for any reason at Law or in equity.

8.14 Survival.
Except with respect to any claims for Fraud, the representations or warranties in this Agreement and in any certificate delivered pursuant
to this Agreement shall not survive the Effective Time. For purposes of this Agreement, Fraud means, with respect
to any Person, an actual and intentional common law fraud under the Laws of the State of Delaware (as interpreted by Delaware courts)
by such Person in the making of such Persons representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement, provided, that, for the
avoidance of doubt, Fraud shall not include any equitable fraud, negligent misrepresentation, promissory fraud, unfair dealings,
extra contractual fraud, or any other fraud or torts based on recklessness or negligence.

8.15 Construction.

(a) The
language used in this Agreement shall be deemed to be the language chosen by the Parties to express their mutual intent, and no rule of
strict construction shall be applied against any Party.

(b) Any
reference to any federal, state, local or foreign statute or Law shall be deemed also to refer to all rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, unless the context requires otherwise.

(c) The
use of the masculine, feminine or neuter gender or the singular or plural form of words herein will not limit any provision of this Agreement.

(d) The
use of the terms including or include will in all cases herein mean including, without limitation
or include, without limitation, respectively.

(e) Unless
the context clearly provides otherwise, the use of the word or is inclusive.

(f) Reference
to any Person includes such Persons successors and assigns to the extent such successors and assigns are permitted by the terms
of this Agreement. Reference to a Person in a particular capacity excludes such Person in any other capacity or individually.

42

(g) Reference
to any agreement (including this Agreement), document or instrument means such agreement, document or instrument as amended or modified
and in effect from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and, if applicable, the terms hereof.

(h) References
to Articles, Sections, paragraphs, clauses, Schedules, Annexes or Exhibits will refer to those portions of this Agreement.

(i) The
use of the terms hereunder, hereof, hereto and words of similar import will refer to this Agreement
as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section, paragraph or clause of, or Schedule, Annex or Exhibit to, this Agreement unless
otherwise specified.

(j) The
parties hereto have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement and, in the event an ambiguity or question
of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement will be construed as jointly drafted by the parties hereto and no presumption or burden
of proof will arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any provision of this Agreement.

(k) Any
reference in this Agreement to dollars or $ means United States dollars.

(l) All
references to a specific time of day refer to the specific time of day in the Eastern Time Zone of the United States of America.

(m) Unless
expressly provided otherwise, the measure of a period of one month or year for purposes of this Agreement shall be that date of the following
month or year corresponding to the starting date, but if no corresponding date exists, the measure will be that date of the following
month or year corresponding to the next day following the starting date. For example, one month following February 18 is March 18, and
one month following March 31 is May 1.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

43

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties
have executed this Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization as of the date first above written.

PARENT:

UNITE ACQUISITION 1 CORP.

By: /s/ Nathan Pereira 

Name: Nathan Pereira

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

ACQUISITION SUBSIDIARY:

ADAPTIN ACQUISITION CO.

By: /s/ Nathan Pereira 

Name: Nathan Pereira

Title: President

COMPANY:

ADAPTIN BIO, INC.

By: /s/ Michael J. Roberts 

Name: Michael J. Roberts

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Merger Agreement]

Exhibits

EXHIBIT A

Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation of the Parent

EXHIBIT B

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Parent 

EXHIBIT C

Form of Pre-Merger Indemnity
Agreement

EXHIBIT D

Form of Lucius Advisory
Agreement 

EXHIBIT E

Form of Certificate of
Merger
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023016901ex3-1_adaptin.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATE OF MERGER RELATING TO THE MERGER OF ADAPTIN ACQUISITION CO. WITH AND INTO ADAPTIN BIO, INC., FILED WITH THE SECRETARY OF STATE OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE ON FEBRUARY 11, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

STATE OF DELAWARE CERTIFICATE OF MERGER

FOR THE MERGER OF

ADAPTIN ACQUISITION CO. WITH AND INTO ADAPTIN BIO, INC.

February 11, 2025

Pursuant to Section 251(c) of the

General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware

Adaptin Bio, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Corporation), does hereby certify to the following facts relating to the merger (the Merger)
of Adaptin Acquisition Co., a Delaware corporation (Merger Sub), with and into the Corporation, with the Corporation
remaining as the surviving corporation of the Merger (the Surviving Corporation):

FIRST: The name of each constituent corporation is Adaptin Bio, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and Adaptin Acquisition
Co., a Delaware corporation.

SECOND: An Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement) has been approved,
adopted, executed and acknowledged by each of the constituent corporations in accordance with Section 251 of the General Corporation Law
of the State of Delaware (the DGCL).

THIRD: In accordance with the Merger Agreement and upon the effectiveness of this filing, Merger Sub will merge
with and into the Corporation. The name of the Surviving Corporation of the Merger shall be Adaptin Bio Operating Corporation.

FOURTH: Upon the effectiveness of the Merger, the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation shall
be amended and restated in its entirety to read as set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto.

FIFTH: The Merger shall become effective on February 11, 2025, at 1:25 p.m. Eastern Time.

SIXTH: The executed Merger Agreement is on file at the principal place of business of the Surviving Corporation
at 3540 Toringdon Way, Suite 200, #250 Charlotte, NC 28277.

SEVENTH: A copy of the executed Merger Agreement will be furnished by the Surviving Corporation on request and
without cost, to any stockholder of any constituent corporation of the Merger.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation
has caused this Certificate of Merger to be executed by its duly authorized officer as of the date first above written.

Adaptin Bio, Inc.

By: /s/ Michael J. Roberts

Name: Michael J. Roberts

Title: Chief Executive Officer

2

Exhibit A

AMENDED AND RESTATED

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF

ADAPTIN BIO OPERATING CORPORATION

1. The
name of the corporation is Adaptin Bio Operating Corporation (the Corporation).

2. The
address of its registered office in the State of Delaware is 108 West 13th Street, Suite 100, Wilmington, DE 19801 in the county of New
Castle. The name of its registered agent at such address is Vcorp Services, LLC.

3. The
nature of the business or purposes to be conducted or promoted is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be
organized under the General Corporation Law of Delaware (the DGCL).

4. The
Corporation is to have perpetual existence.

5. The
total number of shares of capital stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is: ten thousand (10,000). These shares shall
be of a single class designated as common stock (the Common Stock) with a par value of $0.0001.

Holders of shares of Common
Stock shall be entitled to cast one vote for each share held at all stockholders meetings for all purposes, including the election
of directors. The Common Stock does not have cumulative voting rights.

No holder of shares of stock
of the Corporations capital stock shall be entitled as a matter of right to subscribe for or purchase or receive any part of any
new or additional issue of shares of stock of any class, or of securities convertible into shares of stock of any class, whether now
hereafter authorized or whether issued for money, for consideration other than money, or by way of dividend.

6. Effective upon the registration
of any class of the Corporations stock under the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, any action required or permitted to be taken
by the stockholders of the Corporation must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation
and may not be effected by any consent in writing by such stockholders.

7. Unless and except to the
extent that the by-laws of the Corporation (the By-laws) shall so require, the election of directors of the Corporation
need not be by written ballot.

3

8. The
Board of Directors shall have the power to adopt, amend or repeal the By-laws.

9. To
the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, no director of the Corporation shall be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders
for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duty by such director as a director. If the DGCL hereafter is amended to authorize the
further elimination or limitation of the liability of directors, then the liability of a director of the Corporation, in addition to the
limitation on personal liability provided herein, shall be limited to the fullest extent permitted by the amended DGCL. No amendment to
or repeal of this Article 9 shall apply to or have any effect on the liability or alleged liability of any director of the Corporation
for or with respect to any acts or omissions of such director occurring prior to such amendment.

10. The Corporation shall indemnify,
to the fullest extent permitted by Section 145 of the DGCL, as amended from time to time, each person that such section grants the Corporation
the power to indemnify.

11. The Corporation shall have
the right, subject to any express provisions or restrictions contained in this Certificate of Incorporation or the By-laws, from time
to time, to amend, alter or repeal any provision of this Certificate of Incorporation in any manner now or hereafter provided by law,
and all rights and powers of any kind conferred upon a director or stockholder of this Corporation by the Certificate of Incorporation
or any amendment thereof are conferred subject to such right.

12. Unless
the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall, to
the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of
the Corporation, (b) any action asserting a claim for breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, employee or agent of the
Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporations stockholders, (c) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision
of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or the By-laws and (d) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine,
in each case subject to said Court of Chancery having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants therein.
If any provision or provisions of this Article 12 shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable as applied to any person or entity
or circumstance for any reason whatsoever, then, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the validity, legality and enforceability of
such provision in any other circumstance and of the remaining provision of this Article 12 (including, without limitation, each portion
of any sentence of this Article 12 containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable that is not itself held
to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) and the application of such provision to other persons or entities and circumstances shall not
in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023016901ex3-2_adaptin.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF UNITE ACQUISITION 1 CORP., AS FILED WITH THE SECRETARY OF STATE OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE ON FEBRUARY 11, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.2

AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF

UNITE ACQUISITION 1 CORP.

Unite Acquisition 1 Corp.,
a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, does hereby certify as follows:

A. The name of this corporation
is Unite Acquisition 1 Corp., to be renamed Adaptin Bio, Inc. Its original Certificate of Incorporation was filed with the Secretary of
State of the State of Delaware on March 10, 2022 under the name Unite Acquisition 1 Corp.

B. This Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation (this Restated Certificate of Incorporation) was duly adopted by the Board of
Directors of this corporation and by the stockholders in accordance with Sections 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State
of Delaware, with the approval of the stockholders of this corporation having been given by written consent without a meeting in accordance
with Section 228 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

C. The text of the Restated
Certificate of Incorporation is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows, effective as of 1:25 p.m. Eastern Time on February 11, 2025:

Article
I

The name of this corporation
is Adaptin Bio, Inc. (the Corporation).

Article
II

The address of the Corporations
registered office in the State of Delaware is 108 W. 13th Street Suite 100 in the City of Wilmington, County of New
Castle, Zip Code 19801. The name of its registered agent at such address is Vcorp Services, LLC.

Article
III

The nature of the business
or purposes to be conducted or promoted by the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized
under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL).

Article
IV

Section 4.1The
total number of shares of all classes of stock that the Corporation has authority to issue is 60,000,000 shares, consisting of two classes:
50,000,000 shares of Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share (Common Stock), and 10,000,000 shares of Preferred
Stock, $0.0001 par value per share (Preferred Stock).

Section 4.2The
Corporations Board of Directors (the Board) is authorized, subject to any limitations prescribed by
the law of the State of Delaware, by resolution or resolutions adopted from time to time, to provide for the issuance of shares of Preferred
Stock in one or more series, and, by filing a certificate of designation pursuant to the applicable law of the State of Delaware (the
Certificate of Designation), to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such
series, to fix the designation, vesting, powers (including voting powers), preferences and relative, participating, optional or other
rights (and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof) of the shares of each such series and to increase (but not above
the total number of authorized shares of the class) or decrease (but not below the number of shares of such series then outstanding) the
number of shares of any such series. The number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock may also be increased or decreased (but not below
the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of all the then-outstanding
shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon, without a separate vote of the holders of the Preferred Stock or
any series thereof, irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the DGCL, unless a vote of any such holders is required pursuant
to the terms of any Certificate of Designation designating a series of Preferred Stock.

Section 4.3Except
as otherwise expressly provided in any Certificate of Designation designating any series of Preferred Stock pursuant to the foregoing
provisions of this Article IV, (i) any new series of Preferred Stock may be designated, fixed and determined as provided herein by the
Board without approval of the holders of Common Stock or the holders of Preferred Stock, or any series thereof, and (ii) any such new
series may have powers, preferences and rights, including, without limitation, voting rights, dividend rights, liquidation rights, redemption
rights and conversion rights, senior to, junior to or pari passu with the rights of the Common Stock, the Preferred Stock or any
future class or series of Preferred Stock or Common Stock.

Section 4.4Each
outstanding share of Common Stock shall entitle the holder thereof to one vote on each matter properly submitted to the stockholders of
the Corporation for their vote; provided, however, that, except as otherwise required by law, holders of Common Stock shall
not be entitled to vote on any amendment to this Restated Certificate of Incorporation (including any Certificate of Designation relating
to any series of Preferred Stock) that relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding series of Preferred Stock if the holders
of such affected series are entitled, either separately or together as a class with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote
thereon pursuant to this Restated Certificate of Incorporation (including any Certificate of Designation relating to any series of Preferred
Stock).

Article
V

Section 5.1The
business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board, except as otherwise provided by law.
In addition to the powers and authority expressly conferred upon them by statute or by this Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the
Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Corporation (the Bylaws), the directors are hereby empowered to exercise
all such powers and do all such acts and things as may be exercised or done by the Corporation.

Section 5.2Subject
to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect additional directors under specified circumstances, the total number
of directors constituting the Board shall be fixed from time to time exclusively by resolution adopted by a majority of the Board.

Section 5.3Directors
shall be elected at each annual meeting of stockholders and may be elected at any special meeting of stockholders called for that purpose,
to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their respective successors are elected, unless they shall sooner resign,
become disqualified or disabled or be removed from office. A director or the entire Board of Directors may be removed with or without
cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the securities entitled to vote for each director. Any director may
resign at any time upon notice to the Corporation given in writing or by any electronic transmission permitted by the Bylaws. No decrease
in the authorized number of directors constituting the Board shall shorten the term of any incumbent director.

Section 5.4Subject
to the special rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect directors, any vacancy occurring in the Board for any cause,
and any newly created directorship resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors, shall, unless the Board determines
by resolution that any such vacancies or newly created directorships shall be filled by the stockholders or as otherwise provided by law,
be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining
director, and not by the stockholders. Any director elected in accordance with the preceding sentence shall hold office for a term expiring
at the next annual meeting of stockholders or until such directors successor shall have been duly elected and qualified, or until
such directors earlier death, resignation, disqualification or removal.

Section 5.5Election of directors
need not be by written ballot unless the Bylaws shall so provide.

2

Article
VI

To the fullest extent permitted
by the DGCL as the same exists or as may hereafter be amended, no director or officer of the Corporation shall be personally liable to
the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer. If the DGCL is hereafter
amended to authorize corporate action further limiting or eliminating the personal liability of directors or officers, then the liability
of the directors or officers of the Corporation shall be limited or eliminated to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as so amended
from time to time. Any amendment or repeal of this Article VI, or the adoption of any provision of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation
inconsistent with this Article VI, shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director or officer of the Corporation existing
at the time of such amendment or repeal or adoption of such inconsistent provision with respect to acts or omissions occurring prior to
such amendment or repeal or adoption of such inconsistent provision.

Article
VII

The Board shall have the power
to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws. Any adoption, amendment or repeal of the Bylaws by the Board shall require the approval of a majority
of the Board. The stockholders shall also have power to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws; provided, however, that, notwithstanding any
other provision of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation (including any Certificate of Designation) or any provision of law that
might otherwise permit a lesser or no vote, but in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of stock of the Corporation
required by applicable law or by this Restated Certificate of Incorporation (including any Preferred Stock issued pursuant to any Certificate
of Designation), the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares
of the capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, shall
be required to adopt, amend or repeal any provision of the Bylaws; provided, further, that if at least two-thirds (2/3) of the Board has
approved such adoption, amendment or repeal of any provisions of the Bylaws, then only the affirmative vote of the holders of at least
a majority of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally
in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required to adopt, amend or repeal any provision of the Bylaws.

Article
VIII

Section 8.1Subject
to the rights of any series of Preferred Stock then outstanding, any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the
Corporation must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation and may not be effected by
any consent in writing by such stockholders.

Section 8.2Special
meetings of stockholders of the Corporation may be called only by the Chairperson or Executive Chairperson of the Board, the Chief Executive
Officer, the Lead Independent Director (as defined in the Bylaws) or the Board acting pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of
the Board, and may not be called by any other person or persons. Only such business shall be considered at a special meeting of stockholders
as shall have been stated in the notice for such meeting.

Section 8.3Advance
notice of stockholder nominations for the election of directors and of business to be brought by stockholders before any meeting of the
stockholders of the Corporation shall be given in the manner and to the extent provided in the Bylaws.

3

Article
IX

Section 9.1Unless
the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if and
only if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware lacks subject matter jurisdiction, any state court located within the State of
Delaware or, if and only if all such state courts lack subject matter jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware)
and any appellate court therefrom, to the fullest extent permitted by law, shall be the sole and exclusive forum for: (a) any derivative
action, suit or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation; (b) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary
duty owed by any current or former director, officer, employee, or agent of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporations
stockholders, or any action asserting a claim for aiding and abetting any such breach of fiduciary duty; (c) any action, suit or proceeding
asserting a claim against the Corporation or any current or former director, officer or employee of the Corporation arising out of or
pursuant to, or seeking to enforce any right, obligation or remedy under, or to interpret, apply, or determine the validity of, any provision
of the DGCL, this Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws (as each may be amended from time to time); (d) any action, suit
or proceeding as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or (e) any action, suit or
proceeding asserting a claim against the Corporation or any current or former director, officer or employee of the Corporation governed
by the internal affairs doctrine, in all cases subject to the court having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named
as defendants. If any action, suit or proceeding the subject matter of which is within the scope of the preceding sentence is filed in
a court other than the courts in the State of Delaware (a Foreign Action) in the name of any stockholder,
such stockholder shall be deemed to have consented to (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts in the State of Delaware
in connection with any action, suit or proceeding brought in any such court to enforce the provisions of the preceding sentence and (y)
having service of process made upon such stockholder in any such action by service upon such stockholders counsel in the Foreign
Action as agent for such stockholder. This Section 9.1 shall not apply to actions, suits or proceedings brought to enforce a duty or liability
created by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction.

Section 9.2
Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States
of America shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (such act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the Securities Act),
including all causes of action asserted against any defendant to such complaint. For the avoidance of doubt, this provision is intended
to benefit and may be enforced by the Corporation, its directors and officers, the underwriters to any offering giving rise to such complaint,
and any other professional or entity whose profession gives authority to a statement made by that person or entity and who has prepared
or certified any part of the documents underlying such offering.

Section 9.3Any
person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed
to have notice of and to have consented to the provisions of this Article IX.

Section 9.4Failure
to enforce the foregoing provisions of this Article IX would cause the Corporation irreparable harm, and the Corporation shall be entitled
to equitable relief, including injunctive relief and specific performance, to enforce the foregoing provisions.

Article
X

If any provision of this Restated
Certificate of Incorporation shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, then such provision shall nonetheless be enforced
to the maximum extent possible consistent with such holding and the remaining provisions of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation
(including without limitation, all portions of any section of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation containing any such provision
held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that are not themselves invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall remain in full force and
effect.

Article
XI

The Corporation reserves the
right to amend or repeal any provision contained in this Restated Certificate of Incorporation in the manner prescribed by the laws of
the State of Delaware and all rights conferred upon stockholders are granted subject to this reservation; provided, however,
that, notwithstanding any other provision of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation (including any Certificate of Designation) or
any provision of law that might otherwise permit a lesser vote or no vote, but in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or
series of the stock of the Corporation required by law or by this Restated Certificate of Incorporation (including any Certificate of
Designation), and subject to Section 4.2 and Section 4.3 of Article IV, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds (2/3)
of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election
of directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required to amend or repeal or adopt any provision inconsistent with this Article
XI, Section 4.2 and Section 4.4 of Article IV, or Article V, Article VI, Article VII, Article VIII, Article IX or Article X (the Specified
Provisions); provided, further, that if at least two-thirds (2/3) of the Board has approved such amendment or repeal of,
or any provision inconsistent with, the Specified Provisions, then only the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of
the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election
of directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required to amend, repeal, or adopt any provision inconsistent with, the Specified
Provisions.

4

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Unite Acquisition 1 Corp., has caused this Restated Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by Nathan Pereira, a duly authorized officer of the Corporation,
on this 11 day of February, 2025.

/s/ Nathan Pereira

Nathan Pereira

President and Chief Executive Officer

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ea023016901ex3-3_adaptin.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.3

Adaptin
Bio, Inc.

a Delaware Corporation

AMENDED
AND RESTATED BYLAWS

As adopted on February 11, 2025

(Effective as of February 11, 2025)

Article
I: STOCKHOLDERS

Section 1.1 Annual Meetings.
If required by applicable law, an annual meeting of stockholders shall be held for the election of directors at such date and time as
the Board of Directors (the Board) of Adaptin Bio, Inc. (the Corporation) shall
each year fix. The meeting may be held either at a place, within or without the State of Delaware as permitted by the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL), or by means of remote communication as the Board in its sole discretion
may determine. Any proper business may be transacted at the annual meeting.

Section 1.2 Special
Meetings. Special meetings of stockholders for any purpose or purposes shall be called in the manner set forth in the Restated
Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation (as the same may be amended and/or restated from time to time, the Certificate
of Incorporation). The special meeting may be held either at a place, within or without the State of Delaware as permitted
by the DGCL, or by means of remote communication as the Board in its sole discretion may determine. Business transacted at any special
meeting of stockholders shall be limited to matters relating to the purpose or purposes stated in the notice of the meeting.

Section 1.3 Notice of
Meetings. Notice of all meetings of stockholders shall be given in accordance with applicable law (including, without limitation,
as set forth in Section 7.1.1 of these Bylaws of the Corporation (the Bylaws)) stating the date, time and
place, if any, of the meeting, the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be
present in person and vote at such meeting, and the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting (if such
date is different from the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting). In the case of a special meeting,
such notice shall also set forth the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. Unless otherwise required by applicable law
or the Certificate of Incorporation, notice of any meeting of stockholders shall be given not less than ten (10), nor more than sixty
(60), days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting as of the record date for determining
the stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting.

Section 1.4 Adjournments.
Notwithstanding Section 1.5 of these Bylaws, the chairperson of the meeting shall have the power to adjourn the meeting to another time,
date and place (if any) regardless of whether a quorum is present, at any time and for any reason. Any meeting of stockholders, annual
or special, may be adjourned from time to time (including an adjournment taken to address a technical failure to convene or continue a
meeting using remote communication), and notice need not be given of any such adjourned meeting if the time, date and place (if any) thereof
and the means of remote communication (if any) by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote
at such adjourned meeting are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken, or are provided in any other manner permitted
by the DGCL; provided, however, that if the adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days, a notice of the adjourned meeting
shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. If, after the adjournment, a new record date for determination
of stockholders entitled to vote is fixed for the adjourned meeting, the Board shall fix as the record date for determining stockholders
entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to vote
at the adjourned meeting, and shall give notice of the adjourned meeting to each stockholder of record as of the record date so fixed
for notice of such adjourned meeting. At the adjourned meeting, the Corporation may transact any business that might have been transacted
at the original meeting. To the fullest extent permitted by law, if a quorum is present at the original meeting, it shall also be deemed
present at the adjourned meeting. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Board may postpone, reschedule or cancel at any time and
for any reason any previously scheduled special or annual meeting of stockholders before it (or any adjournment) is to be held, regardless
of whether any notice or public disclosure with respect to any such meeting (or adjournment) has been sent or made pursuant to Section
1.3 hereof or otherwise, in which case notice shall be provided to the stockholders of the new date, time and place, if any, of the meeting
as provided in Section 1.3 above.

Section 1.5 Quorum.
Except as otherwise required by applicable law or as provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, at each meeting of
stockholders the holders of a majority of the voting power of the shares of stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote at the meeting,
present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business; provided, however,
that where a separate vote by a class or classes or series of stock is required by applicable law or the Certificate of Incorporation,
the holders of a majority of the voting power of the shares of such class or classes or series of the stock issued and outstanding and
entitled to vote on such matter, present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting, shall constitute a quorum entitled to take
action with respect to the vote on such matter. A quorum, once established at a meeting, shall not be broken by the withdrawal of enough
votes to leave less than a quorum, including, to the fullest extent permitted by law, at any adjournment thereof (unless a new record
date is fixed for the adjourned meeting).

Section 1.6 Organization;
Conduct of Meetings. Meetings of stockholders shall be presided over by (a) such person as the Board may designate, or (b) in
such persons absence, the Chairperson of the Board, or (c) in such persons absence, the Lead Independent Director, or (d)
in such persons absence, the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation or (e) in such persons absence, the President of
the Corporation, or (f) in the absence of such person, by a Vice President. Such person shall be chairperson of the meeting and, subject
to Section 1.10 of these Bylaws, shall determine the order of business and the rules, regulations and procedures at the meeting, including
such regulation of the manner of voting and the conduct of discussion as seems to such person to be in order. The Secretary of the Corporation
shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in such persons absence the chairperson of the meeting may appoint any person to act
as secretary of the meeting.

Section 1.7 Voting;
Proxies. Each stockholder of record entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders may authorize another person or persons to act
for such stockholder by proxy. Such a proxy may be prepared, transmitted and delivered in any manner permitted by applicable law. Except
as may be required in the Certificate of Incorporation, directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast by the holders of
the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors. The stockholders
shall not have the right to cumulate their votes for the election of directors of the Corporation. At all meetings of stockholders at
which a quorum is present, unless a different or minimum vote is required by applicable law, the rules or regulations of any stock exchange
applicable to the Corporation, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the vote required for stockholder action shall be majority
of the votes cast affirmatively or negatively (excluding abstentions) by the holders of shares present in person or represented by proxy
at the meeting and entitled to vote thereon (or if there are two or more classes or series of stock are entitled to vote as separate classes,
then the majority of the votes cast affirmatively or negatively (excluding abstentions) of each class or series present in person or represented
by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote thereon). Any stockholder directly or indirectly soliciting proxies from other stockholders
must use a proxy card color other than white, which shall be reserved for exclusive use by the Board.

Section 1.8 Fixing Date
for Determination of Stockholders of Record. In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of
or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the Board may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede
the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board, and which record date shall, unless otherwise required
by law, not be more than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) days before the date of such meeting. If no record date is fixed by the Board,
the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business
on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding
the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply
to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board may fix a new record date for determination of stockholders
entitled to notice of or to vote at the adjourned meeting, and in such case shall also fix as the record date for stockholder entitled
to notice of such adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to vote in accordance
herewith at the adjourned meeting.

2

In order that the Corporation
may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled
to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board
may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the
Board and which shall not be more than sixty (60) days prior to such action. If no such record date is fixed by the Board, then the record
date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at close of business on the day on which the Board adopts the resolution
relating thereto.

Section 1.9 List of
Stockholders Entitled to Vote. The Corporation shall prepare, no later than the tenth (10th) day before each meeting of stockholders,
a complete list of stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order and showing the address of each stockholder
and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. The Corporation shall not be required to include electronic mail
addresses or other electronic contact information on such list. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any
purpose germane to the meeting, for a period of ten (10) days ending on the day before the meeting date, (a) on a reasonably accessible
electronic network as permitted by applicable law (provided that the information required to gain access to the list is provided
with the notice of the meeting), or (b) during ordinary business hours, at the principal executive offices of the Corporation. In the
event that the Corporation determines to make the list available on an electronic network, the Corporation may take reasonable steps to
ensure that such information is available only to stockholders of the Corporation. Except as otherwise provided by law, the stock ledger
of the Corporation shall be the only evidence as to the identity of the stockholders entitled to examine the list of stockholders required
by this Section 1.9 or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Corporation may maintain and authorize
examination of the list of stockholders required by this Section 1.9 in any manner expressly permitted by the DGCL at the time.

Section 1.10 Inspectors
of Elections.

1.10.1 Applicability.
Unless otherwise required by the Certificate of Incorporation or by applicable law, the following provisions of this Section 1.10 shall
apply only if and when the Corporation has a class of voting stock that is: (a) listed on a national securities exchange; (b) authorized
for quotation on an interdealer quotation system of a registered national securities association; or (c) held of record by more than two
thousand (2,000) stockholders. In all other cases, observance of the provisions of this Section 1.10 shall be optional, and at the discretion
of the Board.

1.10.2 Appointment.
The Corporation shall, in advance of any meeting of stockholders, appoint one or more inspectors of election to act at the meeting and
make a written report thereof. The Corporation may designate one or more persons as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who
fails to act. If no inspector or alternate is able to act at a meeting of stockholders, the chairperson of the meeting shall appoint one
or more inspectors to act at the meeting.

1.10.3 Inspectors
Oath. Each inspector of election, before entering upon the discharge of such inspectors duties, shall take and sign an oath
faithfully to execute the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of such inspectors ability.

1.10.4 Duties of Inspectors.
At a meeting of stockholders, the inspectors of election shall (a) ascertain the number of shares outstanding and the voting power of
each share, (b) determine the shares represented at a meeting and the validity of proxies and ballots, (c) count all votes and ballots,
(d) determine and retain for a reasonable period of time a record of the disposition of any challenges made to any determination by the
inspectors, and (e) certify their determination of the number of shares represented at the meeting, and their count of all votes and ballots.
The inspectors may appoint or retain other persons or entities to assist the inspectors in the performance of the duties of the inspectors.

1.10.5 Opening and Closing
of Polls. The date and time of the opening and the closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders will vote at a
meeting shall be announced at the meeting. No ballot, proxies or votes, nor any revocations thereof or changes thereto, shall be accepted
by the inspectors after the closing of the polls unless the Court of Chancery, upon application by a stockholder, shall determine otherwise.

1.10.6 Determinations.
In determining the validity and counting of proxies and ballots cast at any meeting of stockholders, the inspectors may consider such
information as is permitted by applicable law.

3

Section 1.11 Notice
of Stockholder Business; Nominations.

1.11.1 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders.

(a) Nominations of persons
for election to the Board and the proposal of other business to be considered by the stockholders may be made at an annual meeting of
stockholders only: (i) pursuant to the Corporations notice of such meeting (or any supplement thereto), (ii) by or at the direction
of the Board or any committee thereof or (iii) by any stockholder of the Corporation who was a stockholder of record at the time of giving
of the notice provided for in this Section 1.11 (the Record Stockholder), who is entitled to vote at such
meeting and who complies with the notice and other procedures set forth in this Section 1.11 in all applicable respects. For the avoidance
of doubt, the foregoing clause (iii) shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to make nominations or propose business (other than
business included in the Corporations proxy materials pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act)), at an annual meeting of stockholders, and such stockholder must fully comply with the
notice and other procedures set forth in this Section 1.11 to bring such nominations or other business properly before an annual meeting.

(b) For nominations or other
business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a Record Stockholder pursuant to Section 1.11.1(a) of these Bylaws:

(i) the Record Stockholder must
have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation and have provided any updates or supplements to such notice
at the times and in the forms required by this Section 1.11;

(ii) such other business (other
than the nomination of persons for election to the Board) must otherwise be a proper matter for stockholder action;

(iii) (a) if the Proposing Person
(as defined below) has provided the Corporation with a Solicitation Notice (as defined below), such Proposing Person must, in the case
of a proposal other than the nomination of persons for election to the Board, have delivered a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders
of at least the percentage of the Corporations voting shares required under applicable law to carry any such proposal and must
have included in such materials the Solicitation Notice, or (b) if the Proposing Person has delivered a notice of nomination or nominations
of persons for election to the Board, such Proposing Person must have complied with the requirements of Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange
Act, if applicable; and

(iv) in the case of a proposal
other than the nomination of persons for election to the Board, if no Solicitation Notice relating thereto has been timely provided pursuant
to this Section 1.11, the Proposing Person proposing such business must not have solicited a number of proxies sufficient to have required
the delivery of such a Solicitation Notice under this Section 1.11.

To be timely, (a) a Record Stockholders
notice must be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on
the ninetieth (90th) day nor earlier than the close of business on the one hundred and twentieth (120th) day prior to the first anniversary
of the preceding years annual meeting (except in the case of the Corporations first annual meeting following the adoption
of these Bylaws, for which such notice shall be timely if delivered in the same time period as if such meeting were a special meeting
governed by Section 1.11.2 of these Bylaws); provided, however, that in the event that no annual meeting was held during the preceding
year or the date of the annual meeting is more than thirty (30) days before, or more than sixty (60) days after, such anniversary date,
or if no annual meeting was held in the preceding year, notice by the Record Stockholder to be timely must be so delivered (A) no earlier
than close of business on the one hundred and twentieth (120th) day prior to such annual meeting and (B) no later than close of business
on the later of the ninetieth (90th) day prior to such annual meeting or the tenth (10th) day following the day on which Public Announcement
(as defined below) of the date of such meeting is first made by the Corporation, (b) in the case of a proposal for the nomination of persons
for election to the Board, the Record Stockholder shall have complied in all respects with the requirements of Section 14 of the Exchange
Act, including without limitation, if applicable, the requirements of Rule 14a-19 (as such rule and regulations may be amended from time
to time by the Securities and Exchange Commission, including any Securities and Exchange Commission Staff interpretations relating thereto)
and (c) in the case of a proposal for nomination of persons for election to the Board, the Board or an executive officer designated thereby
shall have determined that the Record Stockholder has satisfied the requirements of Section 1.11. In no event shall an adjournment or
postponement of an annual meeting commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for providing the Record Stockholders
notice. Such Record Stockholders notice shall set forth:

(X) as to each person whom the
Record Stockholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a director (in addition to the matters set forth in paragraph (Z)
below):

(i)the name, age, business address and residence address of such person;

4

(ii)the principal occupation or employment of such person;

(iii)the class, series and number of any shares of stock of the Corporation that are beneficially owned or owned of record by such person
or any Associated Person (as defined in Section 1.11.3(f));

(iv)the date or dates such shares were acquired and the investment intent of such acquisition;

(v)a written questionnaire with respect to the background and qualification of such person, completed and executed by such person,
which questionnaire shall be provided by the Secretary upon written request of any Record Stockholder within five (5) business days of
such written request;

(vi)a written representation and agreement, in the form provided by the Secretary upon written request of any Record Stockholder within
five (5) business days of such written request, that such person (a) is not and will not become a party to (1) any agreement, arrangement
or understanding (whether written or oral) with, and has not given any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how such
person, if elected as a director of the Corporation, will act or vote on any issue or question (for purposes of this Section 1.11, a Voting
Commitment) that has not been disclosed to the Corporation or (2) any Voting Commitment that could limit or interfere with such
persons ability to comply, if elected as a director of the Corporation, with such persons fiduciary duties under applicable
law, (b) is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than the Corporation
with respect to any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement or indemnification in connection with service or action as a director
that has not been disclosed to the Corporation, (c) would be in compliance, if elected as a director of the Corporation, and will comply
with all applicable rules or regulations of any stock exchange applicable to the Corporation and all applicable publicly disclosed corporate
governance, policies and guidelines of the Corporation applicable to directors, (d) will act, if elected as a director of the Corporation,
in the best interests of the Corporation and its stockholders and not in the interests of individual constituencies, (e) consents to being
named as a nominee in a proxy statement and form of proxy relating to the meeting at which directors are to be elected and agrees to serve
if elected as a director and (f) intends to serve a full term if elected as a director of the Corporation;

(vii)all other information relating to such person that would be required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of
directors in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or would be otherwise required, in each case pursuant
to and in accordance with Section 14(a) (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder (including
such persons written consent to being named as a nominee in a proxy statement and form of proxy relating to the meeting at which
directors are to be elected, to the public disclosure of information regarding or related to such person provided to the Corporation by
such person or otherwise pursuant to this Section 1.11 and to serving a full term as a director of the Corporation if elected);

(viii)whether such person meets the independence requirements of any stock exchange applicable to the Corporation;

5

(ix)a description of all direct and indirect compensation and other material monetary agreements, arrangements and understandings during
the past three (3) years, and any other material relationships, between or among such Proposing Person or any of its respective affiliates
and associates, on the one hand, and each proposed nominee, and his or her respective affiliates and associates, on the other hand, including
all information that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 under Regulation S-K if the Proposing Person or any of its
respective affiliates and associates were the registrant for purposes of such rule and the nominee were a director or executive
officer of such registrant; and

(x)a description of any position of such person as an officer or director of any principal competitor of the Corporation within the
three (3) years preceding the submission of the notice.

(Y) as to any business other
than the nomination of persons for election to the Board that the Record Stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting:

(i) a brief description of the
business desired to be brought before the meeting, the text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed
for consideration and in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend the Bylaws, the text of the proposed amendment), the
reasons for conducting such business at the meeting and any material interest in such business of such Proposing Person, including any
anticipated benefit to any Proposing Person therefrom; and

(ii) a
description of all agreements, arrangements and understandings between or among any such Proposing Person and any of its respective affiliates
or associates, on the one hand, and any other person or persons, on the other hand, (including their names) in connection with the proposal
of such business by such Proposing Person.

(Z) as to the Proposing Person
giving the notice:

(i) the current name
and address of such Proposing Person, including, if applicable, their name and address as they appear on the Corporations stock
ledger, if different;

(ii) the class or series
and number of shares of stock of the Corporation that are directly or indirectly owned of record or beneficially owned by such Proposing
Person, including any shares of any class or series of the Corporation as to which such Proposing Person has a right to acquire beneficial
ownership at any time in the future;

(iii) whether and the
extent to which any derivative interest in the Corporations equity securities (including without limitation any option, warrant,
convertible security, stock appreciation right, or similar right with an exercise or conversion privilege or a settlement payment or mechanism
at a price related to any class or series of shares of the Corporation or with a value derived in whole or in part from the value of any
class or series of shares of the Corporation, whether or not such instrument or right shall be subject to settlement in the underlying
class or series of shares of the Corporation or otherwise, and any cash-settled equity swap, total return swap, synthetic equity position
or similar derivative arrangement (any of the foregoing, a Derivative Instrument), as well as any rights to
dividends on the shares of any class or series of shares of the Corporation that are separated or separable from the underlying shares
of the Corporation) or any short interest in any security of the Corporation (for purposes of this Bylaw a person shall be deemed to have
a short interest in a security if such person directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or
otherwise, has the opportunity to profit or share in any profit derived from any increase or decrease in the value of the subject security,
including through performance-related fees) is held directly or indirectly by or for the benefit of such Proposing Person, including without
limitation whether and the extent to which any ongoing hedging or other transaction or series of transactions has been entered into by
or on behalf of, or any other agreement, arrangement or understanding (including without limitation any short position or any borrowing
or lending of shares) has been made, the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss to or manage risk or benefit of share price changes
for, or to increase or decrease the voting power of, such Proposing Person with respect to any share of stock of the Corporation (any
of the foregoing, a Short Interest);

(iv) any proportionate
interest in shares of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments held, directly or indirectly, by a general or limited partnership in which
such Proposing Person or any of its respective affiliates or associates is a general partner or, directly or indirectly, beneficially
owns an interest in a general partner of such general or limited partnership;

(v) any direct or indirect
material interest in any material contract or agreement with the Corporation, any affiliate of the Corporation or any principal competitor
of the Corporation (including, in any such case, any employment agreement, collective bargaining agreement or consulting agreement);

6

(vi) any significant
equity interests or any Derivative Instruments or Short Interests in any principal competitor of the Corporation held by such Proposing
Person and/or any of its respective affiliates or associates;

(vii) any other material
relationship between such Proposing Person, on the one hand, and the Corporation, any affiliate of the Corporation or any principal competitor
of the Corporation, on the other hand;

(viii) all information
that would be required to be set forth in a Schedule 13D filed pursuant to Rule 13d-1(a) or an amendment pursuant to Rule 13d-2(a) if
such a statement were required to be filed under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder by such Proposing Person and/or
any of its respective affiliates or associates;

(ix) any other information
relating to such Proposing Person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made in connection
with solicitations of proxies or consents by such Proposing Person in support of the business or nomination proposed to be brought before
the meeting pursuant to Section 14(a) (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder;

(x) such Proposing
Persons written consent to the public disclosure of information provided to the Corporation pursuant to this Section 1.11;

(xi) a complete written
description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether oral or in writing) (including any knowledge that another person or
entity is Acting in Concert (as defined in Section 1.11.3(f)) with such Proposing Person) between or among such Proposing Person, any
of its respective affiliates or associates and any other person Acting in Concert with any of the foregoing persons;

(xii) a representation
that the Record Stockholder is a holder of record of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at such meeting and intends to appear in
person (including virtually in the case of a meeting conducted solely by means of remote communication) or by proxy at the meeting to
propose such business or nomination;

(xiii) in the case
of a proposal other than the nomination of persons for election to the Board, a representation whether such Proposing Person intends (or
is part of a group that intends) to (a) deliver a proxy statement or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Corporations
voting shares required under applicable law to carry the proposal (an affirmative statement of such intent being a Solicitation
Notice); (b) in the case of a nomination or nominations other than the Corporations nominees, a representation that
such Proposing Person intends to solicit proxies from holders of shares representing at least 67% of the voting power of shares entitled
to vote on the election of directors in support of such nominee or nominees other than the Corporations nominees, in accordance
with Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act, and the name of each participant (as defined in Item 4 of Schedule 14A under the Exchange Act)
in such solicitation; and

(xiv) any proxy, contract,
arrangement, or relationship pursuant to which the Proposing Person has a right to vote, directly or indirectly, any shares of any security
of the Corporation.

The disclosures to be made
pursuant to the foregoing clauses (Z)(ii), (Z)(iii), (Z)(iv) and (Z)(vi) shall not include any information with respect to the ordinary
course business activities of any broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee who is a Proposing Person solely as
a result of being the stockholder directed to prepare and submit the notice required by these Bylaws on behalf of a beneficial owner.

7

A stockholder providing written
notice required by this Section 1.11 shall update such notice in writing (and such update shall clearly identify the information that
has changed since the prior submission), if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice is true
and correct in all material respects as of (i) the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting and
(ii) close of business on the tenth (10th) business day prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. In the case of
an update pursuant to clause (i) of the foregoing sentence, such update shall be received by the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal
executive office of the Corporation not later than five (5) business days after the record date for determining the stockholders entitled
to notice of the meeting, and in the case of an update pursuant to clause (ii) of the foregoing sentence, such update shall be received
by the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive office of the Corporation not later than eight (8) business days prior
to the date for the meeting, and, if practicable, any adjournment or postponement thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Proposing
Person no longer plans to solicit proxies in accordance with its representation pursuant to Section 1.11.1(b)(Z)(xiii), the Record Holder
shall inform the Corporation of this change by delivering a writing to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation
no later than two (2) business days after the occurrence of such change. For the avoidance of doubt, the obligation to update as set forth
in this paragraph shall not limit the Corporations rights with respect to any deficiencies in any notice provided by a stockholder,
extend any applicable deadlines hereunder or enable or be deemed to permit a stockholder who has previously submitted notice hereunder
to amend or update any proposal or nomination or to submit any new proposal, including by changing or adding nominees, matters, business
and/or resolutions proposed to be brought before a meeting of stockholders.

(c) Notwithstanding anything
in Section 1.11 or any other provision of the Bylaws to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board
is increased and there is no Public Announcement by the Corporation naming all of the nominees for director or specifying the size of
the increased Board at least ninety (90) days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding years annual meeting (or, if the
annual meeting is held more than thirty (30) days before or sixty (60) days after such anniversary date, at least ninety (90) days prior
to such annual meeting), a stockholders notice required by this Section 1.11 shall also be considered timely, but only with respect
to nominees for any new positions created by such increase, if it shall be delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal
executive office of the Corporation no later than the close of business on the tenth (10th) day following the day on which such Public
Announcement is first made by the Corporation.

(d) Notwithstanding anything
in Section 1.11 or any other provision of the Bylaws to the contrary, any person who has been determined by a majority of the Board to
have violated Section 2.11 of these Bylaws or a Board Confidentiality Policy (as defined below) while serving as a director of the Corporation
in the preceding five (5) years shall be ineligible to be nominated to serve as a member of the Board, absent a prior waiver for such
nomination approved by two-thirds of the Board.

1.11.2 Special Meetings
of Stockholders. Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the
meeting pursuant to the Corporations notice of such meeting. Nominations of persons for election to the Board may be made at a
special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected pursuant to the Corporations notice of such meeting (a) by
or at the direction of the Board or any committee thereof or (b) provided that the Board has determined that directors shall be elected
at such meeting, by any stockholder of the Corporation who is a stockholder of record at the time of giving of notice of the special meeting,
who shall be entitled to vote at the meeting and who complies with the notice and other procedures set forth in this Section 1.11 in all
applicable respects. In the event the Corporation calls a special meeting of stockholders for the purpose of electing one or more directors
to the Board, any such stockholder may nominate a person or persons (as the case may be), for election to such position(s) as specified
in the Corporations notice of meeting, if (A) the stockholders notice required by Section 1.11.1(b) of these Bylaws shall
be delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation (i) no earlier than close of business
on the one hundred and twentieth (120th) day prior to such special meeting and (ii) no later than close of business on the later of the
ninetieth (90th) day prior to such special meeting or the tenth (10th) day following the day on which Public Announcement is first made
of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board to be elected at such meeting, (B) the stockholder has complied
in all respects with the requirements of Section 14 of the Exchange Act, including, without limitation, if applicable, the requirements
of Rule 14a-19 (as such rule and regulations may be amended from time to time by the Securities and Exchange Commission, including any
Securities and Exchange Commission Staff interpretations relating thereto) and (C) the Board or an executive officer designated thereby
shall have determined that the stockholder has satisfied the requirements of Section 1.11. In no event shall an adjournment or postponement
of a special meeting commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for providing such notice.

8

1.11.3 General.

(a) Except as otherwise expressly
provided in any appliable rule or regulation under the Exchange Act, only such persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures
set forth in this Section 1.11 shall be eligible to be elected at a meeting of stockholders and serve as directors and only such business
shall be conducted at a meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with the procedures set forth
in this Section 1.11. The number of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at a meeting of stockholders (or in the case of a
Record Stockholder giving the notice on behalf of another Proposing Person, the number of nominees a stockholder nominate for election
at the meeting on behalf of such Proposing Person) shall not exceed the number of directors to be elected at such meeting. Except as otherwise
provided by law or these Bylaws, the chairperson of the meeting shall have the power and duty to determine whether a nomination or any
other business proposed to be brought before the meeting was made or proposed, as the case may be, in accordance with the procedures set
forth in this Section 1.11 and, if any proposed nomination or business is not in compliance herewith, to declare that such defective proposal
or nomination shall be disregarded (and any such nominee shall be disqualified), including the circumstances described in Section 1.11.3(b),
including the provision to the Corporation of notices required under Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act in a timely manner. Notwithstanding
the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.11, unless otherwise required by law, if the stockholder (or a Qualified Representative of
the stockholder (as defined below)) does not appear at the annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation to present a nomination
or proposed business, such nomination shall be disregarded and such proposed business shall not be transacted, notwithstanding that proxies
in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.11, unless
otherwise required by law, no stockholder shall solicit proxies in support of director nominees other than the Corporations nominees
unless such stockholder has complied with Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act in connection with the solicitation of such proxies, including
the provision to the Corporation of notices required thereunder in a timely manner.

(b) If (i) any Proposing Person
provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) under the Exchange Act and (ii) such Proposing Person subsequently fails to comply with the
requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(2) or (3) under the Exchange Act, then the Corporation shall disregard any proxies for any proposed nominees
on the Corporations proxy card other than the Corporations nominees (and any such proposed nominee(s) shall be disqualified),
notwithstanding that proxies in favor thereof may have been received by the Corporation. If any Proposing Person provides notice pursuant
to Rule 14a-19(b) under the Exchange Act, such Proposing Person shall deliver to the Secretary, no later than close of business on the
fifth (5th) business day prior to the applicable meeting, reasonable evidence that the
requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) under the Exchange Act have been satisfied.

(c) Notwithstanding
the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.11, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and
the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth herein. Nothing in this Section 1.11 shall be deemed to affect
any rights of (i) stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporations proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under
the Exchange Act or (ii) the holders of any series of Common Stock or Preferred Stock to elect directors pursuant to any applicable provisions
of the Certificate of Incorporation.

(d) The Corporation may also,
as a condition to any nomination or business being deemed properly brought before a meeting of stockholders, require any stockholder,
Proposing Person or any proposed nominee to deliver to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation, within five
(5) business days of any such request, such other information as may reasonably be requested by the Corporation, including (i) such other
information as may be reasonably required by the Board, in its sole discretion, to determine (a) the eligibility of such proposed nominee
to serve as a director of the Corporation, and (b) whether such proposed nominee qualifies as an independent director or
audit committee financial expert under applicable law, securities exchange rule or regulation and (ii) such other information
that the Board determines, in its sole discretion, could be material to a reasonable stockholders understanding of the independence,
or lack thereof, of such proposed nominee.

(e) Any written notice, supplement,
update or other information required to be delivered by a stockholder or by a Proposing Person to the Corporation pursuant to this Section
1.11 must be given by (i) hand delivery (including use of a delivery service), by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, or by
sending such notice by overnight express courier, to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation, and (ii) facsimile,
electronic mail or other form of electronic transmission to the Secretary.

9

(f) For purposes of this Section
1.11 the following definitions shall apply:

(i) a person shall be deemed
to be Acting in Concert with another person if such person knowingly acts (whether or not pursuant to an express
agreement, arrangement or understanding) in concert with, or toward a common goal relating to the management, governance or control of
the Corporation in substantial parallel with, such other person where (1) each person is conscious of the other persons conduct
or intent and this awareness is an element in their decision-making processes and (2) at least one additional factor suggests that such
persons intend to act in concert or in substantial parallel, which such additional factors may include, without limitation, exchanging
information (whether publicly or privately), attending meetings, conducting discussions or making or soliciting invitations to act in
concert or in substantial parallel; provided, that a person shall not be deemed to be Acting in Concert with any other person solely as
a result of the solicitation or receipt of revocable proxies or consents from such other person in response to a solicitation made pursuant
to, and in accordance with, Section 14(a) (or any successor provision) of the Exchange Act by way of a proxy or consent solicitation statement
filed on Schedule 14A. A person Acting in Concert with another person shall be deemed to be Acting in Concert with any third party who
is also Acting in Concert with such other person;

(ii) affiliate
and associate shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended;
provided, however, that the term partner as used in the definition of associate
shall not include any limited partner that is not involved in the management of the relevant partnership;

(iii) Associated
Person shall mean with respect to any subject stockholder or other person (including any proposed nominee) (1) any person
directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with such stockholder or other person, (2) any beneficial owner
of shares of stock of the Corporation owned of record or beneficially by such stockholder or other person, (3) any associate of such stockholder
or other person, and (4) any person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control or Acting in Concert with
any such Associated Person;

(iv) Proposing
Person shall mean (1) the Record Stockholder providing the notice of business proposed to be brought before an annual meeting
or nomination of persons for election to the Board at a stockholder meeting, (2) the beneficial owner or beneficial owners, if different,
on whose behalf the notice of business proposed to be brought before the annual meeting or nomination of persons for election to the Board
at a stockholder meeting is made, and (3) any Associated Person on whose behalf the notice of business proposed to be brought before the
annual meeting or nomination of persons for election to the Board at a stockholder meeting is made;

(vi) Public Announcement
shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by a national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the
Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and

(vii) to be considered a Qualified
Representative of a stockholder, a person must be a duly authorized officer, manager, trustee or partner of such stockholder
or must be authorized by a writing executed by such stockholder or an electronic transmission delivered by such stockholder to act for
such stockholder as a proxy at the meeting of stockholders and such person must produce such writing or electronic transmission, or a
reliable reproduction thereof, at the meeting. The Secretary of the Corporation, or any other person who shall be appointed to serve as
secretary of the meeting, may require, on behalf of the Corporation, reasonable and appropriate documentation to verify the status of
a person purporting to be a Qualified Representative for purposes hereof.

Article
II: BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Section 2.1 Number;
Qualifications. The total number of directors constituting the Board shall be fixed from time to time in the manner set forth
in the Certificate of Incorporation. No decrease in the authorized number of directors constituting the Board shall shorten the term of
any incumbent director. Directors need not be stockholders of the Corporation.

Section 2.2 Election;
Resignation; Removal; Vacancies. Election of directors need not be by written ballot. Each director shall hold office until the
annual meeting at which such directors term expires and until such directors successor is elected and qualified or until
such directors earlier death, resignation, disqualification or removal. Any director may resign by delivering a resignation in
writing or by electronic transmission to the Corporation at its principal office or to the Chairperson of the Board, the Chief Executive
Officer, or the Secretary. Such resignation shall be effective upon delivery unless it is specified to be effective at a later time or
upon the happening of an event. Subject to the special rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect directors, directors
may be removed only as provided by the Certificate of Incorporation and applicable law. All vacancies occurring in the Board and any newly
created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors shall be filled in the manner set forth in the
Certificate of Incorporation.

10

Section 2.3 Regular
Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board may be held at such places, within or without the State of Delaware, and at such times
as the Board may from time to time determine. Notice of regular meetings need not be given if the date, times and places thereof are fixed
by resolution of the Board.

Section 2.4 Special
Meetings. Special meetings of the Board may be called by the Chairperson of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the Lead Independent
Director or a majority of the members of the Board then in office and may be held at any time, date or place, within or without the State
of Delaware, as the person or persons calling the meeting shall fix. Notice of the time, date and place of such meeting shall be given,
orally, in writing or by electronic transmission (including electronic mail), by or at the direction of the person or persons calling
the meeting to all directors at least four (4) days before the meeting if the notice is mailed, or at least twenty-four (24) hours before
the meeting if such notice is given by telephone, hand delivery, telegram, telex, mailgram, facsimile, electronic mail or other means
of electronic transmission; provided, however, that if, under the circumstances, the Chairperson of the Board, the Lead Independent Director
or the Chief Executive Officer calling a special meeting deems that more immediate action is necessary or appropriate, notice may delivered
on the day of such special meeting. Unless otherwise indicated in the notice, any and all business may be transacted at a special meeting.

Section 2.5 Remote Meetings
Permitted. Members of the Board, or any committee of the Board, may participate in a meeting of the Board or such committee by
means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each
other, and participation in a meeting pursuant to conference telephone or other communications equipment shall constitute presence in
person at such meeting.

Section 2.6 Quorum;
Vote Required for Action. At all meetings of the Board, a majority of the Board shall constitute a quorum for the transaction
of business. If a quorum shall fail to attend any meeting, a majority of those present may adjourn the meeting to another place, date
or time. Except as otherwise provided herein or in the Certificate of Incorporation, or required by law, the vote of a majority of the
directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board.

Section 2.7 Organization.
Meetings of the Board shall be presided over by (a) the Chairperson of the Board, or (b) in such persons absence, the Lead Independent
Director, or (c) in such persons absence, by the Chief Executive Officer, or (d) in such persons absence, by a chairperson
chosen by the Board at the meeting. The Secretary shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in such persons absence the chairperson
of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting.

Section 2.8 Unanimous
Action by Directors in Lieu of a Meeting. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board, or of any
committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board or such committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in
writing or by electronic transmission. After an action is take, the consent or consents shall be filed with the minutes of proceedings
of the Board or committee, as applicable. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be
in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form.

Section 2.9 Powers.
Except as otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation or the DGCL, the business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed
by or under the direction of the Board.

Section 2.10 Compensation
of Directors. Members of the Board, as such, may receive, pursuant to a resolution of the Board, fees and other compensation for
their services as directors, including without limitation their services as members of committees of the Board.

Section 2.11 Confidentiality.
Each director shall maintain the confidentiality of, and shall not share with any third party person or entity (including third parties
that originally sponsored, nominated or designated such director (the Sponsoring Party)), any non-public information
learned in their capacities as directors, including communications among Board members in their capacities as directors. The Board may
adopt a board confidentiality policy further implementing and interpreting this bylaw (a Board Confidentiality Policy).
All directors are required to comply with this bylaw and any such Board Confidentiality Policy unless such director or the Sponsoring
Party for such director has entered into a specific written agreement with the Corporation, in either case as approved by the Board, providing
otherwise with respect to such confidential information.

11

Article
III: COMMITTEES

Section 3.1 Committees.
The Board may designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. The Board
may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting
of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of the committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting
of such committee who are not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint
another member of the Board to act at the meeting in place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent
provided in a resolution of the Board, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board in the management of the
business and affairs of the Corporation and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers that may require it.;
but no such committee shall have the power or authority in reference to the following matters: (a) approving, adopting or recommending
to the stockholders any action or matter (other than the election or removal of members of the Board) expressly required by the DGCL to
be submitted to stockholders for approval or (b) adopting, amending or repealing any bylaw of the Corporation.

Section 3.2 Committee
Rules. Each committee shall keep records of its proceedings and make such reports as the Board may from time to time request.
Unless the Board otherwise provides, each committee designated by the Board may make, alter and repeal rules for the conduct of its business.
In the absence of such rules each committee shall conduct its business in the same manner as the Board conducts its business pursuant
to Article II of these Bylaws. Except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws or the resolution of the
Board designating the committee, any committee may create one or more subcommittees, each subcommittee to consist of one or more members
of the committee, and may delegate to any such subcommittee any or all of the powers and authority of the committee.

Article
IV: OFFICERS; Chairperson; Lead Independent
Director

Section 4.1 Generally.
The officers of the Corporation shall consist of a Chief Executive Officer (who may be the Chairperson of the Board or the President),
a President, a Secretary and a Treasurer and may consist of such other officers, including, without limitation, an Executive Chairperson,
Chief Financial Officer and one or more Vice Presidents, as may from time to time be appointed by the Board. All officers shall be elected
by the Board; provided, however, that the Board may empower the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation to appoint any officer other
than the Executive Chairperson, Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Chief Financial Officer or the Treasurer. Except as otherwise
provided by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, each officer shall hold office until such officers successor
is duly elected and qualified or until such officers earlier resignation, death, disqualification or removal. Any number of offices
may be held by the same person. Any officer may resign by delivering a resignation in writing or by electronic transmission to the Corporation
at its principal office or to the Chairperson of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary. Such resignation shall be effective
upon delivery unless it is specified to be effective at some later time or upon the happening of some later event. Any vacancy occurring
in any office of the Corporation by death, resignation, removal or otherwise may be filled by the Board and the Board may, in its discretion,
leave unfilled, for such period as it may determine, any offices. Each such successor shall hold office for the unexpired term of such
officers predecessor and until a successor is duly elected and qualified or until such officers earlier resignation, death,
disqualification or removal.

Section 4.2 Chief Executive
Officer. Subject to the control of the Board and such supervisory powers, if any, as may be given by the Board, the powers and
duties of the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation are:

(a) to act as the general
manager and, subject to the control of the Board, to have general supervision, direction and control of the business and affairs of the
Corporation;

12

(b) to affix the signature
of the Corporation to all deeds, conveyances, mortgages, guarantees, leases, obligations, bonds, certificates and other papers and instruments
in writing which have been authorized by the Board or which, in the judgment of the Chief Executive Officer, should be executed on behalf
of the Corporation;

(c) to sign certificates for
shares of stock of the Corporation (if any); and

(d) subject to the direction
of the Board, to have general charge of the property of the Corporation and to supervise and control all officers, agents and employees
of the Corporation.

Section 4.3 Chairperson
of the Board. Subject to the provisions of Section 2.7 of these Bylaws, the Chairperson of the Board shall have the power to preside
at all meetings of the Board and shall have such other powers and duties as provided in these Bylaws and as the Board may from time to
time prescribe. The Chairperson of the Board may or may not be an officer of the Corporation.

Section 4.4 Executive
Chairperson. The Executive Chairperson shall have all powers and perform all duties commonly incident to such position, or which
are, or from time to time may be, delegated to him or her by the Board. The powers and duties of the Executive Chairperson shall include,
but will not necessarily be limited to: (i) consulting on the strategic vision and direction of the Corporation, (ii) developing, improving
and maintaining the Corporations government relations and strategic alliances, (iii) improving the business climate for the Corporation
around the world, (iv) enhancing relationships with the Corporations key customers, partners, investors and employees and (v) serving
as a facilitator for communication between the officers of the Corporation and the Board. If the Board deems it proper to elect an Executive
Chairperson, the office of the Executive Chairperson and the office of the Chairperson of the Board shall be filled by the same person.

Section 4.5 Lead Independent
Director. The Board may, in its discretion, elect a lead independent director from among its members that are Independent Directors
(as defined below) (such director, the Lead Independent Director). The Lead Independent Director shall preside
at all meetings at which the Chairperson of the Board is not present and shall exercise such other powers and duties as may from time
to time be assigned to such person by the Board or as prescribed by these Bylaws. For purposes of these Bylaws, Independent
Director has the meaning ascribed to such term under the rules of the exchange upon which the Corporations common
stock is primarily traded.

Section 4.6 President.
The person holding the office of Chief Executive Officer shall be the President of the Corporation unless the Board shall have designated
one individual as the President and a different individual as the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation. Subject to the provisions
of these Bylaws and to the direction of the Board, and subject to the supervisory powers of the Chief Executive Officer (if the Chief
Executive Officer is an officer other than the President), and subject to such supervisory powers and authority as may be given by the
Board to the Chairperson of the Board, and/or to any other officer, the President shall have the responsibility for the general management
and control of the business and affairs of the Corporation and the general supervision and direction of all of the officers, employees
and agents of the Corporation (other than the Chief Executive Officer, if the Chief Executive Officer is an officer other than the President)
and shall perform all duties and have all powers that are commonly incident to the office of President or that are delegated to the President
by the Board.

Section 4.7 Vice President.
Each Vice President shall have all such powers and duties as are commonly incident to the office of Vice President or that are delegated
to such person by the Board or the Chief Executive Officer. A Vice President may be designated by the Board to perform the duties and
exercise the powers of the Chief Executive Officer or President in the event of the Chief Executive Officers or Presidents
absence or disability.

Section 4.8 Chief Financial
Officer. The person holding the office of Chief Financial Officer shall be the Treasurer of the Corporation unless the Board shall
have designated another officer as the Treasurer of the Corporation. Subject to the direction of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer,
the Chief Financial Officer shall perform all duties and have all powers that are commonly incident to the office of Chief Financial Officer,
or as the Board or Chief Executive Officer may from time to time prescribe.

Section 4.9 Treasurer.
The person holding the office of Treasurer shall have custody of all monies and securities of the Corporation. The Treasurer shall make
such disbursements of the funds of the Corporation as are authorized and shall render from time to time an account of all such transactions.
The Treasurer shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as are commonly incident to the office of Treasurer, or
as the Board or the Chief Executive Officer may from time to time prescribe.

13

Section 4.10 Secretary.
The Secretary shall issue or cause to be issued all authorized notices for, and shall keep, or cause to be kept, minutes of all meetings
of the stockholders and the Board. The Secretary shall have charge of the corporate minute books and similar records and shall perform
such other duties and have such other powers as are commonly incident to the office of Secretary, or as the Board or the Chief Executive
Officer may from time to time prescribe.

Section 4.11 Delegation
of Authority. The Board may from time to time delegate the powers or duties of any officer of the Corporation to any other officers
or agents of the Corporation.

Section 4.12 Removal.
Any officer of the Corporation shall serve at the pleasure of the Board and may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by the
Board; provided, that if the Board has empowered the Chief Executive Officer to appoint any officer of the Corporation,
then such officer may also be removed by the Chief Executive Officer. Such removal shall be without prejudice to the contractual rights
of such officer, if any, with the Corporation.

Article
V: STOCK

Section 5.1 Certificates;
Uncertificated Shares. The shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be uncertificated shares; provided, however,
that the resolution of the Board that the shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be uncertificated shares shall not apply to
shares represented by a certificate until such certificate is surrendered to the Corporation (or the transfer agent or registrar, as the
case may be). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes
or series of its stock shall be certificated shares. Every holder of stock represented by certificates shall be entitled to have a certificate
signed by, or in the name of the Corporation, by the Chairperson or Vice-Chairperson of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the
President or a Vice President, and by the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer, or the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, of the Corporation,
representing the number of shares registered in certificate form. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile.
In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall
have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with
the same effect as if such person were an officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue.

Section 5.2 Lost, Stolen
or Destroyed Stock Certificates; Issuance of New Certificates or Uncertificated Shares. The Corporation may issue a new certificate
of stock or uncertificated shares in the place of any certificate previously issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed,
upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate of stock to be lost, stolen or destroyed, and the
Corporation may require the owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or such owners legal representative, to give the
Corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify it, against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft or
destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate or uncertificated shares.

Section 5.3 Other Regulations.
Subject to applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation and these Bylaws, the issue, transfer, conversion and registration of shares
represented by certificates and of uncertificated shares shall be governed by such other regulations as the Board may establish.

14

Article
VI: INDEMNIFICATION

Section 6.1 Indemnification
of Officers and Directors. Each person who was or is made a party to, or is threatened to be made a party to, or is involved in
any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, legislative, investigative,
preliminary, informal or informal, or any other type whatsoever, including any arbitration or other alternative dispute resolution and
including any appeal of the foregoing (a Proceeding), by reason of the fact that such person (or a person
of whom such person is the legal representative), is or was a member of the Board or is or was an officer of the Corporation designated
by the Board to be entitled to the indemnification and advancement rights set forth in this Article VI or, while serving in such capacity,
is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of another corporation, or of a
partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to employee benefit plans (for purposes of this
Article VI, an Indemnitee), shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation to the fullest extent
permitted by the DGCL as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that
such amendment permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights than such law permitted the Corporation to provide prior
to such amendment), against all expenses, liability and loss (including attorneys fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes and
penalties and amounts paid or to be paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by such Indemnitee in connection therewith, provided
such Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner that the Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests
of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the Indemnitees conduct was
unlawful. Such indemnification shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a member of the Board or officer of the Corporation
and shall inure to the benefit of such Indemnitees heirs, executors and administrators. Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject
to Section 6.5 of these Bylaws, the Corporation shall indemnify any such Indemnitee seeking indemnity in connection with a Proceeding
(or part thereof) initiated by such Indemnitee only if such Proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board or such indemnification
is authorized by an agreement approved by the Board.

Section 6.2 Advance
of Expenses. Except as otherwise provided in a written indemnification agreement between the Corporation and an Indemnitee, the
Corporation shall pay all reasonable expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by the Indemnitee in defending any Proceeding
as they are incurred or otherwise in advance of its final disposition; provided, however, that if the DGCL then so requires,
the advancement of such expenses (i.e., payment of such expenses as incurred or otherwise in advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding)
shall be made only upon delivery to the Corporation of an undertaking, by or on behalf of such Indemnitee, to repay such amounts if it
shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which there is no appeal that such Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified
under this Article VI or otherwise.

Section 6.3 Non-Exclusivity
of Rights. The rights conferred on any person in this Article VI shall not be exclusive of any other right that such person may
have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws, agreement, vote or consent of stockholders
or disinterested directors, or otherwise. Additionally, nothing in this Article VI shall limit the ability of the Corporation, in its
discretion, to indemnify or advance expenses to persons whom the Corporation is not obligated to indemnify or advance expenses pursuant
to this Article VI.

Section 6.4 Indemnification
Contracts. The Board is, or as otherwise delegated by the Board to the officers of the Corporation, the officers are, authorized
to cause the Corporation to enter into indemnification contracts with any member of the Board, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation,
or any person serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of another corporation, partnership,
joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including employee benefit plans, providing indemnification or advancement rights to such person.
Such rights may be greater than those provided in this Article VI.

Section 6.5 Right of
Indemnitee to Bring Suit. The following shall apply to the extent not in conflict with any indemnification contract provided for
in Section 6.4 of these Bylaws.

6.5.1 Right to Bring Suit.
If a claim under Section 6.1 or Section 6.2 of these Bylaws is not paid in full by the Corporation within sixty (60) days after a written
claim has been received by the Corporation, except in the case of a claim for an advancement of expenses, in which case the applicable
period shall be twenty (20) days, the Indemnitee may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to recover the unpaid amount
of the claim. If the Indemnitee is successful in whole or in part in any such suit, or in a suit brought by the Corporation to recover
an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the Indemnitee also shall be entitled to be paid, to the fullest extent
permitted by law, the expense of prosecuting or defending such suit. In any suit brought by the Indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification
hereunder (but not in a suit brought by the Indemnitee to enforce a right to an advancement of expenses) it shall be a defense that the
Indemnitee has not met any applicable standard for indemnification set forth in applicable law. In any suit brought by the Corporation
to recover advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the Corporation shall be entitled to recover such expenses
upon a final adjudication that the Indemnitee has not met any applicable standard for indemnification set forth in applicable law.

15

6.5.2 Effect of Determination.
Neither the absence of a determination by or on behalf of the Corporation prior to the commencement of such suit that indemnification
of the Indemnitee is proper in the circumstances because the Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in applicable
law, nor an actual determination by or on behalf of the Corporation that the Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct,
shall create a presumption that the Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct or, in the case of such a suit brought by
the Indemnitee, be a defense to such suit.

6.5.3 Burden of Proof.
In any suit brought by the Indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification or to an advancement of expenses hereunder, or brought by
the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the burden of proving that the Indemnitee
is not entitled to be indemnified, or to such advancement of expenses, under this Article VI, or otherwise, shall be on the Corporation.

Section 6.6 Successful
Defense. To the extent that an Indemnitee has been successful on the merits or otherwise
in defense of any Proceeding (or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein), such Indemnitee shall be indemnified under this Section
6.6 against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred in connection with such defense. Indemnification
under this Section 6.6 shall not be subject to satisfaction of a standard of conduct, and the Corporation may not assert the failure to
satisfy a standard of conduct as a basis to deny indemnification or recover amounts advanced, including in a suit brought pursuant to
Section 6.5 of these Bylaws (notwithstanding anything to the contrary therein); provided, however, that, any Indemnitee who is not a current
or former member of the Board or officer (as such term is defined in the final sentence of Section 145(c)(1) of the DGCL) shall be entitled
to indemnification under Section 6.1 of these Bylaws and this Section 6.6 only if such Indemnitee has satisfied the standard of conduct
required for indemnification under Section 145(a) or Section 145(b) of the DGCL.

Section 6.7 Nature of
Rights. The rights conferred upon Indemnitees in this Article VI shall be contract rights and such rights shall continue as to
an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a member of the Board, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the Indemnitees
heirs, executors and administrators. Any amendment, repeal or modification of any provision of this Article VI that adversely affects
any right of an Indemnitee or an Indemnitees successors shall be prospective only, and shall not adversely affect any right or
protection conferred on a person pursuant to this Article VI with respect to any Proceeding involving any occurrence or alleged occurrence
of any action or omission to act that took place prior to such amendment, repeal or modification.

Section 6.8 Insurance.
The Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any member of the Board, officer, employee
or agent of the Corporation or another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability
or loss, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the
DGCL.

Article
VII: NOTICES

Section 7.1 Notice.

7.1.1 Form and Delivery.
Except as otherwise specifically required by law, notice may be given in writing directed to a stockholders mailing address as
it appears on the records of the Corporation and shall be given: (a) if mailed, when notice is deposited in the U.S. mail, postage prepaid;
and (b) if delivered by courier service, the earlier of when the notice is received or left at such stockholders address. So long
as the Corporation is subject to the Securities and Exchange Commissions proxy rules set forth in Regulation 14A under the Exchange
Act, notice shall be given in the manner required by such rules. To the extent permitted by such rules, or if the Corporation is not subject
to Regulation 14A, notice may be given by electronic transmission directed to the stockholders electronic mail address, and if
so given, shall be given when directed to such stockholders electronic mail address unless the stockholder has notified the Corporation
in writing or by electronic transmission of an objection to receiving notice by electronic mail or such notice is prohibited by Section
232(e) of the DGCL. If notice is given by electronic mail, such notice shall comply with the applicable provisions of Sections 232(a)
and 232(d) of the DGCL. Notice may be given by other forms of electronic transmission with the consent of a stockholder in the manner
permitted by Section 232(b) of the DGCL and shall be deemed given as provided therein.

16

7.1.2 Affidavit of Giving
Notice. An affidavit of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary or of the transfer agent or other agent of the Corporation that the
notice has been given in writing or by a form of electronic transmission shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the
facts stated therein.

Section 7.2 Waiver of
Notice. Whenever notice is required to be given under any provision of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws,
a written waiver of notice, signed by the person entitled to notice, or waiver by electronic transmission by such person, whether before
or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver
of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting
to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor
the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the stockholders, directors or members of a committee of directors need be specified
in any waiver of notice.

Article
VIII: INTERESTED DIRECTORS

Section 8.1 Interested
Directors. No contract or transaction between the Corporation and one or more of its members of the Board or officers, or between
the Corporation and any other corporation, partnership, association or other organization in which one or more of its directors or officers
are members of the board of directors or officers, or have a financial interest, shall be void or voidable solely for this reason, or
solely because the director or officer is present at or participates in the meeting of the Board or committee thereof that authorizes
the contract or transaction, or solely because such directors or officers votes are counted for such purpose, if: (a) the
material facts as to such directors or officers relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed
or are known to the Board or the committee, and the Board or committee in good faith authorizes the contract or transaction by the affirmative
votes of a majority of the disinterested directors, even though the disinterested directors be less than a quorum; (b) the material facts
as to such directors or officers relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known
to the stockholders entitled to vote thereon, and the contract or transaction is specifically approved in good faith by vote of the stockholders;
or (c) the contract or transaction is fair as to the Corporation as of the time it is authorized, approved or ratified by the Board, a
committee thereof, or the stockholders.

Section 8.2 Quorum.
Interested directors may be counted in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting of the Board or of a committee which authorizes
a contract or transaction described in Section 8.1 of these Bylaws.

Article
IX: MISCELLANEOUS

Section 9.1 Fiscal Year.
The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be determined by resolution of the Board.

Section 9.2 Seal.
The Board may provide for a corporate seal, which may have the name of the Corporation inscribed thereon and shall otherwise be in such
form as may be approved from time to time by the Board.

Section 9.3 Form of
Records. Any records administered by or on behalf of the Corporation in the regular course of its business, including its stock
ledger, books of account and minute books, may be kept on or by means of, or be in the form of any other information storage device, method,
or one or more electronic networks or databases (including one or more distributed electronic networks or databases) electronic or otherwise,
provided that the records so kept can be converted into clearly legible paper form within a reasonable time and otherwise comply with
the DGCL. The Corporation shall so convert any records so kept upon the request of any person entitled to inspect such records pursuant
to any provision of the DGCL.

Section 9.4 Reliance
Upon Books and Records. A member of the Board, or a member of any committee designated by the Board shall, in the performance
of such persons duties, be fully protected in relying in good faith upon the books and records of the Corporation and upon such
information, opinions, reports or statements presented to the Corporation by any of the Corporations officers or employees, or
committees of the Board, or by any other person as to matters the member reasonably believes are within such other persons professional
or expert competence and who has been selected with reasonable care by or on behalf of the Corporation.

17

Section 9.5 Certificate
of Incorporation Governs. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws,
the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation shall govern.

Section 9.6 Severability.
If any provision of these Bylaws shall be held to be invalid, illegal, unenforceable or in conflict with the provisions of the Certificate
of Incorporation, then such provision shall nonetheless be enforced to the maximum extent possible consistent with such holding and the
remaining provisions of these Bylaws (including without limitation, all portions of any section of these Bylaws containing any such provision
held to be invalid, illegal, unenforceable or in conflict with the Certificate of Incorporation, that are not themselves invalid, illegal,
unenforceable or in conflict with the Certificate of Incorporation) shall remain in full force and effect.

Section 9.7 Time Periods.
In applying any provision of these Bylaws which requires that an act be done or not be done a specified number of days prior to an event
or that an act be done during a period of a specified number of days prior to an event, calendar days shall be used (unless otherwise
specified herein), the day of the doing of the act shall be excluded, and the day of the event shall be included.

Article
X: AMENDMENT

Notwithstanding any other
provision of these Bylaws, any alteration, amendment or repeal of these Bylaws, and any adoption of new Bylaws, shall require the approval
of the Board or the stockholders of the Corporation as expressly provided in the Certificate of Incorporation.

* * * * *

18

CERTIFICATION
OF Amended and RESTATED BYLAWS

OF

Adaptin Bio, Inc.

(a Delaware corporation)

I, Nathan Pereira, certify
that I am Secretary of Adaptin Bio, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Corporation), that I am duly authorized
to make and deliver this certification, and that the attached Bylaws are a true and complete copy of the Amended and Restated Bylaws of
the Corporation in effect as of the date of this certificate.

Dated: February 11, 2025 /s/ Nathan Pereira

Secretary

19
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ea023016901ex4-1_adaptin.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF PRE-MERGER WARRANT ISSUED TO HOLDERS OF 2023 BRIDGE NOTES
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH
THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE
IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT). THESE
SECURITIES MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED ONLY (A) TO THE COMPANY, (B) IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT, IF AVAILABLE, AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, (C) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT, OR (D)
IN A TRANSACTION THAT DOES NOT REQUIRE REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND THE HOLDER HAS,
PRIOR TO SUCH SALE, FURNISHED TO THE COMPANY AN OPINION OF COUNSEL OR OTHER EVIDENCE OF EXEMPTION, IN EITHER CASE REASONABLY SATISFACTORY
TO THE COMPANY. HEDGING TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THESE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT.

FORM OF COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT 

ADAPTIN
BIO, INC.

Warrant No. _____ Issue Date: _______ __, 202__

THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant)
certifies that, for value received, ________________________________________ (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
the Initial Exercise Date (as defined below) and on or prior to the close of business on the fifth (5th)
anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for
and purchase from Adaptin Bio, Inc., formerly known as Centaur Bio Inc., a Delaware corporation,
or its Parent (as defined in the Notes issued to the initial Holder of this Warrant under the Note Exchange Agreement (the Notes)
(collectively, the Company), up to a number shares of Common Stock (the Warrant
Shares) equal to fifty percent (50%) of the number of shares of Common Stock ( or of the number of
shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise or conversion of Common Stock Equivalents sold in the Qualified Offering) that the principal
amount of the Notes would purchase at the Qualified Offering Price. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant
shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions.
For the purposes hereof, in addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, (a) capitalized terms not otherwise defined
herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement and (b) the following terms shall have the following
meanings:

Affiliate
means, with respect to the Company, any entity that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled
by, or is under common control with, the Company.

Business
Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which shall be a federal legal holiday in the United States
or any day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Control
means the ownership, directly or indirectly, in the aggregate of more than fifty percent (50%) of the beneficial ownership interests of
an entity and the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of an
entity, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise.

Common
Stock means shares of the Offering Stock.

Exchange
Notes means the 10% Secured Subordinated Convertible Promissory Notes issued by the Company pursuant to the terms of the
Note Exchange Agreement, dated as of ________________, 202__.

Fair
Market Value of one share of Common Stock as of a particular date shall mean: (i) if traded on a National Securities Exchange
or quoted on an over the counter market operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc., or its successor, the closing price of the Common Stock on
such exchange or market on the applicable date of valuation; and (ii) if (i) does not apply, the Fair Market Value shall be the value
thereof, as agreed upon by the Company and the Holder; provided, however, that if the Company and the Holder cannot agree on such value,
such value shall be determined by an independent valuation firm experienced in valuing businesses such as the Company and jointly selected
in good faith by the Company and the Holder. Fees and expenses of the valuation firm shall be paid for by the Company.

Initial
Exercise Date means the closing date of a Qualified Offering.

National
Securities Exchange means the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock may be listed or quoted for trading
on the date in question: the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange
or the NYSE American, LLC.

Note
Exchange Agreement means the Note Exchange Agreement, dated as of _____________, 202___, by and between the Company
and the Holder.

Purchase
Agreement means, collectively, the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of _______________, 2023, between the
Company and the original Holder, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms.

Qualified
Offering means the first offering (public or private) by the Company or its Parent after November 1, 2024 of the Companys
or its Parents Offering Stock (as defined in the Notes) with gross proceeds to the Company or its Parent (before underwriter, placement
agent, or broker discounts and commissions and expenses of the offering) of $5,000,000 or more. For purposes of calculating such gross
proceeds, the principal amount of, together with all accrued but unpaid interest on, all indebtedness converted into Common Stock will
be counted.

-2-

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Trading
Day means a day on which the New York Stock Exchange is open for business.

Trading
Market means the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in
question: the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE
American LLC, the OTCQB, the OTCQX or the OTC Pink (or any successor of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents shall have the meaning set forth in the Purchase Agreement.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a National Securities Exchange, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding
date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from
9:30 a.m. New York City time to 4:02 p.m. New York City time); (b) if prices for the Common Stock are reported on the OTC markets, including
the OTCQX, OTCQB and OTC Pink markets, or in the Pink Sheets published by Pink Sheets, LLC (or a similar organization or
agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported; or (c) in
all other cases, the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by
the Subscribers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses
of which shall be paid by the Company; provided that in each case where Bloomberg L.P. data is being relied upon, Holder shall provide
to the Company a copy of such information for the Companys records.

Section 2. Exercise.

(a) Exercise
of Warrant.

i. Exercise of the
purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date
and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company (or such other office or agency of the Company as it may designate by
notice in writing to the registered Holder at the address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company) of a duly executed notice
of exercise (Notice of Exercise) form attached hereto as Exhibit A; and, within two (2) Trading Days
of the date said Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company, the Company shall have received payment of the aggregate Exercise Price
of the shares thereby purchased by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank. Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all
of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant
to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial
exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the
effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant
Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such
purchases. In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, the records of the Company shall be controlling and determinative in the absence
of manifest error.

-3-

ii. If at any time
from the Initial Exercise Date, provided that there is no effective registration statement registering, or no current prospectus available
for the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder, then in lieu of the payment methods set forth in Section 2(a)(i) above, the
Holder may elect to exchange all or some of this Warrant for shares of Common Stock equal to the value of the amount of the Warrant being
exchanged on the date of exchange. If Holder elects to exchange this Warrant as provided in this Section 2(a)(ii), Holder
shall tender to the Company the Warrant for the amount being exchanged, along with written notice of Holders election to exchange
some or all of the Warrant, and the Company shall issue to Holder the number of shares of the Common Stock computed using the following
formula:

X = Y (A-B) 

A 

Where: X = the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to Holder.

Y = the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable under the amount of the Warrant being exchanged (as adjusted to the date of such calculation).

A = the Fair Market Value of one share of the Common Stock on the date prior to the date that the notice of exercise is received by the Company.

B = Exercise Price (as adjusted to the date of such calculation).

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination
Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant to this Section 2(a)(ii).

(b) Exercise
Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Qualified Offering Price, subject to
adjustment as described herein (the Exercise Price).

-4-

(c) Exercise
Limitations. The Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, if at
the time of such exercise the Common Stock is registered pursuant to section 12 of the Exchange Act, and to the extent that after giving
effect to such issuance after exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders affiliates, and any other person or entity acting
as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders affiliates), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of this Section, beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be
filed in accordance therewith. The Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such filings. In any case, the
number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the
Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the Common
Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder
may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(c), provided that any such increase shall not
be effective until 61 days after the Holder gives notice of such increase to the Company, and the provisions of this Section 2(c)
shall continue to apply, unless the Holder upon not less than 61 days prior notice to the Company determines to waive the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation requirements described in this Section 2(c) in its entirety. Any such increase will not be effective until the 61st
day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this
Warrant.

(d) Mechanics
of Exercise.

i. Delivery
of Certificates Upon Exercise. Certificates for shares purchased hereunder shall be transmitted by the Companys transfer agent
(the Transfer Agent) to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders prime broker with the Depository
Trust Company through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission (DWAC) system if the Company is then a participant
in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or
(B) the shares are eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant to Rule 144, and otherwise by physical delivery
of certificates to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise within two (2) Trading Days from the delivery to the
Company of the Notice of Exercise Form, surrender of this Warrant (if required) and payment of the aggregate Exercise Price as set forth
above (the Warrant Share Delivery Date). This Warrant shall be deemed to have been exercised on the date the
Exercise Price is received by the Company. The Warrant Shares shall be deemed to have been issued, and Holder or any other person so designated
to be named therein shall be deemed to have become a holder of record of such shares for all purposes, as of the date the Warrant has
been exercised by payment to the Company of the Exercise Price (except in the case of a cashless exercise pursuant to Section 2(a)(ii))
and all taxes required to be paid by the Holder, if any, pursuant to Section 2(d)(v) prior to the issuance of such shares, have been paid.

-5-

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the certificate or certificates representing Warrant Shares, deliver
to Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new
Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder a certificate or the certificates representing
the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such
exercise.

iv. Obligation
Absolute; Partial Liquidated Damages. The Companys obligations to issue and deliver the Warrant Shares upon exercise of this
Warrant in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction by the Holder to enforce
the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against any person or any action to
enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder or
any other person of any obligation to the Company or any violation or alleged violation of law by the Holder or any other person, and
irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Company to the Holder in connection with the
issuance of such Warrant Shares; provided, however, that such delivery shall not operate as a waiver by the Company of any such action
the Company may have against the Holder. The Company may not refuse exercise based on any claim that the Holder or anyone associated or
affiliated with the Holder has been engaged in any violation of law, agreement or for any other reason, unless an injunction from a court,
on notice to Holder, restraining and or enjoining exercise of all or part of this Warrant shall have been sought and obtained, and the
Company posts a surety bond for the benefit of the Holder in the amount of 130% of the Fair Market Value of the Warrant Shares issuable
upon exercise of this Warrant, which is subject to the injunction, which bond shall remain in effect until the completion of arbitration/litigation
of the underlying dispute and the proceeds of which shall be payable to the Holder to the extent it obtains judgment. In the absence of
such injunction, the Company shall issue Warrant Shares. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder such certificate
or certificates pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the third (3rd) Trading Day after the Conversion Date, the Company shall pay
to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Fair Market Value of Warrant Shares being exercised,
$10 per Trading Day for each Trading Day after such third (3rd) Trading Day until such certificates are delivered. Nothing
herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue actual damages or declare an Event of Default under the Exchange Note for the Companys
failure to deliver Warrant Shares within the period specified herein and the Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available
to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief. The exercise
of any such rights shall not prohibit the Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under applicable
law.

-6-

v. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Certificates upon Conversion. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder such certificate or certificates by the Share Delivery Date, and if after such
Share Delivery Date the Holder is required by its brokerage firm to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise), or the Holders
brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which
the Holder was entitled to receive upon the exercise relating to such Share Delivery Date (a Buy-In), then the Company
shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder (in addition to any other remedies available to or elected by the Holder), if any, the amount by which
(x) the Holders total purchase price (including any brokerage commissions) for the Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product
of (1) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that the Holder was entitled to receive from the exercise at issue multiplied by
(2) the actual per share sale price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed (including any brokerage
commissions) and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reissue (if surrendered) this Warrant for a number of Warrant Shares equal to
the number of Warrant Shares of the attempted exercise (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder
the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued if the Company had timely complied with its delivery requirements under
Section 2(d)(i). For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect
to an attempted exercise of this Warrant with respect to which the actual sale price of the Warrant Shares (including any brokerage commissions)
giving rise to such purchase obligation was a total of $10,000 under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence, the Company shall
be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder
in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders
right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific
performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver certificates representing shares of
Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

vi. No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at
its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise
Price or round up to the next whole share.

-7-

vii. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of certificates for Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer
tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such certificate, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company,
and such certificates shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that in the event certificates for Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant
when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the assignment form (Assignment Form) attached hereto
as Exhibit B duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to
reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto.

viii. Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its shareholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

Section
3. [Intentionally Omitted.]

Section 4. Certain
Adjustments.

(a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If, at any time after the Initial Exercise Date until the Termination Date, the Company: (i) pays a stock dividend
or otherwise make a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable
in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Warrant Shares issued by the Company upon exercise of
this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of
reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of
the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of
which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such
event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the number
of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 4(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of shareholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective
date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

-8-

(b) Subsequent
Equity Sales. If, at any time after the Initial Exercise Date while this Warrant is outstanding, the Company sells or grants any option
to purchase or sells or grants any right to reprice, or otherwise disposes of or issues (or announces any sale, grant or any option to
purchase or other disposition), any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents at an effective price per share that is lower than the then
Exercise Price (such issuances, collectively, a Dilutive Issuance) (if the holder of the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments, reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange
prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled to
receive shares of common stock at an effective price per share that is lower than the Exercise Price, such issuance shall be deemed to
have occurred for less than the Exercise Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance), then immediately upon such issuance or sale (or
deemed issuance or sale) the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such issuance or sale (or deemed issuance or sale) shall be
reduced (and in no event increased) to an Exercise Price equal to the quotient obtained by dividing:

(A) the sum of (1)
the product obtained by multiplying the Common Stock Deemed Outstanding immediately prior to such issuance or sale (or deemed issuance
or sale) by the Exercise Price then in effect plus (2) the aggregate consideration, if any, received by the Company upon such issuance
or sale (or deemed issuance or sale); by

(B) the sum of (1)
the Common Stock Deemed Outstanding immediately prior to such issuance or sale (or deemed issuance or sale) plus (2) the aggregate number
of shares of Common Stock issued or sold (or deemed issued or sold) by the Company in such issuance or sale (or deemed issuance or sale).

Common Stock
Deemed Outstanding means, at any given time, the sum of (a) the number of shares of Common Stock actually outstanding at such time,
plus (b) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of any warrants or other rights or options to subscribe for or purchase
Common Stock and conversion or exchange of any securities (directly or indirectly) convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock,
in each case actually outstanding at such time (treating as actually outstanding any such warrants, rights, options or other securities
issuable upon exercise of other such securities actually outstanding at such time), in each case, regardless of whether such securities
are actually exercisable, convertible or exchangeable at such time; provided, that Common Stock Deemed Outstanding at any given time shall
not include shares owned or held by or for the account of the Company or any of its wholly-owned subsidiaries.

Such adjustment shall
be made whenever such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no adjustment will be made under
this Section 4(b) in respect of an Exempt Issuance (as defined below).

The Company shall
notify the Holder in writing, no later than one (1) Business Day following the issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
subject to this Section 4(b), indicating therein the applicable issuance price, or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion
price and other pricing terms (such notice, the Dilutive Issuance Notice). For purposes of clarification, whether or not
the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 4(b), upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance, the Holder
is entitled to receive a number of Conversion Shares based upon the new Conversion Price provided above on or after the date of such Dilutive
Issuance, regardless of whether the Holder accurately refers to the new Conversion Price in the Notice of Conversion.

-9-

Exempt Issuance
means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock, restricted stock units or options, and the underlying shares of Common Stock to consultants,
employees, officers or directors of the Company pursuant to any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the
non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such
purpose for services rendered to the Company, (b) securities issued upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any securities issued
hereunder and/or other securities issuable pursuant to existing agreements, exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares
of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Warrant and disclosed in the Purchase Agreement, provided that such securities
have not been amended since the date of this Warrant to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange
price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock dividends, stock splits or combinations) or to extend
the term of such securities, (c) securities issued pursuant, acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the directors
of the Company, provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equity holders of a Person) which is, itself or through
its Subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and which shall
reasonably be expected to provide to the Company additional benefits, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing
securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities, (d) securities
issued pursuant to any purchase money equipment loan or capital leasing arrangement, purchasing agent or debt financing from a commercial
bank or similar financial institution, (e) securities issued pursuant to any presently outstanding warrants disclosed in the Purchase
Agreement or this Warrant, and (f) securities upon a stock split, stock dividend or subdivision of the Common Stock and shares of common
stock in a public offering.

(c) Pro
Rata Distributions. If, at any time after the Initial Exercise Date until the Termination Date, the Company shall distribute to all
holders of Common Stock (and not to the Holder) evidences of its indebtedness or assets (including cash and cash dividends) or rights
or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any security other than the Common Stock, then in each such case the Exercise Price shall be
adjusted by multiplying the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to the record date fixed for determination of stockholders entitled
to receive such distribution by a fraction of which the denominator shall be the VWAP determined as of the record date mentioned above,
and of which the numerator shall be such VWAP on such record date less than the per share Fair Market Value at such record date of the
portion of such assets or evidence of indebtedness or rights or warrants so distributed applicable to one outstanding share of the Common
Stock as determined by the Board of Directors in good faith. In either case the adjustments shall be described in a statement provided
to the Holder of the portion of assets or evidences of indebtedness so distributed or such subscription rights applicable to one share
of Common Stock. Such adjustment shall be made whenever any such distribution is made and shall become effective immediately after the
record date mentioned above.

-10-

(d) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time prior to the Termination Date, (i) the Company effects any merger or consolidation of the Company into
another Person, (ii) the Company effects any sale of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions,
(iii) any tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock
are permitted to tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property or (iv) the Company effects any reclassification
of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for
other securities, cash or property (each Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this
Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately
prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation
or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration)
receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable
immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction. For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be
appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of
one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration
in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common
Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be
given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction.
To the extent necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any successor to the Company or surviving entity in such Fundamental Transaction
shall issue to the Holder a new warrant consistent with the foregoing provisions and evidencing the Holders right to exercise such
warrant into Alternate Consideration. The terms of any agreement pursuant to which a Fundamental Transaction is effected shall include
terms requiring any such successor or surviving entity to comply with the provisions of this Section 4(c) and insuring that this Warrant
(or any such replacement security) will be similarly adjusted upon any subsequent transaction analogous to a Fundamental Transaction.

(e) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to this Section 4, if at any time prior to the Termination Date the Company
grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to all
of the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled
to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the
Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations
on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is
taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders
of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent
that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such
shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance
for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation.

-11-

(f) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 4 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 4, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the
number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

(g) Notice
to Holder.

i. Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 4, the Company shall promptly
mail to the Holder a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring
such adjustment.

ii. Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common
Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall
authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock
of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any shareholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification
of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of
the assets of the Company, of any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property,
or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company,
then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be mailed to the Holder at its last address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register
of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x)
the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record
is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption,
rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share
exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record
shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to mail such notice or any defect therein or in the
mailing thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. The Holder is entitled
to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice.

-12-

Section 5. Transfer
of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 5(d) herein and to the provisions of
the Purchase Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable,
in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with an Assignment
Form duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such
transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name
of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and
shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled.
The Warrant, if properly assigned, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New
Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or
its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 5(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance
with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Initial Exercise Date and shall be identical with this
Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d) Transfer
Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer of this
Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under applicable
state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions pursuant to Rule 144, the
Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or transferee of this Warrant, as the case may be, comply
with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

-13-

Section 6. Miscellaneous.

a) No
Rights as Shareholder Until Exercise. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights or other rights as a shareholder
of the Company prior to the exercise hereof.

b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Business Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

d) Authorized
Shares.

The Company covenants
that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock one hundred (100%) of
the number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. In
case such amount of Common Stock is insufficient at any time, the Company shall call and hold a special meeting to increase the number
of authorized shares of common stock. Management of the Company shall recommend to shareholders to vote in favor of increasing the number
of authorized shares of common stock.

The Company further
covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of executing
stock certificates to execute and issue the necessary certificates for the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under
this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as
provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the National Securities Exchange upon
which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase
rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof
(other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to
the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate
of incorporation, as amended, or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of
securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but
will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

-14-

Before taking
any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise
Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public
regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Jurisdiction.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance
with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, will have restrictions
upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice Holders rights, powers or remedies, notwithstanding the fact that all rights hereunder
terminate on the Termination Date. If the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results
in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses
including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by Holder in collecting
any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h) Notices.
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered in
accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of Holder, shall give rise to any liability of Holder for the purchase price
of any Common Stock or as a shareholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions of this
Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of all Holders from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by the Holder or
holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

[Signature Page Follows.]

-15-

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

ADAPTIN BIO, INC. 

By: 

Name: Michael J. Roberts 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO ADAPTIN
BIO WARRANT]

EXHIBIT A

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: ADAPTIN BIO, INC.

(1) The
undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant and

tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any; or

elects to purchase the number of Warrant Shares stated above pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in Section 2(a) of
the Warrant

(2) Please
issue a certificate or certificates representing said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified
below:

_______________________________ 

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number or by physical delivery of a certificate to:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

(3) Accredited Investor.
The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity:

________________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity:

_________________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory:

___________________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory:

____________________________________________________________________

Date: _______________________________________________________________

A-1

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing warrant, execute

this form and supply required information.

Do not use this form to exercise the warrant.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, [____] all of or [_______] shares
of the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

_______________________________________________ whose address is

____________________________________________________________.

_______________________________________________________________

Dated: ______________, _______

Holders Signature: _____________________________

Holders Address: ______________________________

_______________________________

Signature Guaranteed: ___________________________________________

NOTE: The signature to this Assignment Form must correspond with the
name as it appears on the face of the Warrant, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever, and must be guaranteed by a
bank or trust company. Officers of corporations and those acting in a fiduciary or other representative capacity should file proper evidence
of authority to assign the foregoing Warrant.

B-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ea023016901ex4-2_adaptin.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF PRE-MERGER WARRANT ISSUED IN CONNECTION WITH EXCHANGE NOTES
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH
THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE
IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT). THESE
SECURITIES MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED ONLY (A) TO THE COMPANY, (B) IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT, IF AVAILABLE, AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, (C) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT, OR (D)
IN A TRANSACTION THAT DOES NOT REQUIRE REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND THE HOLDER HAS,
PRIOR TO SUCH SALE, FURNISHED TO THE COMPANY AN OPINION OF COUNSEL OR OTHER EVIDENCE OF EXEMPTION, IN EITHER CASE REASONABLY SATISFACTORY
TO THE COMPANY. HEDGING TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THESE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT.

FORM OF COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT 

ADAPTIN
BIO, INC.

Warrant No. _____ Issue Date: _______ __, 202__

THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant)
certifies that, for value received, ________________________________________ (the Holder) is entitled, upon
the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the Initial Exercise
Date (as defined below) and on or prior to the close of business on the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date
(the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Adaptin Bio, Inc., formerly
known as Centaur Bio Inc., a Delaware corporation, or its Parent (as defined in the the Notes issued to the initial Holder of this Warrant
under the Note Exchange Agreement (the Notes)) (collectively, the Company), up
to a number shares of Common Stock (the Warrant Shares) equal to fifty percent (50%) of the number of shares
of Common Stock (or of the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise or conversion of Common Stock Equivalents sold in the
Qualified Offering) that the principal amount of the Notes would purchase at the Qualified Offering Price. The purchase price of one share
of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions.
For the purposes hereof, in addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, (a) capitalized terms not otherwise defined
herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement and (b) the following terms shall have the following
meanings:

Affiliate
means, with respect to the Company, any entity that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled
by, or is under common control with, the Company.

Business
Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which shall be a federal legal holiday in the United States
or any day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Control
means the ownership, directly or indirectly, in the aggregate of more than fifty percent (50%) of the beneficial ownership interests of
an entity and the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of an
entity, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise.

Common
Stock means shares of the Offering Stock.

Fair
Market Value of one share of Common Stock as of a particular date shall mean: (i) if traded on a National Securities Exchange
or quoted on an over the counter market operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc., or its successor, the closing price of the Common Stock on
such exchange or market on the applicable date of valuation; and (ii) if (i) does not apply, the Fair Market Value shall be the value
thereof, as agreed upon by the Company and the Holder; provided, however, that if the Company and the Holder cannot agree on such value,
such value shall be determined by an independent valuation firm experienced in valuing businesses such as the Company and jointly selected
in good faith by the Company and the Holder. Fees and expenses of the valuation firm shall be paid for by the Company.

Initial
Exercise Date means the closing date of a Qualified Offering.

National
Securities Exchange means the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock may be listed or quoted for trading
on the date in question: the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange
or the NYSE American, LLC.

Note
Exchange Agreement means the Note Exchange Agreement, dated as of _____________, 202___, between the Company and
the original Holder, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms.

Purchase
Agreement means, collectively, the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of _______________, 2023, between the
Company and the original Holder, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms.

Qualified
Offering means the first offering (public or private) by the Company or its Parent after November 1, 2024 of the Companys
or its Parents Offering Stock (as defined in the Notes) with gross proceeds to the Company or its Parent (before underwriter, placement
agent, or broker discounts and commissions and expenses of the offering) of $5,000,000 or more. For purposes of calculating such gross
proceeds, the principal amount of, together with all accrued but unpaid interest on, all indebtedness converted into Common Stock will
be counted.

-2-

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Trading
Day means a day on which the New York Stock Exchange is open for business.

Trading
Market means the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in
question: the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE
American LLC, the OTCQB, the OTCQX or the OTC Pink (or any successor of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents shall have the meaning set forth in the Purchase Agreement.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a National Securities Exchange, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding
date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from
9:30 a.m. New York City time to 4:02 p.m. New York City time); (b) if prices for the Common Stock are reported on the OTC markets, including
the OTCQX, OTCQB and OTC Pink markets, or in the Pink Sheets published by Pink Sheets, LLC (or a similar organization or
agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported; or (c) in
all other cases, the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by
the Subscribers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses
of which shall be paid by the Company; provided that in each case where Bloomberg L.P. data is being relied upon, Holder shall provide
to the Company a copy of such information for the Companys records.

Section 2. Exercise.

(a) Exercise
of Warrant.

i. Exercise of the
purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date
and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company (or such other office or agency of the Company as it may designate by
notice in writing to the registered Holder at the address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company) of a duly executed notice
of exercise (Notice of Exercise) form attached hereto as Exhibit A; and, within two (2) Trading Days
of the date said Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company, the Company shall have received payment of the aggregate Exercise Price
of the shares thereby purchased by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank. Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all
of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant
to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial
exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the
effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant
Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such
purchases. In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, the records of the Company shall be controlling and determinative in the absence
of manifest error.

-3-

ii. If at any time
from the Initial Exercise Date, provided that there is no effective registration statement registering, or no current prospectus available
for the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder, then in lieu of the payment methods set forth in Section 2(a)(i) above, the
Holder may elect to exchange all or some of this Warrant for shares of Common Stock equal to the value of the amount of the Warrant being
exchanged on the date of exchange. If Holder elects to exchange this Warrant as provided in this Section 2(a)(ii), Holder
shall tender to the Company the Warrant for the amount being exchanged, along with written notice of Holders election to exchange
some or all of the Warrant, and the Company shall issue to Holder the number of shares of the Common Stock computed using the following
formula:

X = Y (A-B) 

A 

Where: X = the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to Holder.

Y = the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable under the amount of the Warrant being exchanged (as adjusted to the date of such calculation).

A = the Fair Market Value of one share of the Common Stock on the date prior to the date that the notice of exercise is received by the Company.

B = Exercise Price (as adjusted to the date of such calculation).

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination
Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant to this Section 2(a)(ii).

(b) Exercise
Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Conversion Price, as such term is defined
in Section 1.03(a) of the Note issued to the Holder pursuant to the Note Exchange Agreement (the Exercise Price).

-4-

(c) Exercise
Limitations. The Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, if at
the time of such exercise the Common Stock is registered pursuant to section 12 of the Exchange Act, and to the extent that after giving
effect to such issuance after exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders affiliates, and any other person or entity acting
as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders affiliates), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of this Section, beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be
filed in accordance therewith. The Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such filings. In any case, the
number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the
Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the Common
Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder
may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(c), provided that any such increase shall not
be effective until 61 days after the Holder gives notice of such increase to the Company, and the provisions of this Section 2(c)
shall continue to apply, unless the Holder upon not less than 61 days prior notice to the Company determines to waive the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation requirements described in this Section 2(c) in its entirety. Any such increase will not be effective until the 61st
day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this
Warrant.

(d) Mechanics
of Exercise.

i. Delivery
of Certificates Upon Exercise. Certificates for shares purchased hereunder shall be transmitted by the Companys transfer agent
(the Transfer Agent) to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders prime broker with the Depository
Trust Company through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission (DWAC) system if the Company is then a participant
in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or
(B) the shares are eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant to Rule 144, and otherwise by physical delivery
of certificates to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise within two (2) Trading Days from the delivery to the
Company of the Notice of Exercise Form, surrender of this Warrant (if required) and payment of the aggregate Exercise Price as set forth
above (the Warrant Share Delivery Date). This Warrant shall be deemed to have been exercised on the date the
Exercise Price is received by the Company. The Warrant Shares shall be deemed to have been issued, and Holder or any other person so designated
to be named therein shall be deemed to have become a holder of record of such shares for all purposes, as of the date the Warrant has
been exercised by payment to the Company of the Exercise Price (except in the case of a cashless exercise pursuant to Section 2(a)(ii))
and all taxes required to be paid by the Holder, if any, pursuant to Section 2(d)(v) prior to the issuance of such shares, have been paid.

-5-

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the certificate or certificates representing Warrant Shares, deliver
to Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new
Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder a certificate or the certificates representing
the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such
exercise.

iv. Obligation
Absolute; Partial Liquidated Damages. The Companys obligations to issue and deliver the Warrant Shares upon exercise of this
Warrant in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction by the Holder to enforce
the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against any person or any action to
enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder or
any other person of any obligation to the Company or any violation or alleged violation of law by the Holder or any other person, and
irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Company to the Holder in connection with the
issuance of such Warrant Shares; provided, however, that such delivery shall not operate as a waiver by the Company of any such action
the Company may have against the Holder. The Company may not refuse exercise based on any claim that the Holder or anyone associated or
affiliated with the Holder has been engaged in any violation of law, agreement or for any other reason, unless an injunction from a court,
on notice to Holder, restraining and or enjoining exercise of all or part of this Warrant shall have been sought and obtained, and the
Company posts a surety bond for the benefit of the Holder in the amount of 130% of the Fair Market Value of the Warrant Shares issuable
upon exercise of this Warrant, which is subject to the injunction, which bond shall remain in effect until the completion of arbitration/litigation
of the underlying dispute and the proceeds of which shall be payable to the Holder to the extent it obtains judgment. In the absence of
such injunction, the Company shall issue Warrant Shares. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder such certificate
or certificates pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the third (3rd) Trading Day after the Conversion Date, the Company shall pay
to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Fair Market Value of Warrant Shares being exercised,
$10 per Trading Day for each Trading Day after such third (3rd) Trading Day until such certificates are delivered. Nothing
herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue actual damages or declare an Event of Default under the Note for the Companys
failure to deliver Warrant Shares within the period specified herein and the Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available
to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief. The exercise
of any such rights shall not prohibit the Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under applicable
law.

-6-

v. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Certificates upon Conversion. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder such certificate or certificates by the Share Delivery Date, and if after such
Share Delivery Date the Holder is required by its brokerage firm to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise), or the Holders
brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which
the Holder was entitled to receive upon the exercise relating to such Share Delivery Date (a Buy-In), then the Company
shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder (in addition to any other remedies available to or elected by the Holder), if any, the amount by which
(x) the Holders total purchase price (including any brokerage commissions) for the Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product
of (1) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that the Holder was entitled to receive from the exercise at issue multiplied by
(2) the actual per share sale price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed (including any brokerage
commissions) and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reissue (if surrendered) this Warrant for a number of Warrant Shares equal to
the number of Warrant Shares of the attempted exercise (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder
the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued if the Company had timely complied with its delivery requirements under
Section 2(d)(i). For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect
to an attempted exercise of this Warrant with respect to which the actual sale price of the Warrant Shares (including any brokerage commissions)
giving rise to such purchase obligation was a total of $10,000 under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence, the Company shall
be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder
in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders
right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific
performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver certificates representing shares of
Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

vi. No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at
its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise
Price or round up to the next whole share.

-7-

vii. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of certificates for Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer
tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such certificate, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company,
and such certificates shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that in the event certificates for Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant
when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the assignment form (Assignment Form) attached hereto
as Exhibit B duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to
reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto.

viii. Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its shareholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

Section
3. [Intentionally Omitted.]

Section 4. Certain
Adjustments.

(a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If, at any time after the Initial Exercise Date until the Termination Date, the Company: (i) pays a stock dividend
or otherwise make a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable
in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Warrant Shares issued by the Company upon exercise of
this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of
reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of
the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of
which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such
event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the number
of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 4(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of shareholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective
date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

(b) Subsequent
Equity Sales. If, at any time after the Initial Exercise Date while this Warrant is outstanding, the Company sells or grants any option
to purchase or sells or grants any right to reprice, or otherwise disposes of or issues (or announces any sale, grant or any option to
purchase or other disposition), any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents at an effective price per share that is lower than the then
Exercise Price (such issuances, collectively, a Dilutive Issuance) (if the holder of the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments, reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange
prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled to
receive shares of common stock at an effective price per share that is lower than the Exercise Price, such issuance shall be deemed to
have occurred for less than the Exercise Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance), then immediately upon such issuance or sale (or
deemed issuance or sale) the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such issuance or sale (or deemed issuance or sale) shall be
reduced (and in no event increased) to an Exercise Price equal to the quotient obtained by dividing:

(A) the sum of (1)
the product obtained by multiplying the Common Stock Deemed Outstanding immediately prior to such issuance or sale (or deemed issuance
or sale) by the Exercise Price then in effect plus (2) the aggregate consideration, if any, received by the Company upon such issuance
or sale (or deemed issuance or sale); by

-8-

(B) the sum of (1)
the Common Stock Deemed Outstanding immediately prior to such issuance or sale (or deemed issuance or sale) plus (2) the aggregate number
of shares of Common Stock issued or sold (or deemed issued or sold) by the Company in such issuance or sale (or deemed issuance or sale).

Common Stock
Deemed Outstanding means, at any given time, the sum of (a) the number of shares of Common Stock actually outstanding at such time,
plus (b) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of any warrants or other rights or options to subscribe for or purchase
Common Stock and conversion or exchange of any securities (directly or indirectly) convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock,
in each case actually outstanding at such time (treating as actually outstanding any such warrants, rights, options or other securities
issuable upon exercise of other such securities actually outstanding at such time), in each case, regardless of whether such securities
are actually exercisable, convertible or exchangeable at such time; provided, that Common Stock Deemed Outstanding at any given time shall
not include shares owned or held by or for the account of the Company or any of its wholly-owned subsidiaries.

Such adjustment shall
be made whenever such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no adjustment will be made under
this Section 4(b) in respect of an Exempt Issuance (as defined below).

The Company shall
notify the Holder in writing, no later than one (1) Business Day following the issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
subject to this Section 4(b), indicating therein the applicable issuance price, or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion
price and other pricing terms (such notice, the Dilutive Issuance Notice). For purposes of clarification, whether or not
the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 4(b), upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance, the Holder
is entitled to receive a number of Conversion Shares based upon the new Conversion Price provided above on or after the date of such Dilutive
Issuance, regardless of whether the Holder accurately refers to the new Conversion Price in the Notice of Conversion.

-9-

Exempt Issuance
means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock, restricted stock units or options, and the underlying shares of Common Stock to consultants,
employees, officers or directors of the Company pursuant to any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the
non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such
purpose for services rendered to the Company, (b) securities issued upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any securities issued
hereunder and/or other securities issuable pursuant to existing agreements, exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares
of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Warrant and disclosed in the Purchase Agreement, provided that such securities
have not been amended since the date of this Warrant to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange
price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock dividends, stock splits or combinations) or to extend
the term of such securities, (c) securities issued pursuant, acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the directors
of the Company, provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equity holders of a Person) which is, itself or through
its Subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and which shall
reasonably be expected to provide to the Company additional benefits, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing
securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities, (d) securities
issued pursuant to any purchase money equipment loan or capital leasing arrangement, purchasing agent or debt financing from a commercial
bank or similar financial institution, (e) securities issued pursuant to any presently outstanding warrants disclosed in the Purchase
Agreement or this Warrant, and (f) securities upon a stock split, stock dividend or subdivision of the Common Stock and shares of common
stock in a public offering.

(c) Pro
Rata Distributions. If, at any time after the Initial Exercise Date until the Termination Date, the Company shall distribute to all
holders of Common Stock (and not to the Holder) evidences of its indebtedness or assets (including cash and cash dividends) or rights
or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any security other than the Common Stock, then in each such case the Exercise Price shall be
adjusted by multiplying the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to the record date fixed for determination of stockholders entitled
to receive such distribution by a fraction of which the denominator shall be the VWAP determined as of the record date mentioned above,
and of which the numerator shall be such VWAP on such record date less than the per share Fair Market Value at such record date of the
portion of such assets or evidence of indebtedness or rights or warrants so distributed applicable to one outstanding share of the Common
Stock as determined by the Board of Directors in good faith. In either case the adjustments shall be described in a statement provided
to the Holder of the portion of assets or evidences of indebtedness so distributed or such subscription rights applicable to one share
of Common Stock. Such adjustment shall be made whenever any such distribution is made and shall become effective immediately after the
record date mentioned above.

-10-

(d) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time prior to the Termination Date, (i) the Company effects any merger or consolidation of the Company into
another Person, (ii) the Company effects any sale of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions,
(iii) any tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock
are permitted to tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property or (iv) the Company effects any reclassification
of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for
other securities, cash or property (each Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this
Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately
prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation
or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration)
receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable
immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction. For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be
appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of
one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration
in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common
Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be
given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction.
To the extent necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any successor to the Company or surviving entity in such Fundamental Transaction
shall issue to the Holder a new warrant consistent with the foregoing provisions and evidencing the Holders right to exercise such
warrant into Alternate Consideration. The terms of any agreement pursuant to which a Fundamental Transaction is effected shall include
terms requiring any such successor or surviving entity to comply with the provisions of this Section 4(c) and insuring that this Warrant
(or any such replacement security) will be similarly adjusted upon any subsequent transaction analogous to a Fundamental Transaction.

(e) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to this Section 4, if at any time prior to the Termination Date the Company
grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to all
of the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled
to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the
Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations
on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is
taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders
of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent
that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such
shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance
for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation.

-11-

(f) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 4 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 4, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the
number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

(g) Notice
to Holder.

i. Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 4, the Company shall promptly
mail to the Holder a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring
such adjustment.

ii. Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common
Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall
authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock
of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any shareholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification
of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of
the assets of the Company, of any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property,
or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company,
then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be mailed to the Holder at its last address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register
of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x)
the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record
is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption,
rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share
exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record
shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to mail such notice or any defect therein or in the
mailing thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. The Holder is entitled
to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice.

-12-

Section 5. Transfer
of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 5(d) herein and to the provisions of
the Purchase Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable,
in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with an Assignment
Form duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such
transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name
of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and
shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled.
The Warrant, if properly assigned, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New
Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or
its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 5(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance
with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Initial Exercise Date and shall be identical with this
Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d) Transfer
Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer of this
Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under applicable
state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions pursuant to Rule 144, the
Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or transferee of this Warrant, as the case may be, comply
with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

-13-

Section 6. Miscellaneous.

a) No
Rights as Shareholder Until Exercise. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights or other rights as a shareholder
of the Company prior to the exercise hereof.

b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Business Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

d) Authorized
Shares.

The Company covenants
that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock one hundred (100%) of
the number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. In
case such amount of Common Stock is insufficient at any time, the Company shall call and hold a special meeting to increase the number
of authorized shares of common stock. Management of the Company shall recommend to shareholders to vote in favor of increasing the number
of authorized shares of common stock.

The Company further
covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of executing
stock certificates to execute and issue the necessary certificates for the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under
this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as
provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the National Securities Exchange upon
which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase
rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof
(other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

-14-

Except and to
the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate
of incorporation, as amended, or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of
securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but
will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking
any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise
Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public
regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Jurisdiction.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance
with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, will have restrictions
upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice Holders rights, powers or remedies, notwithstanding the fact that all rights hereunder
terminate on the Termination Date. If the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results
in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses
including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by Holder in collecting
any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h) Notices.
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered in
accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

-15-

i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of Holder, shall give rise to any liability of Holder for the purchase price
of any Common Stock or as a shareholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions of this
Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of all Holders from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by the Holder or
holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

[Signature Page Follows.]

-16-

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

ADAPTIN BIO, INC. 

By: 

Name: Michael J. Roberts 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO ADAPTIN BIO, INC. WARRANT]

EXHIBIT A

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: ADAPTIN BIO, INC.

(1) The
undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant and

tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any; or

elects to purchase the number of Warrant Shares stated above pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in Section 2(a) of
the Warrant

(2) Please
issue a certificate or certificates representing said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified
below:

_______________________________ 

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number or by physical delivery of a certificate to:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

(3) Accredited Investor.
The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity:

________________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity:

_________________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory:

___________________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory:

____________________________________________________________________

Date: _______________________________________________________________

A-1

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing warrant, execute

this form and supply required information.

Do not use this form to exercise the warrant.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, [__] all of or ___________ shares
of the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

_______________________________________________ whose address is

____________________________________________________________.

_______________________________________________________________

Dated: ______________, _______

Holders Signature: _____________________________

Holders Address: ______________________________

_______________________________

Signature Guaranteed: ___________________________________________

NOTE: The signature to this Assignment Form must correspond with the
name as it appears on the face of the Warrant, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever, and must be guaranteed by a
bank or trust company. Officers of corporations and those acting in a fiduciary or other representative capacity should file proper evidence
of authority to assign the foregoing Warrant.

B-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.3
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ea023016901ex4-3_adaptin.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF PLACEMENT AGENT WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.3

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH
THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE
IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT). THESE
SECURITIES MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED ONLY (A) TO THE COMPANY, (B) IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT, IF AVAILABLE, AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, (C) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT, OR (D)
IN A TRANSACTION THAT DOES NOT REQUIRE REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND THE HOLDER HAS,
PRIOR TO SUCH SALE, FURNISHED TO THE COMPANY AN OPINION OF COUNSEL OR OTHER EVIDENCE OF EXEMPTION, IN EITHER CASE REASONABLY SATISFACTORY
TO THE COMPANY. HEDGING TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THESE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT.

FORM OF COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT 

ADAPTIN
BIO, INC.

Warrant No. 2025-___ Issue Date: _______ __, 2025

THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant)
certifies that, for value received, Laidlaw & Company (UK) Ltd. (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms
and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the Initial Exercise Date
(as defined below) and on or prior to the close of business on the seventh (7th) anniversary of the final Closing of the Offering
(the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Adaptin Bio, Inc. (formerly
known as Unite Acquisition 1 Corp.), a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to _______________________________________
(__________) shares of Common Stock (the Warrant Shares). The purchase price of one share of Common Stock
under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions.
For the purposes hereof, in addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, (a) capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein
shall have the meanings set forth in the Subscription Agreement and (b) the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Business
Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which shall be a federal legal holiday in the United States
or any day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Fair
Market Value of one share of Common Stock as of a particular date shall mean: (i) if traded on a National Securities Exchange
or quoted on an over the counter market operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc., or its successor, the closing price of the Common Stock on
such exchange or market on the applicable date of valuation; and (ii) if (i) does not apply, the Fair Market Value shall be the value
thereof, as agreed upon by the Company and the Holder; provided, however, that if the Company and the Holder cannot agree on such value,
such value shall be determined by an independent valuation firm experienced in valuing businesses such as the Company and jointly selected
in good faith by the Company and the Holder. Fees and expenses of the valuation firm shall be paid for by the Company.

Initial
Exercise Date means the Issue Date.

National
Securities Exchange means the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock may be listed or quoted for trading
on the date in question: the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange
or the NYSE American, LLC.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Subscription
Agreement means, collectively, the Subscription Agreement between the Company and the purchasers signatory thereto relating
to the private placement offering of the Companys Units, each Unit consisting of one share of Common Stock, one A
Warrant and one B Warrant (each as defined therein), as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms.

Trading
Day means a day on which the Trading Market is open for business.

Trading
Market means the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in
question: the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE
American LLC, the OTCQB, the OTCQX or the OTC Pink (or any successor of the foregoing).

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a National Securities Exchange, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding
date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from
9:30 a.m. New York City time to 4:02 p.m. New York City time); (b) if prices for the Common Stock are reported on the OTC markets, including
the OTCQX, OTCQB and OTC Pink markets, or in the Pink Sheets published by Pink Sheets, LLC (or a similar organization or
agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported; or (c) in
all other cases, the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by
the Subscribers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses
of which shall be paid by the Company; provided that in each case where Bloomberg L.P. data is being relied upon, Holder shall provide
to the Company a copy of such information for the Company's records.

-2-

Section 2. Exercise.

(a) Exercise
of Warrant.

i. Exercise of the
purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date
and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company (or such other office or agency of the Company as it may designate by
notice in writing to the registered Holder at the address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company) of a duly executed notice
of exercise (Notice of Exercise) form attached hereto as Exhibit A; and, within two (2) Trading Days
of the date said Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company, the Company shall have received payment of the aggregate Exercise Price
of the shares thereby purchased by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank. Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all
of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant
to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial
exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the
effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant
Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such
purchases. In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, the records of the Company shall be controlling and determinative in the absence
of manifest error.

ii. If at any time
there is no effective registration statement registering, or no current prospectus available for, the resale of the Warrant Shares by
the Holder, then in lieu of the payment methods set forth in Section 2(a)(i) above, the Holder may elect to exchange all or some
of this Warrant for shares of Common Stock equal to the value of the amount of the Warrant being exchanged on the date of exchange. If
Holder elects to exchange this Warrant as provided in this Section 2(a)(ii), Holder shall tender to the Company the Warrant for
the amount being exchanged, along with written notice of Holders election to exchange some or all of the Warrant, and the Company
shall issue to Holder the number of shares of the Common Stock computed using the following formula:

X = Y (A-B)

A

Where: X = the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to Holder.

Y = the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable under the amount of the Warrant being exchanged (as adjusted to the date of such calculation).

A = the Fair Market Value of one share of the Common Stock on the date prior to the date that the notice of exercise is received by the Company.

B = Exercise Price (as adjusted to the date of such calculation).

-3-

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination
Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant to this Section 2(a)(ii).

(b) Exercise
Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall initially be $4.40, subject to adjustment as described
herein (the Exercise Price).

(c) Exercise
Limitations. The Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, if at
the time of such exercise the Common Stock is registered pursuant to section 12 of the Exchange Act, and to the extent that after giving
effect to such issuance after exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders affiliates, and any other person or entity acting
as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders affiliates), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of this Section, beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be
filed in accordance therewith. The Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such filings. In any case, the
number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the
Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the Common
Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder
may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(c), provided that any such increase shall not
be effective until 61 days after the Holder gives notice of such increase to the Company, and the provisions of this Section 2(c)
shall continue to apply, unless the Holder upon not less than 61 days prior notice to the Company determines to waive the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation requirements described in this Section 2(c) in its entirety. Any such increase will not be effective until the 61st
day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this
Warrant.

(d) Mechanics
of Exercise.

i. Delivery
of Certificates Upon Exercise. Certificates for shares purchased hereunder shall be transmitted by the Companys transfer agent
(the Transfer Agent) to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders prime broker with the Depository
Trust Company through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission (DWAC) system if the Company is then a participant
in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or
(B) the shares are eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant to Rule 144, and otherwise by physical delivery
of certificates to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise within two (2) Trading Days from the delivery to the
Company of the Notice of Exercise Form, surrender of this Warrant (if required) and payment of the aggregate Exercise Price as set forth
above (the Warrant Share Delivery Date). This Warrant shall be deemed to have been exercised on the date the
Exercise Price is received by the Company. The Warrant Shares shall be deemed to have been issued, and Holder or any other person so designated
to be named therein shall be deemed to have become a holder of record of such shares for all purposes, as of the date the Warrant has
been exercised by payment to the Company of the Exercise Price (except in the case of a cashless exercise pursuant to Section 2(a)(ii))
and all taxes required to be paid by the Holder, if any, pursuant to Section 2(d)(v) prior to the issuance of such shares, have been paid.

-4-

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the certificate or certificates representing Warrant Shares, deliver
to Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new
Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder a certificate or the certificates representing
the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such
exercise.

iv. Obligation
Absolute; Partial Liquidated Damages. The Companys obligations to issue and deliver the Warrant Shares upon exercise of this
Warrant in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction by the Holder to enforce
the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against any person or any action to
enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder or
any other person of any obligation to the Company or any violation or alleged violation of law by the Holder or any other person, and
irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Company to the Holder in connection with the
issuance of such Warrant Shares; provided, however, that such delivery shall not operate as a waiver by the Company of any such action
the Company may have against the Holder. The Company may not refuse exercise based on any claim that the Holder or anyone associated or
affiliated with the Holder has been engaged in any violation of law, agreement or for any other reason, unless an injunction from a court,
on notice to Holder, restraining and or enjoining exercise of all or part of this Warrant shall have been sought and obtained, and the
Company posts a surety bond for the benefit of the Holder in the amount of 130% of the Fair Market Value of the Warrant Shares issuable
upon exercise of this Warrant, which is subject to the injunction, which bond shall remain in effect until the completion of arbitration/litigation
of the underlying dispute and the proceeds of which shall be payable to the Holder to the extent it obtains judgment. In the absence of
such injunction, the Company shall issue Warrant Shares. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder such certificate
or certificates pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the third (3rd) Trading Day after the Conversion Date, the Company shall pay
to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Fair Market Value of Warrant Shares being exercised,
$10 per Trading Day for each Trading Day after such third (3rd) Trading Day until such certificates are delivered. Nothing
herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue actual damages or to exercise any other rights of the Holder for the Companys
failure to deliver Warrant Shares within the period specified herein and the Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available
to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief. The exercise
of any such rights shall not prohibit the Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under applicable
law.

-5-

v. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Certificates upon Conversion. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
on the Share Delivery Date the Common Stock is listed or quoted on a Trading Market, and the Company fails for any reason to deliver to
the Holder such certificate or certificates by the Share Delivery Date, and if after such Share Delivery Date the Holder is required by
its brokerage firm to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise), or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases,
shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder was entitled to receive
upon the exercise relating to such Share Delivery Date (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash
to the Holder (in addition to any other remedies available to or elected by the Holder), if any, the amount by which (x) the Holders
total purchase price (including any brokerage commissions) for the Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the aggregate
number of shares of Common Stock that the Holder was entitled to receive from the exercise at issue multiplied by (2) the actual per share
sale price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed (including any brokerage commissions) and (B)
at the option of the Holder, either reissue (if surrendered) this Warrant for a number of Warrant Shares equal to the number of Warrant
Shares of the attempted exercise (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares
of Common Stock that would have been issued if the Company had timely complied with its delivery requirements under Section 2(d)(i). For
example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted
exercise of this Warrant with respect to which the actual sale price of the Warrant Shares (including any brokerage commissions) giving
rise to such purchase obligation was a total of $10,000 under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence, the Company shall be required
to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect
of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right
to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance
and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver certificates representing shares of Common Stock
upon exercise of this Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

-6-

vi. No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

v. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of certificates for Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer
tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such certificate, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company,
and such certificates shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that in the event certificates for Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant
when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the assignment form (Assignment Form) attached hereto
as Exhibit B duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to
reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay any Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of
any Notice of Exercise and any fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions)
required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vi. Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its shareholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

Section 3. Certain
Adjustments.

(a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If, at any time after the Initial Exercise Date until the Termination Date, the Company: (i) pays a stock dividend
or otherwise make a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable
in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Warrant Shares issued by the Company upon exercise of
this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of
reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of
the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of
which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such
event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the number
of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of shareholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective
date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

-7-

(b) Subsequent
Equity Sales. If, at any time after the Initial Exercise Date while this Warrant is outstanding, the Company sells or grants any option
to purchase or sells or grants any right to reprice, or otherwise disposes of or issues (or announces any sale, grant or any option to
purchase or other disposition), any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents at an effective price per share that is lower than the then
Exercise Price (such issuances, collectively, a Dilutive Issuance) (if the holder of the Common Stock or Common
Stock Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments, reset provisions, floating conversion,
exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which are issued in connection with such issuance,
be entitled to receive shares of common stock at an effective price per share that is lower than the Exercise Price, such issuance shall
be deemed to have occurred for less than the Exercise Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance), then immediately upon such issuance
or sale (or deemed issuance or sale) the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such issuance or sale (or deemed issuance or sale)
shall be reduced (and in no event increased) to an Exercise Price equal to the quotient obtained by dividing:

(A) the sum of (1)
the product obtained by multiplying the Common Stock Deemed Outstanding immediately prior to such issuance or sale (or deemed issuance
or sale) by the Exercise Price then in effect plus (2) the aggregate consideration, if any, received by the Company upon such issuance
or sale (or deemed issuance or sale); by

(B) the sum of (1)
the Common Stock Deemed Outstanding immediately prior to such issuance or sale (or deemed issuance or sale) plus (2) the aggregate number
of shares of Common Stock issued or sold (or deemed issued or sold) by the Company in such issuance or sale (or deemed issuance or sale).

Common
Stock Deemed Outstanding means, at any given time, the sum of (a) the number of shares of Common Stock actually outstanding
at such time, plus (b) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of any warrants or other rights or options to subscribe
for or purchase Common Stock and conversion or exchange of any securities (directly or indirectly) convertible into or exchangeable for
Common Stock, in each case actually outstanding at such time (treating as actually outstanding any such warrants, rights, options or other
securities issuable upon exercise of other such securities actually outstanding at such time), in each case, regardless of whether such
securities are actually exercisable, convertible or exchangeable at such time; provided, that Common Stock Deemed Outstanding at any given
time shall not include shares owned or held by or for the account of the Company or any of its wholly-owned subsidiaries.

-8-

Such adjustment shall
be made whenever such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no adjustment will be made under
this Section 3(b) in respect of an Exempt Issuance (as defined below).

The Company shall
notify the Holder in writing, no later than one (1) Business Day following the issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
subject to this Section 3(b), indicating therein the applicable issuance price, or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion
price and other pricing terms (such notice, the Dilutive Issuance Notice). For purposes of clarification,
whether or not the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 3(b), upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance,
the Holder is entitled to receive a number of Conversion Shares based upon the new Conversion Price provided above on or after the date
of such Dilutive Issuance, regardless of whether the Holder accurately refers to the new Conversion Price in the Notice of Conversion.

Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock, restricted stock units or options, and the underlying shares
of Common Stock to consultants, employees, officers or directors of the Company pursuant to any stock or option plan duly adopted for
such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee
directors established for such purpose for services rendered to the Company, (b) securities issued upon the exercise or exchange of or
conversion of any securities issued hereunder and/or other securities issuable pursuant to existing agreements, exercisable or exchangeable
for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Warrant, provided that such securities have
not been amended since the date of this Warrant to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange
price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock dividends, stock splits or combinations) or to extend
the term of such securities, (c) securities issued pursuant, acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the directors
of the Company, provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equity holders of a Person) which is, itself or through
its Subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and which shall
reasonably be expected to provide to the Company additional benefits, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing
securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities, (d) securities
issued pursuant to any purchase money equipment loan or capital leasing arrangement, purchasing agent or debt financing from a commercial
bank or similar financial institution, (e) securities issued pursuant to any presently outstanding warrants disclosed in the Subscription
Agreement or this Warrant, and (f) securities upon a stock split, stock dividend or subdivision of the Common Stock and shares of common
stock in a public offering.

-9-

(c) Pro
Rata Distributions. If, at any time after the Initial Exercise Date until the Termination Date, the Company shall distribute to all
holders of Common Stock (and not to the Holder) evidences of its indebtedness or assets (including cash and cash dividends) or rights
or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any security other than the Common Stock, then in each such case the Exercise Price shall be
adjusted by multiplying the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to the record date fixed for determination of stockholders entitled
to receive such distribution by a fraction of which the denominator shall be the VWAP determined as of the record date mentioned above,
and of which the numerator shall be such VWAP on such record date less than the per share Fair Market Value at such record date of the
portion of such assets or evidence of indebtedness or rights or warrants so distributed applicable to one outstanding share of the Common
Stock as determined by the Board of Directors in good faith. In either case the adjustments shall be described in a statement provided
to the Holder of the portion of assets or evidences of indebtedness so distributed or such subscription rights applicable to one share
of Common Stock. Such adjustment shall be made whenever any such distribution is made and shall become effective immediately after the
record date mentioned above.

(d) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time prior to the Termination Date, (i) the Company effects any merger or consolidation of the Company into
another Person, (ii) the Company effects any sale of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions,
(iii) any tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock
are permitted to tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property or (iv) the Company effects any reclassification
of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for
other securities, cash or property (each Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this
Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately
prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation
or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration)
receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable
immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction. For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be
appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of
one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration
in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common
Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be
given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction.
To the extent necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any successor to the Company or surviving entity in such Fundamental Transaction
shall issue to the Holder a new warrant consistent with the foregoing provisions and evidencing the Holders right to exercise such
warrant into Alternate Consideration. The terms of any agreement pursuant to which a Fundamental Transaction is effected shall include
terms requiring any such successor or surviving entity to comply with the provisions of this Section 3(c) and insuring that this Warrant
(or any such replacement security) will be similarly adjusted upon any subsequent transaction analogous to a Fundamental Transaction.

-10-

(e) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to this Section 3, if at any time prior to the Termination Date the Company
grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to all
of the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be
entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired
if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations
on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is
taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders
of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent
that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such
shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance
for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation.

(f) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the
number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

(g) Notice
to Holder.

i. Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
mail to the Holder a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring
such adjustment.

ii. Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common
Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall
authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock
of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any shareholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification
of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of
the assets of the Company, of any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property,
or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company,
then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be mailed to the Holder at its last address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register
of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x)
the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record
is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption,
rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share
exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record
shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to mail such notice or any defect therein or in the
mailing thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. The Holder is entitled
to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice.

-11-

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) herein and to the provisions of
the Subscription Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable,
in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with an Assignment
Form duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such
transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name
of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and
shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled.
The Warrant, if properly assigned, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New
Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or
its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance
with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Initial Exercise Date and shall be identical with this
Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

-12-

d) Transfer
Restrictions. Prior to and as a condition to the sale or transfer of the Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant, the
holder shall furnish to the Company such certificates, representations, agreements and other information, including an opinion of counsel,
as the Company or the Companys transfer agent reasonably may require to confirm that such sale or transfer is being made pursuant
to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act, unless such Warrant Shares
are being sold or transferred pursuant to an effective registration statement. 

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

a) No
Rights as Shareholder Until Exercise. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights or other rights as a shareholder
of the Company prior to the exercise hereof.

b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Business Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

d) Authorized
Shares.

The Company covenants
that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock one hundred (100%) of
the number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. In
case such amount of Common Stock is insufficient at any time, the Company shall call and hold a special meeting to increase the number
of authorized shares of common stock. Management of the Company shall recommend to shareholders to vote in favor of increasing the number
of authorized shares of common stock.

-13-

The Company further
covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of executing
stock certificates to execute and issue the necessary certificates for the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under
this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as
provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the National Securities Exchange upon
which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase
rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof
(other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to
the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate
of incorporation, as amended, or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of
securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but
will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking
any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise
Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public
regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Jurisdiction.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed by and construed
and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof.
Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated
by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members,
employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York or the Supreme
Court of the State of New York, and the appellate courts therefrom, in each case sitting in New York County, New York. Each party hereby
irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing
a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect
for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof.
Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If either
party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant, the prevailing party in such action, suit
or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred
with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this paragraph
shall limit or restrict the federal district court in which a Holder may bring a claim under the federal securities laws.

-14-

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, will have restrictions
upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice Holders rights, powers or remedies, notwithstanding the fact that all rights hereunder
terminate on the Termination Date. If the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results
in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses
including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by Holder in collecting
any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h) Notices.
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be to the address
for the Holder in the Warrant Register.

i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of Holder, shall give rise to any liability of Holder for the purchase price
of any Common Stock or as a shareholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions of this
Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of all Holders from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by the Holder or
holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

[Signature Page Follows.]

-15-

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

Adaptin BIO, INC. 

By: 

Name: Michael J. Roberts 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO ADAPTIN BIO, INC. WARRANT]

EXHIBIT A

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: ADAPTIN BIO, INC.

(1) The
undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant and

tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any; or

elects to purchase the number of Warrant Shares stated above pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in Section 2(a) of
the Warrant

(2) Please
issue a certificate or certificates representing said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified
below:

_______________________________ 

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number or by physical delivery of a certificate to:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

(3) Accredited Investor.
The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: ________________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: _________________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________

Date: _______________________________________________________________

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing warrant, execute

this form and supply required information.

Do not use this form to exercise the warrant.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, [____] all of or [_______] shares
of the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

_______________________________________________ whose address is

____________________________________________________________.

_______________________________________________________________

Dated: ______________, _______

Holders Signature: _____________________________

Holders Address: _____________________________

_____________________________

Signature Guaranteed: ___________________________________________

NOTE: The signature to this Assignment Form must correspond with the
name as it appears on the face of the Warrant, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever, and must be guaranteed by a
bank or trust company. Officers of corporations and those acting in a fiduciary or other representative capacity should file proper evidence
of authority to assign the foregoing Warrant.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.4
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ea023016901ex4-4_adaptin.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF COMMON A WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.4

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH
THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE
IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT). THESE
SECURITIES MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED ONLY (A) TO THE COMPANY, (B) IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT, IF AVAILABLE, AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, (C) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT, OR (D)
IN A TRANSACTION THAT DOES NOT REQUIRE REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND THE HOLDER HAS,
PRIOR TO SUCH SALE, FURNISHED TO THE COMPANY AN OPINION OF COUNSEL OR OTHER EVIDENCE OF EXEMPTION, IN EITHER CASE REASONABLY SATISFACTORY
TO THE COMPANY. HEDGING TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THESE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT.

FORM OF COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT 

ADAPTIN
BIO, INC.

Warrant No. 2025-A-___ Issue Date: _______ __, 2025

THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant)
certifies that, for value received, __________________________________________________ (the Holder) is entitled,
upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the Initial
Exercise Date (as defined below) and on or prior to the close of business on the first (1st) anniversary of the final Closing
of the Offering (the Initial Termination Date), provided that if on the Initial Termination Date or any Extended
Termination Date (as defined below) the Common Stock is not admitted for trading or listed on an Approved Market, then the term of exercise
of this Warrant shall be extended or further extended to the date that is six (6) months after such Initial Termination Date or Extended
Termination Date, as the case may be (each such six- (6-) month extension date an Extended Termination Date,
and the latest to occur of the Initial Termination Date or the last Extended Termination Date the Termination Date)
but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Adaptin Bio, Inc. (formerly known as Unite Acquisition 1 Corp.), a Delaware
corporation (the Company), up to _______________________________________ (__________) shares of Common Stock
(the Warrant Shares). The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to
the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions.
For the purposes hereof, in addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, (a) capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein
shall have the meanings set forth in the Subscription Agreement and (b) the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Approved
Market means any of the OTCQB or OTCQX market of OTC Markets Group, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market,
the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American (or, in each case, a successor over-the-counter trading
market or national securities exchange thereto).

Business
Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which shall be a federal legal holiday in the United States
or any day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Fair
Market Value of one share of Common Stock as of a particular date shall mean: (i) if traded on a National Securities Exchange
or quoted on an over the counter market operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc., or its successor, the closing price of the Common Stock on
such exchange or market on the applicable date of valuation; and (ii) if (i) does not apply, the Fair Market Value shall be the value
thereof, as agreed upon by the Company and the Holder; provided, however, that if the Company and the Holder cannot agree on such value,
such value shall be determined by an independent valuation firm experienced in valuing businesses such as the Company and jointly selected
in good faith by the Company and the Holder. Fees and expenses of the valuation firm shall be paid for by the Company.

Initial
Exercise Date means the Issue Date.

National
Securities Exchange means the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock may be listed or quoted for trading
on the date in question: the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange
or the NYSE American, LLC.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Subscription
Agreement means, collectively, the Subscription Agreement, dated as of [EXECUTION DATE] between the Company and
the original Holder, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms.

Trading
Day means a day on which the Trading Market is open for business.

Trading
Market means the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in
question: the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE
American LLC, the OTCQB, the OTCQX or the OTC Pink (or any successor of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents shall have the meaning set forth in the Subscription Agreement.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a National Securities Exchange, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding
date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from
9:30 a.m. New York City time to 4:02 p.m. New York City time); (b) if prices for the Common Stock are reported on the OTC markets, including
the OTCQX, OTCQB and OTC Pink markets, or in the Pink Sheets published by Pink Sheets, LLC (or a similar organization or
agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported; or (c) in
all other cases, the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by
the Subscribers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses
of which shall be paid by the Company; provided that in each case where Bloomberg L.P. data is being relied upon, Holder shall provide
to the Company a copy of such information for the Company's records.

-2-

Section 2. Exercise.

(a) Exercise
of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on
or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company (or such other office or agency of
the Company as it may designate by notice in writing to the registered Holder at the address of the Holder appearing on the books of the
Company) of a duly executed notice of exercise (Notice of Exercise) form attached hereto as Exhibit A;
and, within two (2) Trading Days of the date said Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company, the Company shall have received payment
of the aggregate Exercise Price of the shares thereby purchased by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company
until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case,
the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date the final Notice of
Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant
Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount
equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant
Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, the records of the Company shall be controlling
and determinative in the absence of manifest error.

(b) Exercise
Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall initially be $4.40, subject to adjustment as described
herein (the Exercise Price).

(c) Exercise
Limitations. The Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, if at
the time of such exercise the Common Stock is registered pursuant to section 12 of the Exchange Act, and to the extent that after giving
effect to such issuance after exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders affiliates, and any other person or entity acting
as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders affiliates), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of this Section, beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be
filed in accordance therewith. The Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such filings. In any case, the
number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the
Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the Common
Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder
may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(c), provided that any such increase shall not
be effective until 61 days after the Holder gives notice of such increase to the Company, and the provisions of this Section 2(c)
shall continue to apply, unless the Holder upon not less than 61 days prior notice to the Company determines to waive the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation requirements described in this Section 2(c) in its entirety. Any such increase will not be effective until the 61st
day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this
Warrant.

-3-

(d) Mechanics
of Exercise.

i. Delivery
of Certificates Upon Exercise. Certificates for shares purchased hereunder shall be transmitted by the Companys transfer agent
(the Transfer Agent) to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders prime broker with the Depository
Trust Company through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission (DWAC) system if the Company is then a participant
in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or
(B) the shares are eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant to Rule 144, and otherwise by physical delivery
of certificates to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise within two (2) Trading Days from the delivery to the
Company of the Notice of Exercise Form, surrender of this Warrant (if required) and payment of the aggregate Exercise Price as set forth
above (the Warrant Share Delivery Date). This Warrant shall be deemed to have been exercised on the date the
Exercise Price is received by the Company. The Warrant Shares shall be deemed to have been issued, and Holder or any other person so designated
to be named therein shall be deemed to have become a holder of record of such shares for all purposes, as of the date the Warrant has
been exercised by payment to the Company of the Exercise Price and all taxes required to be paid by the Holder, if any, pursuant to Section
2(d)(v) prior to the issuance of such shares, have been paid.

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the certificate or certificates representing Warrant Shares, deliver
to Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new
Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

-4-

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder a certificate or the certificates representing
the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such
exercise.

iv. Obligation
Absolute; Partial Liquidated Damages. The Companys obligations to issue and deliver the Warrant Shares upon exercise of this
Warrant in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction by the Holder to enforce
the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against any person or any action to
enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder or
any other person of any obligation to the Company or any violation or alleged violation of law by the Holder or any other person, and
irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Company to the Holder in connection with the
issuance of such Warrant Shares; provided, however, that such delivery shall not operate as a waiver by the Company of any such action
the Company may have against the Holder. The Company may not refuse exercise based on any claim that the Holder or anyone associated or
affiliated with the Holder has been engaged in any violation of law, agreement or for any other reason, unless an injunction from a court,
on notice to Holder, restraining and or enjoining exercise of all or part of this Warrant shall have been sought and obtained, and the
Company posts a surety bond for the benefit of the Holder in the amount of 130% of the Fair Market Value of the Warrant Shares issuable
upon exercise of this Warrant, which is subject to the injunction, which bond shall remain in effect until the completion of arbitration/litigation
of the underlying dispute and the proceeds of which shall be payable to the Holder to the extent it obtains judgment. In the absence of
such injunction, the Company shall issue Warrant Shares. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder such certificate
or certificates pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the third (3rd) Trading Day after the Conversion Date, the Company shall pay
to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Fair Market Value of Warrant Shares being exercised,
$10 per Trading Day for each Trading Day after such third (3rd) Trading Day until such certificates are delivered. Nothing
herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue actual damages or to exercise any other rights of the Holder for the Companys
failure to deliver Warrant Shares within the period specified herein and the Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available
to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief. The exercise
of any such rights shall not prohibit the Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under applicable
law.

-5-

v. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Certificates upon Conversion. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
on the Share Delivery Date the Common Stock is listed or quoted on a Trading Market, and the Company fails for any reason to deliver to
the Holder such certificate or certificates by the Share Delivery Date, and if after such Share Delivery Date the Holder is required by
its brokerage firm to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise), or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases,
shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder was entitled to receive
upon the exercise relating to such Share Delivery Date (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash
to the Holder (in addition to any other remedies available to or elected by the Holder), if any, the amount by which (x) the Holders
total purchase price (including any brokerage commissions) for the Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the aggregate
number of shares of Common Stock that the Holder was entitled to receive from the exercise at issue multiplied by (2) the actual per share
sale price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed (including any brokerage commissions) and (B)
at the option of the Holder, either reissue (if surrendered) this Warrant for a number of Warrant Shares equal to the number of Warrant
Shares of the attempted exercise (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares
of Common Stock that would have been issued if the Company had timely complied with its delivery requirements under Section 2(d)(i). For
example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted
exercise of this Warrant with respect to which the actual sale price of the Warrant Shares (including any brokerage commissions) giving
rise to such purchase obligation was a total of $10,000 under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence, the Company shall be required
to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect
of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right
to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance
and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver certificates representing shares of Common Stock
upon exercise of this Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

vi. No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

v. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of certificates for Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer
tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such certificate, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company,
and such certificates shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that in the event certificates for Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant
when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the assignment form (Assignment Form) attached hereto
as Exhibit B duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to
reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay any Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of
any Notice of Exercise and any fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions)
required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

-6-

vi. Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its shareholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

Section 3. Certain
Adjustments.

(a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If, at any time after the Initial Exercise Date until the Termination Date, the Company: (i) pays a stock dividend
or otherwise make a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable
in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Warrant Shares issued by the Company upon exercise of
this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of
reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of
the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of
which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such
event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the number
of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of shareholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective
date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

(b) Subsequent
Equity Sales. If, at any time after the Initial Exercise Date while this Warrant is outstanding, the Company sells or grants any option
to purchase or sells or grants any right to reprice, or otherwise disposes of or issues (or announces any sale, grant or any option to
purchase or other disposition), any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents at an effective price per share that is lower than the then
Exercise Price (such issuances, collectively, a Dilutive Issuance) (if the holder of the Common Stock or Common
Stock Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments, reset provisions, floating conversion,
exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which are issued in connection with such issuance,
be entitled to receive shares of common stock at an effective price per share that is lower than the Exercise Price, such issuance shall
be deemed to have occurred for less than the Exercise Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance), then immediately upon such issuance
or sale (or deemed issuance or sale) the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such issuance or sale (or deemed issuance or sale)
shall be reduced (and in no event increased) to an Exercise Price equal to the quotient obtained by dividing:

(A) the sum of (1)
the product obtained by multiplying the Common Stock Deemed Outstanding immediately prior to such issuance or sale (or deemed issuance
or sale) by the Exercise Price then in effect plus (2) the aggregate consideration, if any, received by the Company upon such issuance
or sale (or deemed issuance or sale); by

-7-

(B) the sum of (1)
the Common Stock Deemed Outstanding immediately prior to such issuance or sale (or deemed issuance or sale) plus (2) the aggregate number
of shares of Common Stock issued or sold (or deemed issued or sold) by the Company in such issuance or sale (or deemed issuance or sale).

Common
Stock Deemed Outstanding means, at any given time, the sum of (a) the number of shares of Common Stock actually outstanding
at such time, plus (b) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of any warrants or other rights or options to subscribe
for or purchase Common Stock and conversion or exchange of any securities (directly or indirectly) convertible into or exchangeable for
Common Stock, in each case actually outstanding at such time (treating as actually outstanding any such warrants, rights, options or other
securities issuable upon exercise of other such securities actually outstanding at such time), in each case, regardless of whether such
securities are actually exercisable, convertible or exchangeable at such time; provided, that Common Stock Deemed Outstanding at any given
time shall not include shares owned or held by or for the account of the Company or any of its wholly-owned subsidiaries.

Such adjustment shall
be made whenever such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no adjustment will be made under
this Section 3(b) in respect of an Exempt Issuance (as defined below).

The Company shall
notify the Holder in writing, no later than one (1) Business Day following the issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
subject to this Section 3(b), indicating therein the applicable issuance price, or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion
price and other pricing terms (such notice, the Dilutive Issuance Notice). For purposes of clarification,
whether or not the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 3(b), upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance,
the Holder is entitled to receive a number of Conversion Shares based upon the new Conversion Price provided above on or after the date
of such Dilutive Issuance, regardless of whether the Holder accurately refers to the new Conversion Price in the Notice of Conversion.

-8-

Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock, restricted stock units or options, and the underlying shares
of Common Stock to consultants, employees, officers or directors of the Company pursuant to any stock or option plan duly adopted for
such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee
directors established for such purpose for services rendered to the Company, (b) securities issued upon the exercise or exchange of or
conversion of any securities issued hereunder and/or other securities issuable pursuant to existing agreements, exercisable or exchangeable
for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Warrant and disclosed in the Subscription Agreement,
provided that such securities have not been amended since the date of this Warrant to increase the number of such securities or to decrease
the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock dividends, stock splits
or combinations) or to extend the term of such securities, (c) securities issued pursuant, acquisitions or strategic transactions approved
by a majority of the directors of the Company, provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equity holders of
a Person) which is, itself or through its Subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the
business of the Company and which shall reasonably be expected to provide to the Company additional benefits, but shall not include a
transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business
is investing in securities, (d) securities issued pursuant to any purchase money equipment loan or capital leasing arrangement, purchasing
agent or debt financing from a commercial bank or similar financial institution, (e) securities issued pursuant to any presently outstanding
warrants disclosed in the Subscription Agreement or this Warrant, and (f) securities upon a stock split, stock dividend or subdivision
of the Common Stock and shares of common stock in a public offering.

(c) Pro
Rata Distributions. If, at any time after the Initial Exercise Date until the Termination Date, the Company shall distribute to all
holders of Common Stock (and not to the Holder) evidences of its indebtedness or assets (including cash and cash dividends) or rights
or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any security other than the Common Stock, then in each such case the Exercise Price shall be
adjusted by multiplying the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to the record date fixed for determination of stockholders entitled
to receive such distribution by a fraction of which the denominator shall be the VWAP determined as of the record date mentioned above,
and of which the numerator shall be such VWAP on such record date less than the per share Fair Market Value at such record date of the
portion of such assets or evidence of indebtedness or rights or warrants so distributed applicable to one outstanding share of the Common
Stock as determined by the Board of Directors in good faith. In either case the adjustments shall be described in a statement provided
to the Holder of the portion of assets or evidences of indebtedness so distributed or such subscription rights applicable to one share
of Common Stock. Such adjustment shall be made whenever any such distribution is made and shall become effective immediately after the
record date mentioned above.

-9-

(d) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time prior to the Termination Date, (i) the Company effects any merger or consolidation of the Company into
another Person, (ii) the Company effects any sale of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions,
(iii) any tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock
are permitted to tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property or (iv) the Company effects any reclassification
of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for
other securities, cash or property (each Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this
Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately
prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation
or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration)
receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable
immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction. For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be
appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of
one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration
in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common
Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be
given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction.
To the extent necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any successor to the Company or surviving entity in such Fundamental Transaction
shall issue to the Holder a new warrant consistent with the foregoing provisions and evidencing the Holders right to exercise such
warrant into Alternate Consideration. The terms of any agreement pursuant to which a Fundamental Transaction is effected shall include
terms requiring any such successor or surviving entity to comply with the provisions of this Section 3(c) and insuring that this Warrant
(or any such replacement security) will be similarly adjusted upon any subsequent transaction analogous to a Fundamental Transaction.

(e) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to this Section 3, if at any time prior to the Termination Date the Company
grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to all
of the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be
entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired
if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations
on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is
taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders
of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent
that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such
shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance
for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation.

-10-

(f) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the
number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

(g) Notice
to Holder.

i. Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
mail to the Holder a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring
such adjustment.

ii. Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common
Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall
authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock
of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any shareholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification
of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of
the assets of the Company, of any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property,
or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company,
then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be mailed to the Holder at its last address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register
of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x)
the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record
is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption,
rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share
exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record
shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to mail such notice or any defect therein or in the
mailing thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. The Holder is entitled
to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice.

-11-

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) herein and to the provisions of
the Subscription Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable,
in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with an Assignment
Form duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such
transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name
of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and
shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled.
The Warrant, if properly assigned, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New
Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or
its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance
with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Initial Exercise Date and shall be identical with this
Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d) Transfer
Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer of this
Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under applicable
state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions pursuant to Rule 144, the
Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or transferee of this Warrant, as the case may be, comply
with the provisions of the Subscription Agreement.

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

a) No
Rights as Shareholder Until Exercise. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights or other rights as a shareholder
of the Company prior to the exercise hereof.

b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

-12-

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Business Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

d) Authorized
Shares.

The Company covenants
that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock one hundred (100%) of
the number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. In
case such amount of Common Stock is insufficient at any time, the Company shall call and hold a special meeting to increase the number
of authorized shares of common stock. Management of the Company shall recommend to shareholders to vote in favor of increasing the number
of authorized shares of common stock.

The Company further
covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of executing
stock certificates to execute and issue the necessary certificates for the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under
this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as
provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the National Securities Exchange upon
which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase
rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof
(other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to
the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate
of incorporation, as amended, or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of
securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but
will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

-13-

Before taking
any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise
Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public
regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Jurisdiction.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance
with the provisions of the Subscription Agreement.

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, will have restrictions
upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice Holders rights, powers or remedies, notwithstanding the fact that all rights hereunder
terminate on the Termination Date. If the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results
in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses
including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by Holder in collecting
any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h) Notices.
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered in
accordance with the notice provisions of the Subscription Agreement.

i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of Holder, shall give rise to any liability of Holder for the purchase price
of any Common Stock or as a shareholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions of this
Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of all Holders from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by the Holder or
holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

[Signature Page Follows.]

-14-

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

Adaptin BIO, INC. 

By: 

Name: Michael J. Roberts 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO ADAPTIN BIO, INC. WARRANT]

EXHIBIT A

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: ADAPTIN BIO, INC.

(1) The
undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant and tenders
herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Please
issue a certificate or certificates representing said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified
below:

_______________________________ 

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number or by physical delivery of a certificate to:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

(3) Accredited Investor.
The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: ________________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: _________________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________

Date: _______________________________________________________________

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing warrant, execute

this form and supply required information.

Do not use this form to exercise the warrant.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, [____] all of or [_______] shares
of the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

_______________________________________________ whose address is

____________________________________________________________.

_______________________________________________________________

Dated: ______________, _______

Holders Signature: _____________________________

Holders Address: _____________________________

_____________________________

Signature Guaranteed: ___________________________________________

NOTE: The signature to this Assignment Form must correspond with the
name as it appears on the face of the Warrant, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever, and must be guaranteed by a
bank or trust company. Officers of corporations and those acting in a fiduciary or other representative capacity should file proper evidence
of authority to assign the foregoing Warrant.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.5
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ea023016901ex4-5_adaptin.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF COMMON B WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.5

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH
THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE
IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT). THESE
SECURITIES MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED ONLY (A) TO THE COMPANY, (B) IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT, IF AVAILABLE, AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, (C) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT, OR (D)
IN A TRANSACTION THAT DOES NOT REQUIRE REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND THE HOLDER HAS,
PRIOR TO SUCH SALE, FURNISHED TO THE COMPANY AN OPINION OF COUNSEL OR OTHER EVIDENCE OF EXEMPTION, IN EITHER CASE REASONABLY SATISFACTORY
TO THE COMPANY. HEDGING TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THESE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT.

FORM OF COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT 

ADAPTIN
BIO, INC.

Warrant No. 2025-B-___ Issue Date: _______ __, 2025

THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant)
certifies that, for value received, __________________________________________________ (the Holder) is entitled,
upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the Initial
Exercise Date (as defined below) and on or prior to the close of business on the fifth (5th) anniversary of the final Closing
of the Offering (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Adaptin Bio,
Inc. (formerly known as Unite Acquisition 1 Corp.), a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to _______________________________________
(__________) shares of Common Stock (the Warrant Shares). The purchase price of one share of Common Stock
under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions.
For the purposes hereof, in addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, (a) capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein
shall have the meanings set forth in the Subscription Agreement and (b) the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Business
Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which shall be a federal legal holiday in the United States
or any day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Fair
Market Value of one share of Common Stock as of a particular date shall mean: (i) if traded on a National Securities Exchange
or quoted on an over the counter market operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc., or its successor, the closing price of the Common Stock on
such exchange or market on the applicable date of valuation; and (ii) if (i) does not apply, the Fair Market Value shall be the value
thereof, as agreed upon by the Company and the Holder; provided, however, that if the Company and the Holder cannot agree on such value,
such value shall be determined by an independent valuation firm experienced in valuing businesses such as the Company and jointly selected
in good faith by the Company and the Holder. Fees and expenses of the valuation firm shall be paid for by the Company.

Initial
Exercise Date means the Issue Date.

National
Securities Exchange means the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock may be listed or quoted for trading
on the date in question: the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange
or the NYSE American, LLC.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Subscription
Agreement means, collectively, the Subscription Agreement, dated as of [EXECUTION DATE] between the Company and
the original Holder, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms.

Trading
Day means a day on which the Trading Market is open for business.

Trading
Market means the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in
question: the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE
American LLC, the OTCQB, the OTCQX or the OTC Pink (or any successor of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents shall have the meaning set forth in the Subscription Agreement.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a National Securities Exchange, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding
date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from
9:30 a.m. New York City time to 4:02 p.m. New York City time); (b) if prices for the Common Stock are reported on the OTC markets, including
the OTCQX, OTCQB and OTC Pink markets, or in the Pink Sheets published by Pink Sheets, LLC (or a similar organization or
agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported; or (c) in
all other cases, the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by
the Subscribers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses
of which shall be paid by the Company; provided that in each case where Bloomberg L.P. data is being relied upon, Holder shall provide
to the Company a copy of such information for the Company's records.

-2-

Section 2. Exercise.

(a) Exercise
of Warrant.

i. Exercise of the
purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date
and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company (or such other office or agency of the Company as it may designate by
notice in writing to the registered Holder at the address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company) of a duly executed notice
of exercise (Notice of Exercise) form attached hereto as Exhibit A; and, within two (2) Trading Days
of the date said Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company, the Company shall have received payment of the aggregate Exercise Price
of the shares thereby purchased by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank. Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all
of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant
to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial
exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the
effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant
Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such
purchases. In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, the records of the Company shall be controlling and determinative in the absence
of manifest error.

ii. If at any time
there is no effective registration statement registering, or no current prospectus available for, the resale of the Warrant Shares by
the Holder, then in lieu of the payment methods set forth in Section 2(a)(i) above, the Holder may elect to exchange all or some
of this Warrant for shares of Common Stock equal to the value of the amount of the Warrant being exchanged on the date of exchange. If
Holder elects to exchange this Warrant as provided in this Section 2(a)(ii), Holder shall tender to the Company the Warrant for
the amount being exchanged, along with written notice of Holders election to exchange some or all of the Warrant, and the Company
shall issue to Holder the number of shares of the Common Stock computed using the following formula:

X = Y (A-B)

A

Where: X = the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to Holder.

Y = the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable under the amount of the Warrant being exchanged (as adjusted to the date of such calculation).

A = the Fair Market Value of one share of the Common Stock on the date prior to the date that the notice of exercise is received by the Company.

B = Exercise Price (as adjusted to the date of such calculation).

-3-

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination
Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant to this Section 2(a)(ii).

(b) Exercise
Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall initially be $6.60, subject to adjustment as described
herein (the Exercise Price).

(c) Exercise
Limitations. The Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, if at
the time of such exercise the Common Stock is registered pursuant to section 12 of the Exchange Act, and to the extent that after giving
effect to such issuance after exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders affiliates, and any other person or entity acting
as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders affiliates), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of this Section, beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be
filed in accordance therewith. The Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such filings. In any case, the
number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the
Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the Common
Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder
may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(c), provided that any such increase shall not
be effective until 61 days after the Holder gives notice of such increase to the Company, and the provisions of this Section 2(c)
shall continue to apply, unless the Holder upon not less than 61 days prior notice to the Company determines to waive the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation requirements described in this Section 2(c) in its entirety. Any such increase will not be effective until the 61st
day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this
Warrant.

-4-

(d) Mechanics
of Exercise.

i. Delivery
of Certificates Upon Exercise. Certificates for shares purchased hereunder shall be transmitted by the Companys transfer agent
(the Transfer Agent) to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders prime broker with the Depository
Trust Company through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission (DWAC) system if the Company is then a participant
in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or
(B) the shares are eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant to Rule 144, and otherwise by physical delivery
of certificates to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise within two (2) Trading Days from the delivery to the
Company of the Notice of Exercise Form, surrender of this Warrant (if required) and payment of the aggregate Exercise Price as set forth
above (the Warrant Share Delivery Date). This Warrant shall be deemed to have been exercised on the date the
Exercise Price is received by the Company. The Warrant Shares shall be deemed to have been issued, and Holder or any other person so designated
to be named therein shall be deemed to have become a holder of record of such shares for all purposes, as of the date the Warrant has
been exercised by payment to the Company of the Exercise Price (except in the case of a cashless exercise pursuant to Section 2(a)(ii))
and all taxes required to be paid by the Holder, if any, pursuant to Section 2(d)(v) prior to the issuance of such shares, have been paid.

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the certificate or certificates representing Warrant Shares, deliver
to Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new
Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder a certificate or the certificates representing
the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such
exercise.

-5-

iv. Obligation
Absolute; Partial Liquidated Damages. The Companys obligations to issue and deliver the Warrant Shares upon exercise of this
Warrant in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction by the Holder to enforce
the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against any person or any action to
enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder or
any other person of any obligation to the Company or any violation or alleged violation of law by the Holder or any other person, and
irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Company to the Holder in connection with the
issuance of such Warrant Shares; provided, however, that such delivery shall not operate as a waiver by the Company of any such action
the Company may have against the Holder. The Company may not refuse exercise based on any claim that the Holder or anyone associated or
affiliated with the Holder has been engaged in any violation of law, agreement or for any other reason, unless an injunction from a court,
on notice to Holder, restraining and or enjoining exercise of all or part of this Warrant shall have been sought and obtained, and the
Company posts a surety bond for the benefit of the Holder in the amount of 130% of the Fair Market Value of the Warrant Shares issuable
upon exercise of this Warrant, which is subject to the injunction, which bond shall remain in effect until the completion of arbitration/litigation
of the underlying dispute and the proceeds of which shall be payable to the Holder to the extent it obtains judgment. In the absence of
such injunction, the Company shall issue Warrant Shares. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder such certificate
or certificates pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the third (3rd) Trading Day after the Conversion Date, the Company shall pay
to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Fair Market Value of Warrant Shares being exercised,
$10 per Trading Day for each Trading Day after such third (3rd) Trading Day until such certificates are delivered. Nothing
herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue actual damages or to exercise any other rights of the Holder for the Companys
failure to deliver Warrant Shares within the period specified herein and the Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available
to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief. The exercise
of any such rights shall not prohibit the Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under applicable
law.

v. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Certificates upon Conversion. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
on the Share Delivery Date the Common Stock is listed or quoted on a Trading Market, and the Company fails for any reason to deliver to
the Holder such certificate or certificates by the Share Delivery Date, and if after such Share Delivery Date the Holder is required by
its brokerage firm to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise), or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases,
shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder was entitled to receive
upon the exercise relating to such Share Delivery Date (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash
to the Holder (in addition to any other remedies available to or elected by the Holder), if any, the amount by which (x) the Holders
total purchase price (including any brokerage commissions) for the Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the aggregate
number of shares of Common Stock that the Holder was entitled to receive from the exercise at issue multiplied by (2) the actual per share
sale price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed (including any brokerage commissions) and (B)
at the option of the Holder, either reissue (if surrendered) this Warrant for a number of Warrant Shares equal to the number of Warrant
Shares of the attempted exercise (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares
of Common Stock that would have been issued if the Company had timely complied with its delivery requirements under Section 2(d)(i). For
example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted
exercise of this Warrant with respect to which the actual sale price of the Warrant Shares (including any brokerage commissions) giving
rise to such purchase obligation was a total of $10,000 under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence, the Company shall be required
to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect
of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right
to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance
and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver certificates representing shares of Common Stock
upon exercise of this Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

-6-

vi. No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

v. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of certificates for Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer
tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such certificate, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company,
and such certificates shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that in the event certificates for Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant
when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the assignment form (Assignment Form) attached hereto
as Exhibit B duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to
reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay any Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of
any Notice of Exercise and any fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions)
required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vi. Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its shareholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

Section 3. Certain
Adjustments.

(a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If, at any time after the Initial Exercise Date until the Termination Date, the Company: (i) pays a stock dividend
or otherwise make a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable
in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Warrant Shares issued by the Company upon exercise of
this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of
reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of
the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of
which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such
event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the number
of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of shareholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective
date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

-7-

(b) Subsequent
Equity Sales. If, at any time after the Initial Exercise Date while this Warrant is outstanding, the Company sells or grants any option
to purchase or sells or grants any right to reprice, or otherwise disposes of or issues (or announces any sale, grant or any option to
purchase or other disposition), any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents at an effective price per share that is lower than the then
Exercise Price (such issuances, collectively, a Dilutive Issuance) (if the holder of the Common Stock or Common
Stock Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments, reset provisions, floating conversion,
exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which are issued in connection with such issuance,
be entitled to receive shares of common stock at an effective price per share that is lower than the Exercise Price, such issuance shall
be deemed to have occurred for less than the Exercise Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance), then immediately upon such issuance
or sale (or deemed issuance or sale) the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such issuance or sale (or deemed issuance or sale)
shall be reduced (and in no event increased) to an Exercise Price equal to the quotient obtained by dividing:

(A) the sum of (1)
the product obtained by multiplying the Common Stock Deemed Outstanding immediately prior to such issuance or sale (or deemed issuance
or sale) by the Exercise Price then in effect plus (2) the aggregate consideration, if any, received by the Company upon such issuance
or sale (or deemed issuance or sale); by

(B) the sum of (1)
the Common Stock Deemed Outstanding immediately prior to such issuance or sale (or deemed issuance or sale) plus (2) the aggregate number
of shares of Common Stock issued or sold (or deemed issued or sold) by the Company in such issuance or sale (or deemed issuance or sale).

Common
Stock Deemed Outstanding means, at any given time, the sum of (a) the number of shares of Common Stock actually outstanding
at such time, plus (b) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of any warrants or other rights or options to subscribe
for or purchase Common Stock and conversion or exchange of any securities (directly or indirectly) convertible into or exchangeable for
Common Stock, in each case actually outstanding at such time (treating as actually outstanding any such warrants, rights, options or other
securities issuable upon exercise of other such securities actually outstanding at such time), in each case, regardless of whether such
securities are actually exercisable, convertible or exchangeable at such time; provided, that Common Stock Deemed Outstanding at any given
time shall not include shares owned or held by or for the account of the Company or any of its wholly-owned subsidiaries.

-8-

Such adjustment shall
be made whenever such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no adjustment will be made under
this Section 3(b) in respect of an Exempt Issuance (as defined below).

The Company shall
notify the Holder in writing, no later than one (1) Business Day following the issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
subject to this Section 3(b), indicating therein the applicable issuance price, or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion
price and other pricing terms (such notice, the Dilutive Issuance Notice). For purposes of clarification,
whether or not the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 3(b), upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance,
the Holder is entitled to receive a number of Conversion Shares based upon the new Conversion Price provided above on or after the date
of such Dilutive Issuance, regardless of whether the Holder accurately refers to the new Conversion Price in the Notice of Conversion.

Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock, restricted stock units or options, and the underlying shares
of Common Stock to consultants, employees, officers or directors of the Company pursuant to any stock or option plan duly adopted for
such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee
directors established for such purpose for services rendered to the Company, (b) securities issued upon the exercise or exchange of or
conversion of any securities issued hereunder and/or other securities issuable pursuant to existing agreements, exercisable or exchangeable
for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Warrant and disclosed in the Subscription Agreement,
provided that such securities have not been amended since the date of this Warrant to increase the number of such securities or to decrease
the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock dividends, stock splits
or combinations) or to extend the term of such securities, (c) securities issued pursuant, acquisitions or strategic transactions approved
by a majority of the directors of the Company, provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equity holders of
a Person) which is, itself or through its Subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the
business of the Company and which shall reasonably be expected to provide to the Company additional benefits, but shall not include a
transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business
is investing in securities, (d) securities issued pursuant to any purchase money equipment loan or capital leasing arrangement, purchasing
agent or debt financing from a commercial bank or similar financial institution, (e) securities issued pursuant to any presently outstanding
warrants disclosed in the Subscription Agreement or this Warrant, and (f) securities upon a stock split, stock dividend or subdivision
of the Common Stock and shares of common stock in a public offering.

-9-

(c) Pro
Rata Distributions. If, at any time after the Initial Exercise Date until the Termination Date, the Company shall distribute to all
holders of Common Stock (and not to the Holder) evidences of its indebtedness or assets (including cash and cash dividends) or rights
or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any security other than the Common Stock, then in each such case the Exercise Price shall be
adjusted by multiplying the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to the record date fixed for determination of stockholders entitled
to receive such distribution by a fraction of which the denominator shall be the VWAP determined as of the record date mentioned above,
and of which the numerator shall be such VWAP on such record date less than the per share Fair Market Value at such record date of the
portion of such assets or evidence of indebtedness or rights or warrants so distributed applicable to one outstanding share of the Common
Stock as determined by the Board of Directors in good faith. In either case the adjustments shall be described in a statement provided
to the Holder of the portion of assets or evidences of indebtedness so distributed or such subscription rights applicable to one share
of Common Stock. Such adjustment shall be made whenever any such distribution is made and shall become effective immediately after the
record date mentioned above.

(d) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time prior to the Termination Date, (i) the Company effects any merger or consolidation of the Company into
another Person, (ii) the Company effects any sale of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions,
(iii) any tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock
are permitted to tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property or (iv) the Company effects any reclassification
of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for
other securities, cash or property (each Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this
Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately
prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation
or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration)
receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable
immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction. For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be
appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of
one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration
in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common
Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be
given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction.
To the extent necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any successor to the Company or surviving entity in such Fundamental Transaction
shall issue to the Holder a new warrant consistent with the foregoing provisions and evidencing the Holders right to exercise such
warrant into Alternate Consideration. The terms of any agreement pursuant to which a Fundamental Transaction is effected shall include
terms requiring any such successor or surviving entity to comply with the provisions of this Section 3(c) and insuring that this Warrant
(or any such replacement security) will be similarly adjusted upon any subsequent transaction analogous to a Fundamental Transaction.

-10-

(e) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to this Section 3, if at any time prior to the Termination Date the Company
grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to all
of the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be
entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired
if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations
on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is
taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders
of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent
that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such
shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance
for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation.

(f) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the
number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

(g) Notice
to Holder.

i. Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
mail to the Holder a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring
such adjustment.

-11-

ii. Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common
Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall
authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock
of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any shareholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification
of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of
the assets of the Company, of any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property,
or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company,
then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be mailed to the Holder at its last address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register
of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x)
the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record
is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption,
rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share
exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record
shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to mail such notice or any defect therein or in the
mailing thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. The Holder is entitled
to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice.

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) herein and to the provisions of
the Subscription Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable,
in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with an Assignment
Form duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such
transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name
of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and
shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled.
The Warrant, if properly assigned, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New
Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or
its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance
with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Initial Exercise Date and shall be identical with this
Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

-12-

c) Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d) Transfer
Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer of this
Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under applicable
state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions pursuant to Rule 144, the
Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or transferee of this Warrant, as the case may be, comply
with the provisions of the Subscription Agreement.

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

a) No
Rights as Shareholder Until Exercise. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights or other rights as a shareholder
of the Company prior to the exercise hereof.

b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Business Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

d) Authorized
Shares.

The Company covenants
that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock one hundred (100%) of
the number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. In
case such amount of Common Stock is insufficient at any time, the Company shall call and hold a special meeting to increase the number
of authorized shares of common stock. Management of the Company shall recommend to shareholders to vote in favor of increasing the number
of authorized shares of common stock.

-13-

The Company further
covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of executing
stock certificates to execute and issue the necessary certificates for the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under
this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as
provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the National Securities Exchange upon
which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase
rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof
(other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to
the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate
of incorporation, as amended, or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of
securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but
will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking
any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise
Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public
regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Jurisdiction.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance
with the provisions of the Subscription Agreement.

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, will have restrictions
upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice Holders rights, powers or remedies, notwithstanding the fact that all rights hereunder
terminate on the Termination Date. If the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results
in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses
including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by Holder in collecting
any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

-14-

h) Notices.
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered in
accordance with the notice provisions of the Subscription Agreement.

i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of Holder, shall give rise to any liability of Holder for the purchase price
of any Common Stock or as a shareholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions of this
Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of all Holders from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by the Holder or
holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

[Signature Page Follows.]

-15-

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

Adaptin BIO, INC. 

By: 

Name: Michael J. Roberts 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO ADAPTIN BIO, INC. WARRANT]

EXHIBIT A

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: ADAPTIN BIO, INC.

(1) The
undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant and

tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any; or

elects to purchase the number of Warrant Shares stated above pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in Section 2(a) of
the Warrant

(2) Please
issue a certificate or certificates representing said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified
below:

_______________________________ 

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number or by physical delivery of a certificate to:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

(3) Accredited Investor.
The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: ________________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: _________________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________

Date: _______________________________________________________________

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing warrant, execute

this form and supply required information.

Do not use this form to exercise the warrant.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, [____] all of or [_______] shares
of the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

_______________________________________________ whose address is

____________________________________________________________.

_______________________________________________________________

Dated: ______________, _______

Holders Signature: _____________________________

Holders Address: _____________________________

_____________________________

Signature Guaranteed: ___________________________________________

NOTE: The signature to this Assignment Form must correspond with the
name as it appears on the face of the Warrant, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever, and must be guaranteed by a
bank or trust company. Officers of corporations and those acting in a fiduciary or other representative capacity should file proper evidence
of authority to assign the foregoing Warrant.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ea023016901ex10-1_adaptin.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PATENT LICENSE AGREEMENT BY AND BETWEEN CENTAUR BIO AND DUKE UNIVERSITY, EFFECTIVE AS OF JANUARY 11, 2023
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED
FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH NOT MATERIAL AND IS THE TYPE THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL. SUCH EXCLUDED
INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH [*].

PATENT LICENSE AGREEMENT

This Patent License Agreement (this Agreement) is effective
as of January 11, 2023 (the EFFECTIVE DATE), between Centaur Bio, Inc. (LICENSEE) having the address in Article
12 below, and Duke University, a nonprofit educational and research institution organized under the laws of North Carolina (DUKE).
LICENSEE and DUKE hereby agree as follows:

Whereas DUKE and the National Cancer Institute
(NCI), the agency of the U.S Department of Health and Human Services (DHHS) (jointly, the LICENSORS)
have entered into Interinstitutional Agreements dated January 19, 2022 (NCI References numbers L-067-2022, L- 068-2022 and L-069-2022)
granting to DUKE an exclusive license to NCIs rights in the PATENT RIGHTS, with the right to sublicense, and the right to negotiate
license terms and maintain patent protection and licenses for the commercialization of the PATENT RIGHTS as further defined below.

ARTICLE 1 DEFINITIONS

1.1 AFFILIATE
means any corporation or non-corporate entity that controls, is controlled by or is under the common control with a party. A corporation
or a non-corporate entity, as applicable, is deemed to be in control of another corporation if: (a) it owns or directly or indirectly
controls at least 50% of the voting stock of the other corporation; or (b) in the absence of ownership of at least 50% of the voting stock
of a corporation, or in the case of a non- corporate entity, if it possesses directly or indirectly, the power to direct or cause the
direction of the management and policies of such corporation or non-corporate entity, as applicable.

1.2 COMBINATION
PRODUCT means any product comprising a combination: of (a) a LICENSED PRODUCT; and (b) any active ingredients (other than a LICENSED
PRODUCT), devices, delivery systems, or other technology for which rights are not included in the licenses granted under this Agreement
but, with respect to the item(s) in this clause (b) of this Paragraph 1.2, which may each or collectively form the basis for a separately
saleable product (such separately saleable product incorporating such additional ingredient, device, delivery system or other technology,
an OTHER PRODUCT), whether co-formulated or co-packaged.

1.3 LICENSORS,
as used in Articles 2, 8, 9 and 10, shall include DUKE, NCI and their trustees, officers, employees, students, and agents.

1.4 FIELD
OF USE means all uses in human health.

1.5 FIRST
COMMERCIAL SALE means the first SALE through a bona fide arms length transaction of any LICENSED PRODUCT or first commercial
use of any LICENSED PROCESS by LICENSEE or a SUBLICENSEE, excluding the SALE of a LICENSED PRODUCT or use of a LICENSED PROCESS for use
in trials, as a sample, or that is of temporary availability.

1.6 LICENSED
PROCESS(ES) means any process or method that, but for this Agreement, comprises an infringement of (including contributory or inducement),
or is covered by, an issued, unexpired claim or a pending claim contained in the PATENT RIGHTS in the country in which such process or
method is performed or employs a LICENSED PRODUCT.

1.7 LICENSED
PRODUCT(S) means any product that: (a) but for this Agreement comprises an infringement of (including contributory or inducement),
or is covered by, an issued, unexpired claim or a pending claim contained in the PATENT RIGHTS in the country in which any such product
or product part is made, used, imported, offered for SALE or sold; or (b) is manufactured by using a LICENSED PROCESS or is employed to
practice a LICENSED PROCESS.

1.8 NET
SALES means [*].

If a COMBINATION PRODUCT is sold in a country, NET SALES
for the purposes of calculating royalties due on such COMBINATION PRODUCT shall be calculated by [*].

1.9 PATENT
RIGHTS means LICENSORS legal rights under the patent laws of the United States or relevant foreign countries for all of
the following:

(a) the
following United States and foreign patent(s) and/or patent application(s):

(i) US
Issued Patent 9,249,217, BISPECIFIC EGFRvIII ANTIBODY ENGAGING MOLECULES (DUKE File 3590);

(ii) US
Issued Patent 9,676,858, HUMAN BISPECIFIC EGFRvIII ANTIBODY AND CD3 ENGAGING MOLECULES (DUKE File 3590);

(iii) US
Issued Patent 10,053,514, CERTAIN IMPROVED HUMAN BISPECIFIC EGFRvIII ANTIBODY ENGAGING MOLECULES (DUKE File 4008); and

(iv) US
Patent Application 17/265,731, ENHANCED DELIVERY OF DRUGS AND OTHER COMPOUNDS TO THE BRAIN AND OTHER TISSUES (DUKE File
6386).

(b) all
additions, divisionals, continuations, continuations-in-part (only to the extent that such claims are fully supported by another patent
or application in the PATENT RIGHTS), substitutions, reissues, re-examinations, extensions, registrations, patent term extensions, revalidations,
supplementary protection certificates, and renewals of any of the foregoing or claiming priority to any of the foregoing, any patents
issuing from any of the foregoing, and all foreign applications and patents corresponding to or claiming priority to any of the foregoing.

1.10 PHASE
II STUDY means a human clinical trial of a LICENSED PRODUCT, the principal purpose of which is to make a preliminary determination
that such LICENSED PRODUCT is safe in patients for its intended use and to obtain sufficient information about such LICENSED PRODUCT's
efficacy to permit the design of further clinical trials, and generally consistent with 21 CFR 312.21(b).

2

1.11 PHASE
III STUDY means a human clinical trial of a LICENSED PRODUCT, the principal purpose of which is to establish safety and efficacy
in patients with the disease being studied in a manner sufficient to file for regulatory approval of such LICENSED PRODUCT and would satisfy
the requirements of 21 C.F.R. 312.21(c), or a similar clinical study prescribed by the Regulatory Authorities in a country other
than the United States.

1.12 ROYALTY
PERIOD(S) means the six-month periods ending on the last days of June and December each year.

1.13 ROYALTY
TERM means, on a country-by-country and LICENSED PRODUCT-by- LICENSED PRODUCT basis, the date commencing on the FIRST COMMERCIAL
SALE of such LICENSED PRODUCT and continuing until the later of the last to expire PATENT RIGHTS or the fifteenth anniversary of the FIRST
COMMERCIAL SALE.

1.14 SALE
means sale, rental, or lease, however characterized, and SOLD means the past tense of SALE.

1.15 SUBLICENSEE(S)
means any person or entity in writing sublicensed any of the rights under PATENT RIGHTS granted to LICENSEE under this Agreement, whether
such sublicense is granted by LICENSEE, any AFFILIATE thereof, or any preceding SUBLICENSEE.

1.16 SUBLICENSING
FEES means any consideration actually received by LICENSEE or any AFFILIATE thereof from a third party as consideration for the
grant of rights under the PATENT RIGHTS to such third party (net of any tax or similar withholding obligations imposed by any tax or other
government authority(ies) that are not reasonably recoverable by LICENSEE) (e.g., license issue fees, maintenance or annual minimum
fees, milestone payments, and the like), provided that SUBLICENSING FEES shall exclude: (a) sales-based royalties; (b) purchases of equity
or debt securities of LICENSEE or any AFFILIATE thereof for a price equal to or less than the fair market value thereof (as reasonably
determined in good faith by LICENSEE), provided that any such amounts paid in excess of fair market value shall be deemed SUBLICENSING
FEES; (c) fair market value payments made in connection with research and development agreements, joint ventures, partnerships, or collaboration
agreements where LICENSEE or an AFFILIATE of LICENSEE is obligated to perform research and development of any LICENSED PRODUCT or LICENSED
PROCESS; and (d) other payments made by a SUBLICENSEE as consideration for performance of services or provision of goods by LICENSEE or
an AFFILIATE of LICENSEE.

1.17 TECHNICAL
INFORMATION means any research information, technical information, technical data, Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs),
or other information (to the extent relating in each case to the Invention or its use), that is not claimed in the PATENT RIGHTS, and
was: (a) generated at DUKE by, under the direct supervision of, or for the benefit of any DUKE inventor on any PATENT RIGHTS before the
EFFECTIVE DATE, including any such research information, SOPs, technical information, or technical data; or (b) otherwise owned by DUKE
and necessary for practice of the LICENSED PRODUCT or LICENSED PROCESS.

3

1.18 TERRITORY
means worldwide.

1.19 VALID
CLAIM means any claim of a pending patent application or issued and unexpired patent, included, in either case, in the PATENT RIGHTS,
that: (a) has not been held unpatentable, invalid, or unenforceable by a court or other government agency of competent jurisdiction in
a decision over which no appeal can be, or has been, taken; and (b) has not been dedicated to the public, abandoned, or admitted to be
invalid, unenforceable, or of a scope not covering the subject matter at issue through reissue, re-examination, disclaimer, or otherwise;
provided, however, that if the relevant holding of such court or agency is later reversed by a court or agency with overriding authority,
the claim shall be deemed a VALID CLAIM with respect to NET SALES made after the date of such reversal to the extent such claim otherwise
remains a VALID CLAIM under this definition.

ARTICLE 2 GRANT OF LICENSE

2.1 DUKE
hereby grants to LICENSEE an exclusive license under the PATENT RIGHTS, with the right to grant sublicenses (through multiple tiers),
and a non-exclusive license to TECHNICAL INFORMATION, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, in the FIELD OF USE and the
TERRITORY to make, have made, import, use, market, offer for sale and sell LICENSED PRODUCTS and to sell, use, or provide LICENSED PROCESSES.
The rights and licenses granted by DUKE to LICENSEE under this Paragraph 2.1 include the grant of such rights and licenses to any AFFILIATES
of LICENSEE if any such AFFILIATE expressly assumes, in writing, the same obligations as those of LICENSEE. LICENSEE shall be responsible
for the performance of all obligations by such AFFILIATES and for such AFFILIATES compliance with all terms and conditions of this
Agreement. References to LICENSEE under this Agreement shall be deemed to also include references to any such AFFILIATE.

2.2 LICENSORS
retain the right to practice or license any invention, product, or method covered by the PATENT RIGHTS for their own noncommercial purposes
(as defined below) without restriction and without payment of royalties or other fees, including without limitation the right to provide
licenses to the PATENT RIGHTS to governmental laboratories and to other non-profit or not-for-profit institutions solely for non-commercial
purposes. For the purposes of this agreement noncommercial purposes means the use of PATENT RIGHTS for academic educational,
research, clinical or other not-for-profit or scholarly purposes which are undertaken at a non-profit or governmental institution that
does not use PATENT RIGHTS in the production or manufacture of products for sale or the performance of services for a fee.

2.3 Notwithstanding
the above, the Government of the United States (Government) shall have the irrevocable, royalty-free, paid-up right to practice
and have practiced the PATENT RIGHTS throughout the world by or on behalf of the Government and on behalf of any foreign government or
international organization pursuant to any existing or future treaty or agreement to which the Government is a signatory.

2.4 NCI
reserves the right to require LICENSEE or its SUBLICENSEES, to grant SUBLICENSES to responsible applicants, on terms that are reasonable
under the circumstances when necessary to fulfill health or safety needs or when necessary to meet requirements for public use specified
by Federal regulations.

4

2.5 In
addition to the reserved licenses of Paragraphs 2.2, 2.3 and 2.4, LICENSORS reserve the right to grant nontransferable, nonexclusive licenses
to make and to use any tangible embodiment of the PATENT RIGHTS and to practice any process(es) included within the PATENT RIGHTS for
purposes of internal research and not for purposes of commercial manufacture or distribution or in lieu of purchase (Research License)
directly or to require the LICENSEE to grant Research Licenses on reasonable terms. The purpose of these Research Licenses is to encourage
basic research, whether conducted at an academic or corporate facility. In order to safeguard the licensed PATENT RIGHTS, however, the
LICENSORS shall consult with the LICENSEE before granting to commercial entities a Research License or providing to them research samples
of materials made through the LICENSED PROCESSES.

2.6 LICENSEE
shall supply to NCI at the address in Article 12 with inert samples of the LICENSED PRODUCTS and LICENSED PROCESSES, as covered by the
PATENT RIGHTS, or their packaging for educational and display purposes only.

2.7 This
Agreement shall extend until expiration of the last to expire of the PATENT RIGHTS, unless sooner terminated as provided in another specific
provision of this Agreement.

2.8 The
licenses granted in this Agreement are subject to any rights required to be granted under applicable law as a result of prior research
or sponsorship agreements, or required to be retained by the U.S. government, for example in accordance with Chapter 18 of Title 35 of
U.S.C. 200-212 and the regulations thereunder (37 CFR Part 401), when applicable. LICENSEE agrees to comply in all respects, including
with respect to any applicable requirement that LICENSED PRODUCTS used, leased or sold in the United States shall be manufactured substantially
in the United States; and shall provide DUKE with all reasonably requested information and cooperation necessary for DUKE to comply with
applicable provisions of the same and any requirements of any agreements between DUKE and any agency of the U.S. government that provided
funding for the subject matter covered by the PATENT RIGHTS. LICENSEE agrees to mark the LICENSED PRODUCTS sold in the United States with
all applicable United States patent numbers as necessary to meet the requirements of 35 U.S.C. 287 so that the full benefits of patent
enforcement may be realized. All LICENSED PRODUCTS shipped to or sold in other countries shall be marked to comply with the patent laws
and practices of the countries of manufacture, use and SALE.

2.9 Board
Observation Rights. LICENSEE hereby agrees to cause DUKE to have observation rights at any of LICENSEEs Board of Directors
meetings. At such meetings, DUKE, at its option, shall be permitted to have a designee (the OBSERVER) attend in-person
or via telephone for sessions covering matters relating to LICENSEEs business, provided that: (a) the OBSERVER will be
excused from any Board activities involving attorney-client privilege or a conflict of interest; and (b) such rights shall terminate
on the earliest of (i) LICENSEE becoming subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (its
IPO), (ii) a CHANGE OF CONTROL of LICENSEE (as defined below), or (iii) such time as DUKEs equity interest in
LICENSEE is less than [*] percent ([*]%) of TOTAL OWNERSHIP INTERESTS.

5

ARTICLE 3 - CONSIDERATION

3.1 LICENSEE
shall pay the following to DUKE:

(a) During
the ROYALTY TERM, running royalties according to the following schedule on a country-by-country and product-by-product basis (such royalties,
RUNNING ROYALTIES):

(i) until the date on which there are
no VALID CLAIMS in a particular country COVERING (as defined below) a particular LICENSED PRODUCT (or the manufacture of use thereof),
[*] percent ([*]%) of annual NET SALES by LICENSEE, SUBLICENSEE or any AFFILIATE thereof, up to and including $[*] and [*] percent ([*]%)
of annual NET SALES above $[*]; and

(ii) following the date on which there
are no VALID CLAIMS in a particular country COVERING a particular LICENSED PRODUCT (or the manufacture of use thereof), [*]% of annual
NET SALES up to and including $[*] and [*]% of annual NET SALES above $[*].

COVERING means the use, manufacture, sale,
offer for sale, development, commercialization or importation of the subject matter in question by an unlicensed entity would infringe
a VALID CLAIM of a PATENT RIGHT.

If LICENSEE or any SUBLICENSEE determines that it is necessary
to pay consideration to any Third Party that holds a patent(s) that would, in the reasonable judgement of LICENSEE be infringed by the
manufacture, use, offer for SALE or SALE of a LICENSED PRODUCT, LICENSEE shall provide written notice of such determination to DUKE. If
LICENSEE or any SUBLICENSEE pays fees, milestones or royalties or other consideration to any such Third Party for any such rights (such
consideration, Third-Party Technology Payments), then LICENSEE may deduct up to [*] percent ([*]%) of the Third-Party Technology
Payments from the amounts due to DUKE hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the total amount payable to DUKE for a specific milestone
payment or royalty shall not be reduced by more than [*] percent ([*]%), as a result of any such deduction.

Upon expiration of the ROYALTY TERM with respect to a particular
LICENSED PRODUCT and country, (i) LICENSEE and its AFFILIATES shall have a perpetual, unrestricted, irrevocable, fully paid, royalty-free
non-exclusive right and license, with rights of sublicense (through multiple tiers of sublicensees), to use TECHNICAL INFORMATION to make,
have made, use, sell, offer for sale, and import such LICENSED PRODUCT in such country and (ii) LICENSEEs obligations under this
Agreement with respect to such LICENSED PRODUCT shall terminate.

6

(b) LICENSEE shall
pay DUKE a share of the SUBLICENSING FEES according to the following schedule:

Date of execution of applicable SUBLICENSE Percentage of

SUBLICENSING

FEES payable to

DUKE

Prior to initiation of the first PHASE II STUDY [*]%

After initiation of the first PHASE II STUDY but prior to initiation of the first PHASE III STUDY [*]%

After initiation of the first PHASE III STUDY [*]%

For the purposes of this Agreement, a clinical study shall
be deemed initiated upon the first administration of LICENSED PRODUCT to a subject enrolled in such study.

(c) In addition
to payment of ongoing patent expenses pursuant to Article 7 hereof, LICENSEE shall reimburse DUKE for previous patent expenses incurred
by DUKE for filing and prosecution of PATENT RIGHTS as of the EFFECTIVE DATE (PAST PATENT EXPENSES). PAST PATENT EXPENSES
shall be paid in four (4) equal installments, with each such installment payable on the last day of each calendar quarter starting on
the first full calendar quarter following the EFFECTIVE DATE.

(d) Minimum Annual
Royalties. Minimum annual royalties are due for the applicable calendar year on each following January 31, as set forth below (MINIMUM
ANNUAL ROYALTIES). MINIMUM ANNUAL ROYALTIES shall only be payable with respect to a particular calendar year to the extent Running
Royalties payable under Paragraph 3.1(a) with respect to NET SALES made during such calendar year do not equal or exceed such calendar
years MINIMUM ANNUAL ROYALTY. MINIMUM ANNUAL ROYALTIES paid in excess of Running Royalties shall not be creditable to amounts due
for future years. The MINIMUM ANNUAL ROYALTIES are:

(1) In 2025: $[*];

(2) In 2026 and in each year thereafter: $[*].

(e) Milestone payments
are due within thirty (30) days of LICENSEE achieving the following milestones, as set forth below (MILESTONE PAYMENTS).
In the event a SUBLICENSEE pays LICENSEE a fee for achieving one of the milestone events listed below, LICENSEE shall pay the higher of:
(i) the MILESTONE PAYMENT in this Paragraph 3.1(e); or (ii) the SUBLICENSING FEE due on such payment pursuant to Paragraph 3.1(b).

7

(1) $[*] upon initiation of PHASE II STUDY.

(2) $[*] upon initiation of PHASE III STUDY.

(3) $[*] upon first submission of an application for market approval of a LICENSED PRODUCT in the United States.

(4) $[*] upon first submission of an application for regulatory approval of a LICENSED PRODUCT in any one
of the United Kingdom, Germany, France, Italy, or Spain.

(5) $[*] upon first submission of an application for market approval of a LICENSED PRODUCT in Japan.

(6) $[*] upon FIRST COMMERCIAL SALE of LICENSED PRODUCT in the United States.

(7) $[*] upon FIRST COMMERCIAL SALE of LICENSED PRODUCT in any one of the United Kingdom, Germany, France, Italy, or Spain.

(8) $[*] upon FIRST COMMERCIAL SALE of LICENSED PRODUCT in Japan.

MILESTONE PAYMENTS are non-refundable and non-creditable.
MILESTONE PAYMENTS are payable only one time, regardless of the number of LICENSED PRODUCTS, formulations thereof, or indications therefor.

3.2 LICENSEE
is not obligated to pay multiple royalties if any LICENSED PRODUCT or LICENSED PROCESS is covered by more than one claim of PATENT RIGHTS
or the same LICENSED PRODUCT is covered by claims in two or more countries.

3.3 All
payments due to DUKE under this Agreement shall be made payable to Duke University. Payments drawn directly on a U.S. bank
may be made by either check to the address in Article 12 or by wire transfer. Any payment drawn on a foreign bank or foreign branch of
a U.S. bank shall be made only by wire transfer. Wire transfers shall be made in accordance with the following or any other instructions
as may be specified by DUKE. If payments are made by wire, the wiring instructions below must be followed.

Bank: [*] 

ABA #: [*] 

Swift Code: [*] 

Beneficiary: [*] 

Account #: [*] 

Attention: [*] 

Email: [*] 

All payments due to DUKE under this Agreement must be paid in United
States Dollars in Durham, North Carolina, or at such place as DUKE may reasonably designate consistent with the laws and regulations controlling
in any foreign country. If any currency conversion is required in connection with such payments due, such conversion must be made by using
the exchange rate prevailing at Wells Fargo Bank (N.A.) (or its successor, as the case may be) on the last business day of the reporting
period to which such payments relate.

8

3.4 Royalty
payments shall be made on a semi-annual basis with submission of the reports required by Article 4. All amounts due under this Agreement,
including amounts due for the payment of patent expenses, shall, if overdue, be subject to a charge of interest compounded monthly until
payment, at a per annum rate of [*] percent ([*]%) above the prime rate in effect at the JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. or its successor bank
on the due date (or at the highest allowed rate if a lower rate is required by law). The payment of such interest shall not foreclose
DUKE from exercising any other rights it may have resulting from any late payment. LICENSEE shall reimburse DUKE for its reasonable and
documented out-of-pocket expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees, for expenses paid in order to collect any amounts overdue
more than 120 days.

3.5 All
payments made under this Agreement are and shall be non-refundable and, except as set forth in this Agreement, non-creditable. DUKE shall
have no obligation whatsoever to pay, return, credit, or refund any amounts paid hereunder, except as may be specifically provided in
this Agreement. By way of example only, notwithstanding the deductions permitted to NET SALES, DUKE shall have no obligation to pay any
amounts to LICENSEE even if such deductions should result in a negative amount for NET SALES in any given ROYALTY PERIOD.

3.6 Should
LICENSEE be required under any law or regulation of any government entity or authority to withhold or deduct any portion of the payments
on royalties due to DUKE, then the sum payable to DUKE shall be increased by the amount necessary (if any) to ensure that DUKE receives
an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no withholdings or deductions been required. DUKE shall cooperate reasonably with
LICENSEE or any SUBLICENSEE in the event LICENSEE or any SUBLICENSEE elects to seek or assert, at its own expense, any exemption from,
refund of, or credit with respect to any such tax or deduction. Additionally, if DUKE is issued or awarded any credit or refund, the amount
of any such credit or refund shall be applied against future amounts payable to DUKE under this Agreement.

3.7.1 Equity.
On the EFFECTIVE DATE, LICENSEE must issue to DUKE shares of LICENSEEs common stock representing five percent (5%) of the TOTAL
OWNERSHIP INTERESTS in LICENSEE as of the EFFECTIVE DATE, subject to DUKEs execution, and pursuant to the terms of the Equity Transfer
Agreement attached herein as Appendix A.

TOTAL OWNERSHIP INTERESTS
shall mean the total number of issued and outstanding shares of LICENSEE on a fully diluted basis, including, for purposes of such
calculation, issued and outstanding shares of LICENSEEs common stock and other capital stock, all shares of LICENSEEs
capital stock subject to granted, unexercised stock options, all shares of LICENSEEs capital stock reserved for issuance
under LICENSEEs stock option plan that have not been issued and are not the subject of granted, unexercised stock options,
all shares of LICENSEEs capital stock that can be issued pursuant to the exercise of issued, unexercised warrants, and any
other outstanding securities issued by LICENSEE that may become convertible to LICENSEEs capital stock (all as calculated on
as as-converted-into- LICENSEEs-common-stock-basis, but excluding debt securities).

9

3.7.2 Anti-Dilution
Protection. Upon each issuance of NEW SECURITIES (as defined below in Paragraph 3.7.3), increase in the number of shares of capital stock
reserved for issuance pursuant to LICENSEEs stock option plan, and/or the issuance by LICENSEE of any other security (other than
a debt security or the grant of securities pursuant to LICENSEEs stock option plan) that can be converted into capital stock of
LICENSEE, LICENSEE shall issue to DUKE that additional number of shares of common stock in LICENSEE (ADJUSTING SHARES) as
required such that DUKE holds, in aggregate, five percent (5%) of the TOTAL OWNERSHIP INTERESTS in the LICENSEE (ANTI-DILUTION
PROTECTION), provided that the ANTI-DILUTION PROTECTION shall automatically terminate upon the earliest of: (i) LICENSEE completing
an equity financing of not less than an aggregate of ten million ($10,000,000) (including, for purposes of such calculation, the amount
of any unpaid principal and interest due under any debt securities that may be converted into or used to purchase equity securities in
any equity financing, and any securities issued to DUKE for cash in any such financing); (ii) any transaction that is an IPO; or (iii)
a CHANGE OF CONTROL of LICENSEE.

For purposes of this Agreement, a CHANGE OF CONTROL means:
(a) the acquisition of LICENSEE or its equity securities by another person or entity by means of any transaction or series of related
transactions (including, without limitation, any reorganization, merger or consolidation) that results in the transfer of 50% or more
of the outstanding voting power of LICENSEE; or (ii) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of LICENSEE (or the portion thereof
related to the subject matter of this Agreement).

3.7.3 If
LICENSEE proposes to offer, issue, sell or exchange (OFFER) any equity securities of LICENSEE, or any securities of any
type whatsoever that are, or may become, convertible or exchangeable into or exercisable for such equity securities, other than those
securities that are not subject to this Paragraph 3.7.3 (collectively, NEW SECURITIES), then LICENSEE shall first deliver
to DUKE a written notice of its intent to OFFER such NEW SECURITIES. Such notice should specify in reasonable detail the NEW SECURITIES
to be offered, including the total number of securities, the applicable rights and preferences associated therewith, the purchase price,
and the number of securities eligible for purchase by DUKE under this provision. For thirty days after receipt of the written notice,
DUKE or its designee will have the right to purchase up to its PRO RATA SHARE of such OFFER. If at the end of the thirty-day period, DUKE
elects to purchase less than all of its PRO RATA SHARE, then LICENSEE may, during the ninety day period following the expiration of such
thirty day period, OFFER the remaining unsubscribed portion of such NEW SECURITIES to any person at a price not less than, and upon terms
no more favorable to the offeree than, those specified in the written notice. If LICENSEE does not enter into an agreement for the sale
of the NEW SECURITIES within such ninety-day period, or if such agreement is not consummated within thirty days of the execution thereof,
the rights provided hereunder shall be deemed to be revived and such NEW SECURITIES shall not be OFFERED unless also reoffered to DUKE
in accordance with this Paragraph 3.7.3. DUKE shall be entitled to apportion the right of first offer hereby granted to it among itself
and to any entity controlled by DUKE, or any affiliate of DUKE or any other entity in which DUKE has a financial interest or investment,
provided that such affiliate or entity is an accredited investor within the meaning of Regulation D under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, in such proportions as it deems appropriate. This right of first offer shall not apply to the first financing
of LICENSEE and it shall not apply to and shall expire immediately prior to the earliest of: (a) any transaction that is an IPO; (b) a
CHANGE OF CONTROL of LICENSEE; or (c) LICENSEEs execution and consummation of a transaction involving a sale of NEW SECURITIES
in which DUKE has not purchased its PRO RATA SHARE. This right of first offer shall not be applicable to NEW SECURITIES: (t) that are
issued to employees, officers or directors of, or consultants or advisors to, LICENSEE pursuant to equity compensation plans or other
arrangements approved by the Board of Directors of LICENSEE; (u) that are issued upon the conversion, exercise or exchange of other securities
outstanding on the date of this Agreement; or (v) that are issued in a stock split or stock split in the nature of dividend or a combination
or other reclassification by LICENSEE that is paid on a proportionate non-cash basis to all holders of LICENSEE's capital stock; (w) issued
pursuant to LICENSEEs IPO; (x) issued pursuant to LICENSEEs CHANGE OF CONTROL; (y) issued in connection with any real property
or equipment leases or financings; or (z) issued in connection with a licensing, strategic, or collaborative transaction entered into
by LICENSEE or an AFFILIATE of LICENSEE. For purposes of this Agreement, PRO RATA SHARE means the fraction, (i) the numerator
of which is the number of shares of LICENSEEs common stock that has been previously issued to DUKE pursuant to this Agreement as
of the time immediately prior to the applicable sale of NEW SECURITIES and (ii) the denominator of which is the TOTAL OWNERSHIP INTERESTS
as of the time immediately prior to such sale of NEW SECURITIES.

10

ARTICLE 4 - REPORTS

4.1 Until
the FIRST COMMERCIAL SALE, by July 31 of each year LICENSEE shall provide to DUKE a written annual report that includes reports on progress
since the prior annual report and general future plans regarding (with respect to LICENSED PRODUCTS): research and development, regulatory
approvals, manufacturing, sublicensing, and marketing, including each milestone under Article 3 or Article 5 having a deadline during
the ROYALTY TERM, and a specific identification of whether or not it was achieved. Further, LICENSEE shall specifically report to DUKE
the FIRST COMMERCIAL SALE within seventy-five (75) days following the end of the ROYALTY PERIOD in which it occurs, and provide a brief
description of the products or services subject of the SALE, and terms thereof.

4.2 After
the FIRST COMMERCIAL SALE, LICENSEE shall provide semi-annual reports to DUKE. Specifically, by each July 31 and January 31 (i.e.,
within one month after each ROYALTY PERIOD closes, including the close of the ROYALTY PERIOD immediately following any termination of
this Agreement), LICENSEE shall report the following to DUKE for the applicable ROYALTY PERIOD.

(a) number
of LICENSED PRODUCTS sold, leased, or distributed, however characterized, by LICENSEE and each SUBLICENSEE.

(b) NET
SALES, excluding the deductions provided therefor, of LICENSED PRODUCTS SOLD by LICENSEE and all SUBLICENSEES.

(c) a
description and accounting for all LICENSED PROCESSES SOLD, by LICENSEE and all SUBLICENSEES included in NET SALES, excluding the deductions
therefor.

(d) deductions
applicable as provided in the definition for NET SALES above, and an explanation of the rationale(s) therefor.

(e) SUBLICENSING
FEES due on payments from SUBLICENSEES under Paragraph 3.1 above, including supporting figures.

(f) foreign
currency conversion rate and calculations (if applicable) and total royalties due.

(g) each
milestone achieved under Article 3 or each milestone under Article 5 having a deadline during the ROYALTY PERIOD, and a specific identification
of whether or not such milestone was achieved.

(h) for
each sublicense or amendment thereto completed in the particular ROYALTY PERIOD (including agreements under which LICENSEE will have LICENSED
PRODUCTS made by a third party): names, addresses, and U.S.P.T.O. Entity Status (as discussed in Paragraph 6.1) of such SUBLICENSEE; the
date of each agreement and amendment; the territory of the sublicense; the scope of the sublicense; and the nature, timing and amounts
of all fees and royalties to be paid to LICENSEE thereunder.

(i) summary
of progress on research and development, regulatory approvals, manufacturing, sublicensing, marketing and SALES, and general plans for
the future with respect to LICENSED PRODCUTS.

(j) the
date of FIRST COMMERCIAL SALE of LICENSED PRODUCTS (or results of LICENSED PROCESSES) in each country, to the extent reasonably ascertainable
by LICENSEE.

LICENSEE shall include the amount of all payments due, and the various
calculations used to arrive at those amounts, including the quantity, description (nomenclature and type designation as described in Paragraph
4.3 below), country of manufacture, and country of SALE or use of LICENSED PRODUCTS and LICENSED PROCESSES.

11

If no payment is due, LICENSEE shall so report to DUKE that no payment
is due. If LICENSEE does not provide reports as required under this Article 4, DUKE may notify LICENSEE of such failure, which shall be
a material breach of this Agreement if not cured within fifteen (15) days of LICENSEEs receipt of notice of such failure. LICENSEE
agrees to reasonably cooperate with DUKE regarding any questions it may have relating to compliance with this Agreement, for example to
discuss the information in reports.

4.3 LICENSEE
shall promptly establish and consistently employ a system of specific nomenclature and type designations for LICENSED PRODUCTS and LICENSED
PROCESSES to permit identification and segregation of various types where necessary, and shall require SUBLICENSEES to use the same nomenclature
and type designations.

4.4 LICENSEE
shall keep, and shall require SUBLICENSEES to keep, true and accurate records containing data reasonably required for the computation
and verification of payments due under this Agreement. LICENSEE shall: (a) open its records for inspection upon reasonable notice during
business hours, and no more than once per year, by an independent certified accountant selected by DUKE and reasonably acceptable to LICENSEE,
for the purpose of verifying the amount of payments due, and shall provide information to DUKEs accountant to facilitate such inspection;
and (b) retain such records for three (3) years from date of origination. LICENSEE shall, upon DUKEs reasonable written request,
at DUKEs expense, and subject to the applicable audit provisions of any such SUBLICENSE, exercise its audit rights with respect
to royalties payable on LICENSED PRODUCTS under sublicenses granted by LICENSEE and report the results thereof to DUKE.

The terms of this Article shall survive any termination of this Agreement.
DUKE is responsible for all expenses of such inspection, except that if any inspection reveals an underpayment greater than [*] percent
of royalties due DUKE, then LICENSEE shall pay all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses of that inspection and the amount
of the underpayment and interest to DUKE within twenty-one days of written notice thereof. LICENSEE shall also reimburse DUKE for its
reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses required to collect the amount underpaid if LICENSEE fails to pay the underpaid amount
within such thirty (30)- day period. Any overpayment revealed by any such inspection shall be credited against future amounts due hereunder.

ARTICLE 5 - DILIGENCE

5.1 LICENSEE
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize LICENSED PRODUCTS or LICENSED PROCESSES within the TERRITORY through
a thorough, vigorous and diligent program for utilizing the PATENT RIGHTS and to employ active and diligent marketing efforts for approved
LICENSED PRODUCTS or LICENSED PROCESSES. LICENSEE shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and retain any governmental approvals
necessary to manufacture and/or sell LICENSED PRODUCTS and/or use LICENSED PROCESSES for all relevant activities of LICENSEE and SUBLICENSEES.
If the commercialization of multiple LICENSED PRODUCTS or LICENSED PROCESSES is commercially reasonable, then the requirements of this
Paragraph 5.1 shall apply to all such LICENSED PRODUCTS and/or LICENSED PROCESSES.

5.2 Without
limiting Paragraph 5.1, LICENSEE agrees to use reasonable efforts to reach the following commercialization and research and development
milestones for the LICENSED PRODUCTS and LICENSED PROCESSES (together the MILESTONES) by the following dates:

(a) Initiation
of Phase I Study by [*].

(b) Initiation
of PHASE II STUDY by [*].

(c) Initiation
of PHASE III STUDY by [*].

(d) FIRST
COMMERICIAL SALE by [*].

12

5.3 LICENSEE
must use reasonable efforts to achieve each MILESTONE on or before the deadline dates indicated above. LICENSEE shall notify DUKE within
ten days after each such deadline as to whether or not such MILESTONE was met. If LICENSEE fails to meet any MILESTONE under this Article
5 by the date of such MILESTONE deadline and such failure results from LICENSEEs failure to use reasonable efforts to achieve such
MILESTONE, DUKE may terminate the Agreement effective on thirty days prior written notice, unless LICENSEE achieves the MILESTONE
within such thirty-day period. For clarity, the achievement of a MILESTONE by a SUBLICENSEE shall be deemed to be the achievement of such
MILESTONE by LICENSEE. DUKE acknowledges that LICENSEEs ability to timely achieve the MILESTONE may be impacted by delays outside
of LICENSEEs reasonable control. When LICENSEE identifies any such delays that will impact its ability to timely achieve the MILESTONE,
LICENSEE shall promptly notify DUKE. DUKE shall not reasonably withhold or deny its consent to any revisions to milestone data for the
applicable MILESTONE.

ARTICLE 6 - SUBLICENSING

6.1 LICENSEE
shall notify DUKE in writing of every sublicense agreement and each amendment thereto within thirty days after their execution, and indicate
the name of the SUBLICENSEE, the territory of the sublicense, the scope of the sublicense, and the nature, timing and amounts of all fees
and royalties to be paid thereunder, and whether or not the SUBLICENSEE has greater or fewer than 500 employees. Upon request, LICENSEE
shall provide DUKE with a copy of sublicense agreements, which LICENSEE may redact in its reasonable discretion to protect the confidentiality
of any SUBLICENSEEs proprietary or confidential information that is not necessary for DUKE to determine compliance with this Agreement.

6.2 LICENSEE
shall not receive from SUBLICENSEES anything of value other than cash payments in consideration for any sublicense under this Agreement,
without the express prior written permission of DUKE.

6.3 LICENSEE
shall require that all sublicenses: (a) not be inconsistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement; (b) contain the SUBLICENSEES
acknowledgment of the disclaimer of warranty and limitation on DUKE and NCI's liability, as provided by Article 9 below; and (c) contain
provisions under which the SUBLICENSEE accepts duties at least equivalent to those accepted by the LICENSEE in the following Paragraphs:
4.4 (duty to keep records), 10.1 (duty to defend, hold harmless, and indemnify DUKE and NCI), 10.3 (duty to maintain insurance), 2.4 (duty
to properly mark LICENSED PRODUCTS with patent notices), and 15.5 (duty to restrict the use of DUKE and NCI's name).

6.4 Upon
termination of this Agreement, any sublicenses granted by LICENSEE under the PATENT RIGHTS shall, to the extent provided in such sublicense,
remain in effect and be deemed to have been assigned by LICENSEE to DUKE immediately prior to such termination provided that: (a) the
sublicensing agreement requires the SUBLICENSEE to thereafter pay DUKE any consideration that would have been due to LICENSEE with respect
to the rights granted under this Agreement and (b) LICENSEE remains responsible for all other obligations thereunder to the extent applicable
to LICENSEE and in excess of DUKEs obligations under this Agreement. If any terms of such sublicense agreements fail to comply
with the requirements of Article 6 herein relating to sublicensing, or are otherwise inconsistent with this Agreement, and DUKE provides
notice thereof to SUBLICENSEE such terms will be renegotiated between DUKE and the SUBLICENSEE; provided, such sublicense will remain
in effect pending resolution and mutual agreement upon of such renegotiated terms. Any sublicense executed by LICENSEE must contain language
to implement this Paragraph 6.4 in order for any SUBLICENSEE to enjoy the benefits of this Paragraph 6.4.

13

ARTICLE 7 - PATENT APPLICATIONS AND MAINTENANCE

7.1 DUKE
shall have the right to control, and will use reasonable efforts to perform, all aspects of filing, prosecuting, and maintaining all of
the patents and patent applications that form the basis for the PATENT RIGHTS, including (a) administrative reexaminations and reviews;
and (b) disputes (including litigation) regarding inventorship and derivation, and interferences. LICENSEE shall reasonably cooperate
with DUKE in activities relating to the PATENT RIGHTS, including said activities. Upon DUKEs request, to the fullest extent permitted
by law, LICENSEE shall use reasonable efforts to apply for and prosecute, or support in any reasonable way DUKEs application for,
a patent term extension for patents included in the PATENT RIGHTS.

7.2 DUKE
shall: (a) promptly notify LICENSEE in writing of all information received by DUKE relating to the filing, prosecution, or maintenance
of the PATENT RIGHTS; and (b) make reasonable efforts to allow LICENSEE to review, comment, and advise upon such information. LICENSEE
shall hold such information confidential and use the information provided by DUKE only for the purpose of advancing DUKEs PATENT
RIGHTS.

7.3 With
the exception of foreign filing fees as detailed below, LICENSEE shall reimburse DUKE for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket
fees and costs incurred by DUKE with respect to the activities described in this Article 7 for PATENT RIGHTS licensed to LICENSEE hereunder.
Such reimbursement shall be made within thirty days of receipt of DUKEs invoice and shall be subject to the interest and other
requirements specified in Article 3 above. LICENSEE agrees that, to the extent its failure to comply with all Paragraphs in this Agreement
relating to entity status requires DUKE to pay Large Entity patent fees, LICENSEE shall be obligated to reimburse DUKE for
Large Entity patent fees. For the avoidance of doubt, this Article 7 shall not modify the rights and obligations of either
DUKE or LICENSEE with respect to the payment of PAST PATENT EXPENSES.

7.4 LICENSEE
must inform DUKE in writing of any foreign countries in which LICENSEE desires patent protection, and this Agreement will be amended in
writing to reflect those designations. LICENSEE will pay to DUKE [*] of the foreign filing fees reasonably estimated in good faith by
DUKE to be due for each requested country at least thirty (30) days in advance of any filing with respect thereto. DUKE and/or its other
licensees of the PATENT RIGHTS may elect to seek patent protection in countries not so designated by LICENSEE, in which case DUKE and/or
such other licensees of the PATENT RIGHTS are responsible for all expenses attendant thereto. In such instances, such patent applications
in such countries will not be PATENT RIGHTS (this Agreement shall be deemed to be so amended accordingly, if necessary), and LICENSEE
forfeits all rights under this Agreement to such patent applications and any resulting patents in such countries.

7.5 If
LICENSEE provides DUKE with written notification that it will no longer support the filing, prosecution, or maintenance of a specified
patent(s) and/or patent application(s) within the PATENT RIGHTS, then LICENSEEs responsibility for fees and costs related to the
filing, prosecution, and maintenance of such subject PATENT RIGHTS will terminate sixty (60) days after DUKEs receipt of such written
notification. At that time, such patents and/or patent applications will no longer be included in the PATENT RIGHTS (and this Agreement
is deemed to be so amended accordingly), and LICENSEE surrenders all rights under this Agreement to such patents, patent applications,
and any patent or patent applications arising therefrom.

7.6 LICENSEE
shall notify DUKE promptly if, at any time during the term of this Agreement, LICENSEE, its AFFILIATES, or any of its SUBLICENSEES does
not qualify as a small entity as under section 1.27, as amended, of the Consolidated Patent Rules of the United States Patent
and Trademark Office.

14

ARTICLE 8 ENFORCEMENT

8.1 Each
party shall promptly advise the other in writing of any known acts of potential infringement of the PATENT RIGHTS by another party. LICENSEE
is hereby granted the first right (which, for clarity, it may grant to AFFILIATES or SUBLICENSEES) to enforce the PATENT RIGHTS against
other parties within the TERRITORY and the FIELD OF USE, including against those acts that occurred prior to the EFFECTIVE DATE. LICENSEE
shall not file any suit without (a) first performing a thorough, diligent investigation of the merits of such suit, including with respect
to the validity and enforceability of the PATENT RIGHTS; (b) there being reasonable legal and economic bases for doing so; and (c) notifying
DUKE ninety (90) days before any such filing. This right to enforce includes filing, prosecuting, and settling all infringement actions
at its expense, except that LICENSEE shall make any such settlement that materially and adversely affects the scope or enforceability
of the PATENT RIGHTS, only with the advice and consent of LICENSORS. LICENSEE has the right to file suit using counsel of its choosing,
subject to LICENSORS approval, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. LICENSEE may grant to SUBLICENSEES the right
to enforce hereunder, within the scope of rights granted to such SUBLICENSEES.

8.2 If
LICENSEE has complied with Paragraph 8.1, LICENSORS shall provide reasonable assistance to LICENSEE with respect to such actions, and
LICENSEE will promptly reimburse DUKE and NCI for out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with any such assistance rendered at LICENSEE'S
request or reasonably required by DUKE and NCI, including but not limited to expenses incurred in complying with discovery duties. LICENSORS
retain the right to participate, with counsel of their own choosing and at their own expense, in any action under this Article. LICENSEE
shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless LICENSORS with respect to any claims asserted by an alleged infringer reasonably related to
the enforcement of the PATENT RIGHTS under this Article 8, including but not limited to antitrust counterclaims and claims for recovery
of attorney fees.

8.3 DUKE
and its employees have a vital interest in lawsuits relating to the validity and enforceability of the PATENT RIGHTS. If a third party
files a suit, including as a counterclaim, alleging that any of the PATENT RIGHTS is invalid or unenforceable, then the parties shall
jointly control the defense of such claim. Each party shall consult with the other with respect to the defense of such claim, and shall
reasonably consider the other partys input. In furtherance of such joint control, at the onset of such claim and as reasonable
during the pendency of any such claim, the parties shall meet and confer in good faith to set a plan for handling the defense thereof.
The parties expect that in general (a) LICENSEE will have the right to lead daily activities, including but not limited to discovery,
relating to the defense and (b) the parties would make joint filings. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the parties cannot
agree on how to proceed with respect to such claim, DUKE shall have the right to control the defense thereof on either a temporary or
permanent basis. LICENSEE shall be responsible for the reasonable costs and fees associated with activities under this Paragraph 8.3.
The parties shall consider reasonable controls on costs and fees as part of an aforementioned meet and confer with respect to the handling
of the defense. Notwithstanding, if a third party asserts jurisdiction for any such action solely as the result of acts of DUKE, then
DUKE shall be responsible for such reasonable costs and fees.

8.4 If
LICENSEE recovers damages in patent litigation regarding the PATENT RIGHTS or settlement thereof, the award shall be applied first to
satisfy LICENSEEs and LICENSORS reasonable expenses and legal fees for the litigation. The remaining balance shall be treated
as SUBLICENSING FEES. This provision shall control the division of revenues where a sublicense, covenant not to sue, or assignment of
rights is granted as part of a settlement of such lawsuit (including prospective rights).

ARTICLE 9 - NO WARRANTIES; LIMITATION ON DUKES
LIABILITY

9.1 LICENSORS
make no representations or warranties that any claim within the PATENT RIGHTS is or will be held valid, patentable, or enforceable, or
that the manufacture, importation, use, offer for SALE, SALE or other distribution of any LICENSED PRODUCTS or LICENSED PROCESSES will
not infringe upon any patent or other rights.

15

9.2 LICENSORS
MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS, EXTEND NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ASSUME NO RESPONSIBILITIES WHATEVER WITH RESPECT TO DESIGN, DEVELOPMENT, MANUFACTURE,
USE, SALE OR OTHER DISPOSITION BY LICENSEE OR SUBLICENSEES OF LICENSED PRODUCTS OR LICENSED PROCESSES.
LICENSEE AND SUBLICENSEES ASSUME THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO PERFORMANCE OF LICENSED PRODUCTS AND LICENSED PROCESSES.

9.3 In
no event shall LICENSORS be responsible for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages or lost profits or other
economic loss or damage with respect to LICENSED PRODUCTS, LICENSED PROCESSES, or the PATENT RIGHTS to LICENSEE, SUBLICENSEES Agreement
regardless of legal or equitable theory.

9.4 LICENSEE
shall not make any statements, representations or warranties whatsoever to any person or entity, or accept any liabilities or responsibilities
whatsoever from any person or entity that are inconsistent with any disclaimer or limitation included in this Article 9.

ARTICLE 10 - INDEMNITY; INSURANCE

10.1 LICENSEE
shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless and shall require SUBLICENSEES to defend, indemnify and hold harmless LICENSORS for and against
any and all claims, demands, damages, losses, and expenses of any nature (including attorneys' fees and other litigation expenses) (hereinafter,
CLAIM), including, but not limited to, death, personal injury, illness, property damage, economic loss or products liability,
or errors and omissions, arising from or in connection with, any of the following: (1) any manufacture, use, SALE or other disposition
by LICENSEE, SUBLICENSEES or transferees of LICENSED PRODUCTS or LICENSED PROCESSES; (2) the use by any third party of LICENSED PRODUCTS
made, used, sold or otherwise distributed by LICENSEE or SUBLICENSEES; (3) the use or practice by LICENSEE or SUBLICENSEES of any invention
or computer software related to the PATENT RIGHTS; and (4) any CLAIM of infringement and/or invalidity of any claim(s) of the PATENT RIGHTS.

10.2 LICENSORS
are entitled to participate at their option and expense through counsel of their own selection, and may join in any legal actions related
to any such claims, demands, damages, losses and expenses under Paragraph 10.1 above. LICENSEE shall not settle any such legal action
with an admission of liability of LICENSORS without LICENSORS written approval.

10.3 Prior
to any distribution or commercial use of any LICENSED PRODUCT or use of any LICENSED PROCESS by LICENSEE, LICENSEE shall purchase and
maintain in effect commercial general liability insurance, product liability insurance, and errors and omissions insurance which shall
protect LICENSEE and LICENSORS with respect to the events covered by Paragraph 10.1, and LICENSEE shall require the same of any SUBLICENSEE.
Each such insurance policy must provide reasonable coverage for all claims with respect to any LICENSED PROCESS used and any LICENSED
PRODUCTS manufactured, used, sold, licensed or otherwise distributed by LICENSEE (or, in the case of a SUBLICENSEEs policy, by
said SUBLICENSEE) and must specify LICENSORS as an additional insured. LICENSEE shall furnish proof of such insurance to DUKE, upon request.

16

ARTICLE 11 - TERM AND TERMINATION

11.1 This
Agreement shall immediately terminate if the LICENSEE enters liquidation, has a receiver or administrator appointed over any assets related
to this Agreement, makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors, or ceases to carry on business, or files for bankruptcy or if
an involuntary petition is filed against LICENSEE and not dismissed within [*] ([*]) days, or any similar event under the law of any foreign
jurisdiction. Except as set forth in Paragraph 15.8, this Agreement cannot be assumed or assigned by LICENSEE, any trustee acting on behalf
of the assets of LICENSEE, or otherwise, without DUKEs prior written consent, which may not be unreasonably withheld.

11.2 If
at any time the LICENSEE i) fails to meet the MILESTONES as provided in Paragraph 5.2 or ii) shall permanently cease to pursue commercial
development of the PATENT RIGHTS as contemplated herein in any country in the TERRITORY, then the license granted to LICENSEE set forth
in Article 2 with respect to that country in the TERRITORY shall automatically terminate without obligation on the part of DUKE to refund
any of the fees or royalties which may have been paid by LICENSEE prior to such termination. LICENSEE must provide notice to DUKE promptly
in writing if LICENSEE permanently ceases to pursue commercial development of the PATENT RIGHTS in any specific country in the TERRITORY
as contemplated herein.

11.3 If
LICENSEE fails to make any payment due to DUKE by the applicable due date therefor, such failure shall be deemed to be a material breach
of this Agreement, subject to the cure period set forth in Article 4 or Paragraph 11.4. Any termination of this Agreement stemming from
such breach shall not foreclose DUKE from collection of any amounts remaining unpaid or seeking other legal relief.

11.4 Upon
any material breach or default of this Agreement by LICENSEE (other than as specifically provided herein, the terms of which shall take
precedence over the handling of any other material breach or default under this Paragraph 11.4), DUKE has the right to terminate this
Agreement effective on [*] (or in the case of non-payment, [*]) days written notice to LICENSEE. Such termination shall become
automatically effective upon expiration of the applicable period unless LICENSEE cures the material breach or default before the period
expires. LICENSEE's right to cure a material breach will apply only to the first [*] ([*]) material breaches properly noticed under the
terms of this Agreement, within any [*] ([*])- year period. Any subsequent breach or any uncured breach by that Party will entitle the
DUKE to terminate this Agreement by written notice without opportunity to cure.

11.5 LICENSEE
has the right to terminate this Agreement at any time on [*] ([*]) days written notice to DUKE. Upon termination pursuant to this
Paragraph 11.5, LICENSEE shall:

(a) pay
all amounts due DUKE through the effective date of the termination;

(b) submit
a final report of the type described in Paragraph 4.2;

(c) return
any patent documentation (including that exchanged under Article 7) and any other CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION or remaining physical materials
provided to LICENSEE by DUKE in connection with this Agreement, or, with prior approval by DUKE, destroy such materials, and certify in
writing that such materials have all been returned or destroyed;

17

(d) suspend
its manufacture, use and SALE of the LICENSED PROCESS(ES) and LICENSED PRODUCT(S);

(e) provides
DUKE with all data and know-how developed by LICENSEE in the course of LICENSEEs efforts to develop LICENSED PRODUCTS and LICENSED
PROCESSES; DUKE shall have the right to use such data and know-how for any purpose whatsoever, including the right to transfer same to
future licensees;

(f) provide
DUKE with copies of any regulatory information filed with any U.S. or foreign government agency with respect to LICENSED PRODUCTS and
LICENSED PROCESSES.

11.6 Upon
any termination of this Agreement, and except as provided herein to the contrary, all rights and obligations of the parties hereunder
shall cease, except any previously accrued rights and obligations and further as follows: (a) obligations to pay royalties and other sums,
including any outstanding patent fees and costs pursuant to Article 7 up to the termination date, or to transfer equity or other consideration,
accruing hereunder up to the day of such termination, whether or not this Agreement provides for a number of days before which actual
payment is due and such date is after the day of termination and whether or not a required funding event or other stock transfer trigger
has yet been met; (b) DUKE's rights to inspect books and records as described in Article 4, and LICENSEE's obligations to keep such records
for the required time; (c) any cause of action or claim of LICENSEE or DUKE accrued or to accrue because of any breach or default by the
other party hereunder; (d) the provisions of Articles 1, 3.7.3, 9, 10, 13, 15; and (e) all other terms, provisions, representations, rights
and obligations contained in this Agreement that by their sense and context are intended to survive until performance thereof by either
or both parties.

Termination by either party hereunder shall not alter or affect any
other rights or relief that either party may be entitled to under law.

11.7 Upon
termination of this Agreement, if LICENSEE has filed patent applications or obtained patents to any modification or improvement to LICENSED
PRODUCTS or LICENSED PROCESSES within the scope of the PATENT RIGHTS, LICENSEE agrees upon request to enter into good faith negotiations
with DUKE or DUKEs future licensee(s) for the purpose of granting licensing rights to said modifications or improvements in a timely
fashion and under commercially reasonable terms.

11.8 If
LICENSEE, any AFFILIATE thereof, or any SUBLICENSEE asserts the invalidity or unenforceability of any claim included in the PATENT RIGHTS,
including by way of litigation or administrative proceedings, either directly or through any other party, then DUKE shall have the right
to immediately terminate this Agreement upon written notice to LICENSEE. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Parties agree that this Paragraph
11.8 shall not apply to: (a) any such assertion by any SUBLICENSEE with respect to any PATENT RIGHT to which such SUBLICENSEE is not sublicensed
rights under this Agreement; and (b) arguments and comments made by or on behalf of LICENSEE, any AFFILIATE thereof, or any SUBLICENSEE
with respect to the prosecution, maintenance, or defense of LICENSEEs or any SUBLICENSEES patents or patent applications
in response to office actions, inter partes review, interferences, and other communications from or interactions with patent offices,
agencies, or authorities or third parties in the prosecution, maintenance, or defense process.

ARTICLE 12 - NOTICES

Any notice, request, or report required or permitted
to be given or made under this Agreement by either party is effective when mailed if sent by recognized overnight carrier, certified or
registered mail, or electronic mail followed by confirmation by U.S. mail, to the address set forth below or such other address as such
party specifies by written notice given in conformity herewith. Any notice, request, or report not so given is not effective until actually
received by the other party.

18

To DUKE: To LICENSEE: 

For delivery via the U.S. Postal Service 

[*] [*] 

For delivery via nationally/internationally recognized courier 

DUKE UNIVERSITY 

[*] 

For delivery via electronic mail 

[*] 

To NCI: 

For delivery via the U.S. Postal Service 

[*] 

For delivery via electronic mail 

[*] 

ARTICLE 13 - CONFIDENTIALITY

13.1 DUKE
and LICENSEE will treat any CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION disclosed to it by the other party with reasonable care and will not disclose such
information to any other person, firm or corporation, except Affiliates bound by the obligations of confidentiality and restricted use
set forth in this Article 13. The receiving party may not use the disclosing Partys CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION other than for the
benefit of the Parties hereto and for the performance of this Agreement. These obligations of non-disclosure and restricted use remain
in effect for each subject disclosure of CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION for [*] ([*]) years from the date of disclosure. However, neither Party
is obligated, with respect to CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION disclosed to it, or any part thereof, which:

(a) is
already known to the receiving party at the time of the disclosure;

(b) becomes
publicly known without the wrongful act or breach of this Agreement by the receiving party;

(c) is
rightfully received by the receiving party from a Third Party on a non- confidential basis;

(d) is
subsequently and independently developed by employees of the receiving party who had no knowledge of the information, as verified by written
records;

(e) is
approved for release by prior written authorization of the disclosing Party; or

(f) is
disclosed pursuant to the requirements of applicable law or pursuant to any judicial or government requirement or order, provided that
the party so disclosing takes reasonable steps to provide the other party sufficient prior notice in order to contest such request, requirement
or order and provided that such disclosed information otherwise remains subject to the obligations of confidentiality set forth in this
Article 13.

19

13.2 DUKE
and LICENSEE agree that any information to be treated as CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION under this Article 13 must be disclosed in writing or
in another tangible medium and must be clearly marked CONFIDENTIAL. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION disclosed orally must be summarized
and reduced to writing and communicated to the other party within 30 days of such disclosure.

13.3 LICENSEE
may use and disclose any CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION of DUKE related to the PATENT RIGHTS, or the terms of this Agreement, to investors,
prospective investors, banking or lending institutions, acquirors, acquisition or merger targets, employees, consultants, contractors,
agents, collaborators, prospective collaborators, and other third parties in the chain of manufacturing and distribution, but if and only
if LICENSEE obtains from each such recipient a written confidentiality agreement, the provisions of which are at least as protective of
DUKEs CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION as those provided in this Article 13. However, nothing in this Article 13 shall require LICENSEE
to obtain a written confidentiality agreement from actual or prospective investors in connection with disclosures made by LICENSEE in
response to standard diligence requests or representations or warranties contained in financing or investment documents.

13.4 CONFIDENTIAL
INFORMATION shall mean, with respect to a party hereto, all information regarding such partys technology, products, business,
finances, or objectives, that is disclosed to the other party and shall be marked CONFIDENTIAL. Additionally, all information
relating to filing, prosecution, maintenance, defense, and the like regarding the PATENT RIGHTS (no matter how disclosed) is the CONFIDENTIAL
INFORMATION of DUKE and subject to the provisions of this Article 13. DUKE acknowledges that other than information relating to PATENT
RIGHTS, DUKE has not disclosed any CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION to LICENSEE.

ARTICLE 14 DISPUTE RESOLUTION

14.1 In
the event of any dispute, claim, question, or disagreement arising from or relating to this agreement or the breach thereof, the Parties
hereto shall use their best efforts to settle the dispute, claim, question, or disagreement. To this effect, they shall consult and negotiate
with each other in good faith and, recognizing their mutual interests, attempt to reach a just and equitable solution satisfactory to
both parties. If they do not reach such solution within a period of [*] ([*]) days of the first written notice of dispute by either party
to the other, then, upon written request for mediation by either party to the other, the parties agree to try in good faith to settle
the dispute by mediation administered by the American Arbitration Association under its Commercial Mediation Procedures and to be scheduled
within [*] ([*]) days of the written notice requesting mediation. If the parties fail to reach agreement by mediation, then all disputes,
claims, questions, or differences shall be finally settled by arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association in accordance
with the provisions of its Commercial Arbitration Rules. The arbitration panel shall consist of three members, selected as follows: one
member to be selected by each party, and those two members are to select a third member who will chair the panel. Judgment on the award
rendered by the arbitrators may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof and shall be binding on the parties. The negotiation,
mediation, and arbitration described above shall take place at a mutually agreed upon location in Durham, North Carolina.

14.2 Either
Party may seek to enforce any written agreement reached by the Parties during mediation, or to confirm and enforce any final award entered
in arbitration, in any court of competent jurisdiction, provided that any Party moving to enforce, confirm or vacate any such agreement
or award, as the case may be, will file such motion under seal unless prohibited under applicable court rules. Notwithstanding the agreement
to such procedures, either Party may seek equitable or injunctive relief to enforce its rights in any court of competent jurisdiction.

20

ARTICLE 15 - MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

15.1 This
Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the state of North Carolina without regard for principles of choice of
law, except that questions affecting the construction and effect of any patent shall be determined by the law of the country in which
the patent was granted.

15.2 DUKE
and LICENSEE agree that this Agreement sets forth their entire understanding concerning the subject matter of this Agreement. The parties
may amend this Agreement from time to time, such as to add new rights, but no modification will be effective unless both DUKE and LICENSEE
agree to it in writing.

15.3 If
a court of competent jurisdiction finds any term of this Agreement invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that term will be curtailed, limited
or deleted, but only to the extent necessary to remove the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability, and without in any way affecting
or impairing the remaining terms.

15.4 No
waiver by either party of any breach of this Agreement, no matter how long continuing or how often repeated, is a waiver of any subsequent
breach thereof, nor is any delay or omission on the part of either party to exercise or insist on any right, power, or privilege hereunder
a waiver of such right, power or privilege. In no event shall any waiver be deemed valid unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized
representative of each party.

15.5 LICENSEE
shall, and shall require its AFFILIATES to, refrain from using and to require SUBLICENSEES to refrain from using the name, mark, logo,
image or any adaption thereof of LICENSORS or their employees in publicity or advertising without the prior written approval of LICENSORS,
except as required by law, provided that reports in scientific literature and presentations of joint research and development work are
not publicity or advertising for the purposes hereof. However, in no event, shall LICENSEE or SUBLICENSEE represent, either directly or
indirectly, that any product or service is a product or service of LICENSORS.

15.6 LICENSEE
agrees to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including but not limited to all United States laws and regulations controlling
the export of commodities and technical data. LICENSEE shall be solely responsible for any violation of such laws and regulations involving
LICENSEE or its SUBLICENSEES, and to defend, indemnify and hold harmless LICENSORS if any legal action of any nature results from any
such violation.

15.7 It
is expressly understood and agreed that LICENSORS and LICENSEE are independent contractors. Neither party is an agent of the other in
connection with the exercise of any rights hereunder, and neither has any right or authority to assume or create any obligation or responsibility
on behalf of the other. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to create or constitute a partnership or joint venture between LICENSORS
and LICENSEE.

15.8 LICENSEE
may not assign this Agreement without the prior written consent of DUKE and shall not pledge any of the license rights granted in this
Agreement as security for any creditor. Any attempted pledge of any of the rights under this Agreement or assignment of this Agreement
not permitted under this Paragraph 15.8 will be void from the beginning. No assignment by LICENSEE will be effective until the intended
assignee agrees in writing to accept all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and such writing is provided to DUKE. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, LICENSEE may, without DUKEs consent, assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement to a purchaser or assignee
(by operation of law, contract, or otherwise) of all or substantially all of LICENSEEs assets or business (or that portion thereof
relating to the subject matter of this Agreement), so long as: (a) LICENSEE is not in material breach of this Agreement; and (b) such
assignee provides a statement in writing to DUKE that it agrees to accept all the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including obligations
existing as of the time of such assignment) in the place of LICENSEE. The transfer of this Agreement by LICENSEE to an AFFILIATE shall
not be considered to be an assignment subject to this Paragraph 15.8.

15.9 If
the registration, recordation, or reporting to a national or supranational agency of this Agreement, its terms, or assignment thereof
is or becomes required or advisable (e.g., as a prerequisite to enforceability of the Agreement in such nation), LICENSEE shall, at its
expense, promptly undertake such action. LICENSEE shall provide prompt notice thereof to DUKE along with copies of relevant documentation.

21

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed
this PATENT LICENSE AGREEMENT in duplicate originals by their duly authorized officers or representatives.

FOR CENTAUR BIO FOR DUKE UNIVERSITY

By: /s/ Michael J. Roberts By: /s/ Robin L. Rasor

(authorized representative) Robin L. Rasor

Associate VP

Printed Name: Michael J. Roberts 

Title: CEO 

Date: 2/2/2023 Date 1/12/2023

[Signature Page to Duke Centaur Bio Patent License Agreement]

APPENDIX A. EQUITY TRANSFER AGREEMENT

THIS EQUITY TRANSFER AGREEMENT (the "Agreement")
is made as of February 2nd, 2023 between CENTAUR BIO, a Delaware corporation, having offices at 7805 Pemswood Street, Charlotte, NC 28277.
(the "LICENSEE"), and Duke University, a nonprofit educational and research institution organized under the laws of North
Carolina ("DUKE").

RECITALS

Pursuant to that certain License Agreement (DUKE File No(s): [*], [*],
[*]), dated the 11th of January, 2023 (the "License"), between LICENSEE and DUKE, DUKE licensed certain rights to LICENSEE.
A copy of the License is attached to this Agreement as Schedule A.

Pursuant to Paragraph 3.7.1
of the License and in consideration thereof, the LICENSEE agreed to transfer to DUKE a specified portion of the equity interest in LICENSEE
at the times and on the basis described in such Paragraph.

The obligation of LICENSEE to issue such equity
to DUKE has matured.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the License and this Agreement, LICENSEE and DUKE agree as follows.

1. Issuance
of Equity.

(a) In partial consideration of the License and in satisfaction of
the requirements of Paragraph 3.7.1 thereof, LICENSEE shall, upon execution of this Agreement, issue DUKE a duly endorsed certificate
for 75 shares of the common stock of LICENSEE (the "DUKE Equity"). The DUKE Equity is subject to the designations, powers,
preferences and rights, and qualifications, limitations and restrictions set forth in LICENSEE's charter or other applicable instrument
relating thereto.

(b) If the anti-dilution provisions of Paragraph 3.7.2 of the License
create an obligation of the LICENSEE to issue ADJUSTING SHARES (as defined in the License) to DUKE, then this Agreement shall be deemed
effective to transfer the ADJUSTING SHARES in LICENSEE to DUKE by LICENSEE required to meet the LICENSEE's obligations under Paragraph
3.7.2 of the License without additional documentation.

2. LICENSEE
Representations and Warranties. LICENSEE represents and warrants to DUKE that:

(a) LICENSEE
is a corporation validly existing in good standing in its state of incorporation or organization and has the power and authority to enter
into this Agreement and to issue the DUKE Equity as contemplated hereby;

(b) this
Agreement has been duly authorized, executed, and delivered by LICENSEE and is a valid and binding obligation of LICENSEE, enforceable
in accordance with its terms, except as limited by laws relating to creditors' rights and general principals of equity;

[Appendix A to Duke Centaur Bio Patent License Agreement]

A-1

(c) issuance
of the DUKE Equity satisfies all of the requirements of Paragraph 3.7.1 of the License, including with respect to the amount or percentage
of shares of LICENSEE equity that LICENSEE is obligated to transfer to DUKE under Paragraph 3.7.1 of the License;

(d) upon
issuance pursuant to this Agreement, the DUKE Equity will be free of any lien, charge or other encumbrance, and will be validly issued,
fully-paid and non-assessable;

(e) issuance
of the DUKE Equity does not and will not violate (i) the charter, bylaws or operating agreement, as applicable, of LICENSEE (ii) any rights
of preemption, first offer, first refusal, co-sale, registration, dividends or similar rights (collectively, Equity Rights),
(iii) any agreement by which LICENSEE, its owners, property or assets are bound, or (iv) any Federal or applicable state securities law,
rule or regulation;

(f) the
DUKE Equity constitutes 5.0% of the TOTAL OWNERSHIP INTERESTS of LICENSEE as of the EFFECTIVE DATE. For the purposes of this provision,
TOTAL OWNERSHIP INTERESTS shall have the same meaning as in Paragraph 3.7.1 of the License.

3. DUKEs
Representations and Warranties. DUKE represents and warrants to LICENSEE that (a) DUKE is a nonprofit educational and research institution
organized under the laws of North Carolina; (b) this Agreement is a valid and binding obligation of DUKE, enforceable in accordance with
its terms, except as limited by laws relating to creditors rights and general principals of equity; (c) DUKE has full power and
authority to execute and deliver this Agreement; and (d) DUKE is an accredited investor, as that term is defined in Rule
501(a) of Regulation D, as promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).Additional
Rights.

4. LICENSEE
agrees DUKE shall be entitled as of the date hereof to all the contractual rights granted by LICENSEE to the holders of the same type
and class of equity security issued to DUKE pursuant to Paragraph 1 hereof, including, by way of example and not limitation, Equity Rights,
any cash flow priority or preference and any reporting obligations; subject, however, to any threshold limitations applied on an equal
basis to all holders of such equity security. Notwithstanding any such threshold limitation, for so long as DUKE holds not less than [*]%
of the issued and outstanding equity interest of LICENSEE, LICENSEE shall provide to DUKE the highest level of written financial and other
information that LICENSEE provides to those holders of equity interest in LICENSEE that have contractual information rights. DUKE agrees
to promptly execute and deliver to LICENSEE the documents relating to such contractual rights and to be bound by the provisions thereof;
provided, however, the execution and delivery (or deemed execution and delivery) by DUKE of such documents shall in no event incur any
obligation of DUKE to make a capital contribution to preserve its equity interest in LICENSEE.

[Appendix A to Duke Centaur Bio Patent License Agreement]

A-2

5. Limited
Transferability. DUKE acknowledges that (a) the DUKE Equity will not be registered under the Securities Act, (b) DUKE is taking the
DUKE Equity for its own account and not with a view towards resale or redistribution thereof, and (c) the DUKE Equity may not be sold
or transferred unless (i) if prior to an IPO, it is first offered to LICENSEE and LICENSEEs other stockholders at fair market value,
and (ii) in any event, unless (A) registered under the Securities Act and registered or qualified under applicable state securities laws,
or (B) pursuant to an applicable exemption from such registration or qualification requirements and LICENSEE receives an opinion of counsel
reasonably acceptable to LICENSEE to the effect that no such registration or qualification is required. Accordingly, until the DUKE Equity
has been registered under the Securities Act or LICENSEE receives an opinion of counsel to DUKE to the foregoing effect or to the effect
that the DUKE Equity can be freely transferred under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, the certificate or other instrument
evidencing the DUKE Equity shall bear the following legend:

THE SECURITY REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAS NOT BEEN
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAW. NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR ANY PORTION HEREOF OR INTEREST
HEREIN MAY BE SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF UNLESS THE SAME IS REGISTERED UNDER SUCH ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE
STATE SECURITIES LAW, OR UNLESS AN EXEMPTION FROM SUCH REGISTRATION IS AVAILABLE AND THE ISSUER SHALL HAVE RECEIVED, AT THE EXPENSE OF
THE HOLDER HEREOF, EVIDENCE OF SUCH EXEMPTION REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER (WHICH MAY INCLUDE, AMONG OTHER THINGS, AN OPINION
OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER).

6. General.

(a) Assignment.
This Agreement is not assignable by LICENSEE.

(b) Binding
Effect. All of the covenants and provisions of this Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of successors and permitted assigns
and transferees of LICENSEE and DUKE.

(c) Notices.
Any notice, request, claim or other communication hereunder must be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given if delivered
by hand or if sent by certified mail, postage and certification prepaid, to LICENSEE and DUKE at the addresses for each set forth in the
introductory paragraph of this Agreement. Either party may change such address by giving notice to the other in the manner required by
this subsection.

(d) Entire
Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement and the License constitute the entire agreement between LICENSEE and DUKE with respect to the
subject matter of this Agreement. LICENSEE and DUKE may only amend this Agreement by a written instrument executed by them both.

(e) Governing
Law. This Agreement will be construed and governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to principals of conflicts
of laws.

(f) Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by facsimile, each of which will be an original, but all of which together
shall constitute one and the same instrument.

LICENSEE and DUKE have executed this Agreement
as of the date first written above.

[Appendix A to Duke 
Centaur Bio Patent License Agreement]

A-3

LICENSEE: DUKE:

By: /s/ Michael J. Roberts By: /s/ Robin L. Rasor

Name: Michael J. Roberts Name: Robin L. Rasor

Title: CEO Title: Associate Vice President

[Appendix A to Duke Centaur Bio Patent License Agreement]

A-4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ea023016901ex10-2_adaptin.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FIRST AMENDMENT TO LICENSE AGREEMENT BY AND BETWEEN CENTAUR BIO AND DUKE UNIVERSITY, EFFECTIVE AS OF AUGUST 9, 2024
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED
FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH NOT MATERIAL AND IS THE TYPE THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL. SUCH EXCLUDED
INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH [*].

FIRST AMENDMENT TO LICENSE AGREEMENT

This First Amendment, dated August 9, 2024, is
by and between Centaur Bio, Inc (LICENSEE) and Duke University ("DUKE").

WHEREAS, LICENSEE and DUKE entered into a license
agreement dated January 11, 2023 (the "License Agreement"); and

WHEREAS, DUKE and LICENSEE desire to modify certain
provisions of the License Agreement as provided herein.

NOW THEREFORE, DUKE and LICENSEE hereby agree as
follows:

1. The
following new Paragraphs 1.20 and 1.21 shall be added.

1.20 SRA
means the Sponsored Research Agreement titled Centaur-Duke Structured Research Agreement entered into by DUKE and LICENSEE
on August 8, 2024.

1.21 IMPROVEMENTS
means any invention, patentable or otherwise, conceived as a direct result of the performance under the SRA, under the direction of [*]
and where the invention has been disclosed in writing to DUKEs Office for Translation & Commercialization.

2. The following new Paragraph
2.10 shall be added.

2.10 DUKE hereby
grants LICENSEE an exclusive option to add IMPROVEMENTS to the definition of PATENT RIGHTS or TECHNICAL INFORMATION as applicable under
the License Agreement. So long as LICENSEE reimburses DUKE for patent expenses covering such IMPROVEMENTS, LICENSEEs OPTION shall
be exercisable for [*] ([*]) months following disclosure of
any such IMPROVEMENT by DUKE to LICENSEE (OPTION PERIOD). Prior to the expiration of the OPTION PERIOD, LICENSEE shall notify
DUKE in writing if it wishes to exercise its OPTION after which time (a) patentable IMPROVEMENTS will be added to the list of PATENT RIGHTS
and/or (b) non-patentable IMPROVEMENTS will be added as TECHNICAL INFORMATION, as applicable, under the terms of the License Agreement.

3. Except
as specifically modified and amended above, all other terms and conditions of the License Agreement remain unchanged and in effect and
are hereby ratified and adopted as though fully set forth herein.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have entered into
this First Amendment to the License Agreement as of the date and year first above-written.

LICENSEE DUKE UNIVERSITY

By: /s/
Michael J. Roberts By /s/ Robin L. Rasor

Michael J. Roberts Robin L. Rasor

Title: CEO Title Associate Vice President
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>ea023016901ex10-3_adaptin.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SPONSORED RESEARCH AGREEMENT BY AND BETWEEN CENTAUR BIO AND DUKE UNIVERSITY, EFFECTIVE AS OF AUGUST 8, 2024
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED
FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH NOT MATERIAL AND IS THE TYPE THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL. SUCH EXCLUDED
INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH [*].

SPONSORED RESEARCH AGREEMENT

This sponsored research agreement (Agreement)
is effective August 8, 2024 (Effective Date) and is between Duke University, a tax-exempt research and educational
institution located in Durham, North Carolina, acting for and on behalf of its School of Medicine (Duke), and Centaur
Bio a corporation with offices at 7805 Pemswood Street, Charlotte, NC 28277 (Sponsor). The parties represented in
this Agreement shall be referred to individually as a Party and collectively as the Parties.

WHEREAS, the research contemplated by this Agreement is of
mutual interest and benefit to Duke and Sponsor, and will further the instructional and research objectives of Duke in a manner consistent
with its status as a non-profit research and educational institution.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and covenants
herein, the Parties hereto agree as follows:

Definitions:

As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the
following meanings:

Duke Investigator: [*], M.D.

Confidential Information: All
proprietary information disclosed by a Party (the Disclosing Party) to the other Party (the Receiving Party)
that the Disclosing Party marks as confidential. If Confidential Information is provided orally, it will be reduced to writing within
[*] ([*]) days of such oral disclosure and marked confidential. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if Confidential Information is
communicated where a reasonable person knowledgeable in the field would recognize from the content of the communication or the circumstances
under which the communication is made that the communication is intended to be confidential, then such communication shall be considered
Confidential Information regardless of whether it is marked as confidential or reduced in writing.

Terms and Conditions of this Agreement:

1. Duke and Sponsor agree to performance and payment under this
Agreement as follows:

(a) Duke agrees to perform a program of scientific research as
described in Exhibit A of this Agreement (the Research).

(b) The Research will be supervised by the Duke Investigator.

(c) This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will
terminate upon completion of the Research unless earlier terminated as otherwise provided in this Agreement.

(d) Payment.

(i) In consideration of the performance of the Research, and as
detailed in the budget included as Exhibit A (the Budget), Sponsor shall pay Duke a fixed-price total of $[*].

2. Dukes relationship to Sponsor under this Agreement will be that of an independent contractor and not an agent, joint venturer or partner of Sponsor.

3. If Confidential Information is provided, the Receiving Party agrees that the Disclosing Party is the sole owner of such Confidential
Information and that the Receiving Party will formulate and adopt appropriate safeguards, using the same care and discretion that the
Receiving Party uses with similar information that it considers confidential that shall, at a minimum, be reasonable care and discretion,
to maintain and protect the confidentiality of the Confidential Information for a period of [*] ([*]) years from the Effective Date (the
Term of Confidentiality), and agrees not to disclose it or use it for any purpose not contemplated by this Agreement.
The Receiving Party shall not be bound by confidentiality obligations hereunder with respect to the Confidential Information, or any part
thereof, that:

(a) is already known to the Receiving Party at the time of the
disclosure;

(b) is or becomes publicly known without the wrongful act or breach
of this Agreement by the Receiving Party;

(c) is legally received by the Receiving Party from a third party
that is not subject to restrictions on disclosure;

(d) is approved for release by written authorization of the Disclosing
Party; or

(e) is subsequently and independently developed by employees of
the Receiving Party without use of or reliance upon the Confidential Information.

Nothing herein shall prevent the Receiving Party from disclosing
Confidential Information to the extent required pursuant to a judicial or government request, requirement or order. In such instances,
the Receiving Party shall take reasonable steps to provide the Disclosing Party sufficient prior written notice in order for the Disclosing
Party to contest such request, requirement or order.

4. Results:

(a) At mutually agreeable times, Duke will provide Sponsor with periodic progress reports disclosing the information and data generated
from the performance of the Research (collectively, Results). In addition, Duke will provide Sponsor with a scientifically
complete final report within [*] ([*]) days of termination of this Agreement.

(b) Duke hereby grants Sponsor a perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free license to use the Results for any lawful purpose, which shall include,
without limitation, research and development, pending patent application support, and regulatory purposes, provided that such use will
be in a manner consistent with preserving: (i) the patentability of any Inventions (as defined below); and (ii) Dukes publication
rights. Sponsor will first notify Duke before using the Results to support filings of new patent applications or continuing applications.

(c) Duke shall be free to use the Results for all purposes subject to Article 5.

2

5. Duke agrees to submit to Sponsor for review a copy of any proposed publication disclosing the Results at least [*] ([*]) days prior
to the date of submission for publication, and agrees to consider in good faith all comments received during that time. If Sponsor determines
that the proposed publication contains patentable subject matter requiring protection, Sponsor may require the delay of the publication
for a period of time not to exceed an additional [*] ([*]) days for the purpose of allowing the pursuit of such protection, provided that
in no event shall any such publication include Confidential Information of Sponsor. If removal of such Confidential Information will materially
and adversely affect Dukes ability to support its scientific conclusions, the Parties agree to work together in good faith to find
mutually acceptable, alternative information that can be published.

6. Inventions.

(a) Background Intellectual Property. Ownership of inventions, technologies, know-how, works of authorship, processes, algorithms, programs,
devices, biologics, compositions, designs, prototypes, databases and models, existing as of the Effective Date or otherwise not arising
from the performance of the Research, and all patent rights, copyrights, and other intellectual property rights (including foreign equivalent
rights) therein (collectively, Background Intellectual Property), are not affected by this Agreement, and neither
Party shall have any claims to or rights in any Background Intellectual Property of the other Party.

(b) Any new invention or discovery developed by Duke during the performance of the Research under this Agreement (an Invention)
shall be promptly and confidentially disclosed in writing to Sponsor (an Invention Disclosure). Inventorship of any
new Invention shall be determined in accordance with United States patent law, whether patentable or not, and ownership of each Invention
shall be determined as follows.

(i) Inventions made solely by inventors who are Sponsors
personnel shall be owned by Sponsor (Sponsor Inventions),

(ii) Inventions made solely by inventors who are Duke personnel shall be owned by Duke (Duke Inventions),

(iii) Inventions made jointly by inventors who are Sponsor personnel and inventors who are Duke personnel shall be owned jointly by the Parties (Joint
Inventions).

(c) Patent Prosecution.

(i) Sponsor shall have the first right to pursue and maintain
patent protection for any Joint Inventions in the names of both Parties, at Sponsors expense, and will not voluntarily discontinue
the pursuit and maintenance of any United States patent protection for such Joint Inventions without first notifying Duke.

(ii) Sponsor will notify Duke if it requests Duke to file for patent protection on any Duke Invention and Duke shall file for such patent protection,
at Sponsors expense.

(iii) For any exercise of Sponsors first right to pursue and maintain patent protection of Joint Inventions or
requests for Duke to file for patent protection, Sponsor shall pay for all costs in connection with the preparation, filing,
prosecution, and maintenance of U.S. and foreign application(s) covering Duke Inventions or Joint Inventions.

3

(iv) In both cases (c)(i) and (c)(ii), the Parties will cooperate to assure that such application(s) will cover,
to the best of each Partys knowledge, all items of commercial interest and importance.

(v) While Duke will be responsible for making decisions regarding scope and content of Duke filed applications and prosecution thereof,
and Sponsor will be responsible for making decisions regarding scope and content of jointly owned applications, the other Party will be
given an opportunity to review and provide input thereto.

(vi) Each Party will inform the other of all developments with respect to such application(s) and will promptly supply to the other copies
of all papers received and filed in connection with the prosecution thereof in sufficient time for the other Party to comment thereon.

(vii) Sponsor shall have the sole right, but not obligation, to pursue and maintain patent protection for Sponsor Inventions.

(d) Option and License.

(e) Duke hereby grants Sponsor a first option to negotiate an exclusive, worldwide, sublicensable, royalty bearing license to Dukes
rights to any Duke Invention or Joint Invention to practice such Invention (the Option). Provided that Sponsor has
participated in bearing the patent expenses as described in Section 6(c) above, such Option shall be exercisable, on a per- Invention
basis, for [*] ([*]) months after Sponsors receipt of the Invention Disclosure with respect to each such Invention (the Option
Period). The Parties may extend the Option Period upon mutual agreement. Sponsor will notify Duke in writing of its exercise
of the Option within the Option Period and terms and conditions of these licenses are to be negotiated in good faith and agreed upon between
Duke and Sponsor.

(i) If Sponsor does not exercise the Option with respect to any Duke Invention or Joint Invention, or notifies Duke that it will not exercise
the Option with respect to any Duke Invention or Joint Invention, then Sponsor shall no longer have any claim or interest in Dukes
rights in the subject Duke Invention or Joint Invention. However, (i) Sponsor shall
retain its rights under the non-exclusive license to practice any such Duke Invention for research purposes pursuant to Section (v) below,
and (ii) each Party shall continue to have its joint ownership interest in any Joint Invention and shall be free to practice any Joint
Invention without the consent of, or any obligation to account to, the other Party.

(ii) Duke reserves the right to make or use any Invention licensed by Duke to Sponsor for Dukes research, educational, clinical,
regulatory, patent, and publication purposes.

(iii) Duke hereby grants Sponsor a non-exclusive royalty free, fully paid-up, worldwide, non-sublicensable license to practice Dukes
rights in any Duke Invention for internal noncommercial research and development purposes.

4

7. THE CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION, RESULTS, AND/OR INVENTIONS ARE PROVIDED AS IS WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR THAT THE USE OF THE CONFIDENTIAL
INFORMATION, RESULTS, AND/OR INVENTIONS WILL NOT INFRINGE UPON ANY PATENT, COPYRIGHT, TRADEMARK, OR OTHER RIGHTS.

8. Indemnification.

(a) Each Party agrees to indemnify, hold harmless and defend the other Party, its officers, employees, trustees, staff members, and agents
(and with respect to Duke, including without limitation the Duke Investigator) (collectively, Indemnitees) against
any and all liabilities, claims, suits, losses, damages, costs, and expenses, including attorneys fees (collectively, Losses),
resulting from any claim, suit or proceeding made or brought by a third party, both government and non-government, against any Partys
Indemnitee to the extent arising from the other Partys Indemnities (i) negligence, (ii) willful misconduct in the activities carried
out pursuant to this Agreement, (iii) breach of this Agreement, provided, however, that the indemnification obligations of a Party shall
not apply to the extent such Losses are attributed to any of the other Partys Indemnitees gross negligence, willful misconduct,
or violation of applicable laws, rules or regulations. In addition, Sponsor shall indemnify Duke for its use of the Results and Inventions.

(b) Sponsor shall maintain in force at its sole cost and expense, with reputable insurance companies, insurance of a type and in an amount
reasonably sufficient to protect against liability hereunder. Duke shall have the right to request the appropriate certificates of insurance
from Sponsor for the purpose of ascertaining the sufficiency of such coverage.

9. Neither Party will, without the prior written consent of the other Party: (a) use in advertising, publicity or otherwise, the name
of any employee or agent, any trade-name, trademark, trade device, service mark, symbol, or any abbreviation, contraction or simulation
thereof owned by the other Party, or (b) represent, either directly or indirectly, that (i) any product or service of the other Party
is a product or service of the representing Party, (ii) any product or service of the representing Party is made in accordance with or
utilizes the information or documents of the other Party, or (iii) the other Party is endorsing the representing Partys product
or service. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Duke may acknowledge the contributions of the Sponsor in any academic publication prepared
in accordance with Article 5 and shall have the right to post Sponsors name, the Research name, and the Research period on Dukes
publicly accessible lists of Research conducted at Duke and as may be required in submissions to funding agencies.

10. Any notice or other communication required or permitted under this Agreement will be in writing and will be deemed given as of the
date it is: (a) delivered by hand, or (b) mailed, postage prepaid, first class, certified mail, return receipt requested, to the Party
at the address listed below or subsequently specified in writing, (c) received by electronic mail notification, so long as receipt of
the electronic mail notification is acknowledged by the recipient with a return electronic mail transmission by a person, with email addresses
to be used as directed in advance by the Parties, or (d) sent, shipping prepaid, return receipt requested, by national
courier service, to the Party at the address listed below or subsequently specified in writing:

As to Duke: [*]

As to Sponsor: [*]

5

11. Termination

(a) Unless this Agreement terminates as otherwise provided for in this Article, this Agreement will terminate upon expiration of the Term
as defined above.

(b) The Parties agree that the provisions of this Agreement are intended to be interpreted and implemented so as to comply with all applicable
laws, governmental rules and regulations; however, if it is determined that any provision of this Agreement is not in such compliance,
then the Parties agree to modify that provision or this Agreement so as to be in compliance. If such modification is not possible, or
practical, or if the Parties are unable to agree upon the modification to be made, then either Party may immediately terminate this Agreement.

(c) Either Party may terminate this Agreement upon [*] ([*]) days written notice if the other Party materially breaches this Agreement
and such breach remains uncured for such [*] ([*]) day period. Either Party is permitted to terminate this Agreement for its convenience
upon [*] ([*]) days written notice to the other Party.

(d) Either Party may terminate this Agreement immediately if the other Party engages in fraud or illegal conduct during the performance
of the Research.

(e) In the event of early termination, Sponsor will compensate Duke for i) [*], ii) [*], and iii) [*].

(f) Upon termination for any reason:

(i) A Receiving Party, at the Disclosing Partys discretion, shall return or destroy all Confidential Information received from the Disclosing Party.

(ii) A Receiving Party may retain one (1) copy of the Disclosing Partys Confidential Information as a record of obligations under
this Agreement and for legal and regulatory purposes.

(iii) In addition, any computer records or files containing such Confidential Information that have been created solely by the
Receiving Partys automatic archiving and back- up procedures, to the extent created and retained in a manner consistent with
the Receiving Partys standard archiving and back-up procedures, may be retained by
the Receiving Party, but not for any other use or purpose.

6

12. Nonperformance by either Party shall be excused to the extent that performance is rendered impossible by strike, fire, earthquake,
flood, governmental acts or orders or restrictions, failure of suppliers or any other reason where failure to perform is beyond the reasonable
control of the non-performing Party. In such event the affected Party, as the case may be, shall promptly notify the other Party of such
inability and of the period for which such inability is anticipated to continue. Without limiting the foregoing, the Party subject to
such inability shall use reasonable efforts to minimize the duration of any force majeure event.

13. This Agreement is binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the Parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This
Agreement shall not be assignable in whole or in part by a Party without the prior written consent of the other Party. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Sponsor may assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement in connection with a merger or similar reorganization
or the sale of all or substantially all of its assets or of the Sponsors subject matter of this Agreement, without the prior written
consent of Duke. Upon completion of such an event, Sponsor will provide Duke with written notification disclosing the name and address
of the third party that has assumed Sponsors rights and obligations under this Agreement.

14. Any and all provisions of this Agreement which by their nature or effect are required or intended to be observed, kept or performed
after termination or expiration of this Agreement will survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement, as the case may be, and
remain binding upon and for the benefit of the Parties hereto.

15. This Agreement and its attached Exhibit represent the entire understanding between the Parties, and supersedes all other agreements,
express or implied, between the Parties as to its subject matter. Any alteration, modification, or amendment to this Agreement must be
in writing and signed by an authorized office of both Parties.

AGREED: 

DUKE UNIVERSITY CENTAUR BIO

By: /s/
Oshrat BenMoshe-Doriocourt By: /s/
Michael J. Roberts

Name: Oshrat
BenMoshe-Doriocourt Name: Michael
J. Roberts

Title: Director, ORC Operations Title: CEO

Date executed: 8/12/2024 Date executed: 8/8/2024

7

EXHIBIT A

Research
and Budget

[*]

A-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>ea023016901ex10-4_adaptin.htm
<DESCRIPTION>ADVISORY SERVICES AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF FEBRUARY 11, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND LUCIUS PARTNERS LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

Advisory
Services Agreement

Advisory Services
Agreement (the Agreement), made this 11th day of February 2025, is entered into by Unite Acquisition 1
Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Lucius Partners LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company (the Advisor).

WHEREAS, the Company proposes
to (a) enter into that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization (the Merger Agreement), by and among
the Company, Adaptin Acquisition Co., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Corporation (Merger Sub),
and Adaptin Bio, Inc., a privately held Delaware corporation (Adaptin), pursuant to which, among other things, Merger
Sub would merge with and into Adaptin, with Adaptin continuing as the surviving entity and as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Corporation
(the Merger), and all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Adaptin will be exchanged for shares of
common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (Common Stock); and (b) contemporaneously with the
Merger, complete a private placement offering (the Offering) of a minimum of 795,455 Units of the Companys
securities, each Unit consisting of (i) one share of Company Common Stock, (ii) a warrant to purchase one share of Company
Common Stock, exercisable from issuance until one year after the final closing of the Offering at an exercise price of $4.40 per share,
and (iii) a warrant, to purchase one-half share of Company Common Stock, exercisable from issuance until five years after the final closing
of the Offering at an exercise price of $6.60 per whole share, at a purchase price of $4.40 per Unit, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions of subscription agreements in a form reasonably acceptable to the Parent and the Company; and

WHEREAS, the Company and the
Advisor desire to establish the terms and conditions under which the Advisor will provide services to the Company as provided herein post
consummation of the Merger and the Offering;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual covenants and promises contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which
is hereby acknowledged by the parties hereto, the parties agree as follows:

1. Services.

1.1 The
Advisor agrees to perform such consulting, advisory and related services to and for the Company as may be reasonably requested from time
to time by the Company, including, but not limited to, the services specified on Schedule A to this Agreement (the Services)
using the principals, officers, employees and Subcontractors (as defined below) of the Advisor (the Personnel). The
Advisor shall not engage the services of third party contractors, subcontractors or consultants (each, a Subcontractor)
in the performance of the Services without the prior written consent of the Company, which consent of the Company may be granted or withheld
in its sole discretion. In the event that the Company permits the Advisor to use the services of one or more Subcontractors, each such
Subcontractor shall sign a written agreement agreeing to be bound by all of the provisions of this Agreement to the same extent as the
Advisor and the Personnel. The Company shall not have any responsibility or obligation to any such Subcontractor.

1.2 It
is expressly understood and agreed that Advisor shall be required to perform only such tasks as may be necessary or desirable in connection
with the rendering of its services hereunder and therefore may not perform all of the enumerated tasks during the Term (as defined below).
Moreover, it is further understood that the Advisor need not perform each of the enumerated tasks in order to receive the fees and expense
reimbursements. It is further understood that the Advisors tasks may not be limited to those enumerated in this Agreement, but
that the Services to be rendered by the Advisor to the Company shall under no circumstances include the following: (i) any activities
which could be deemed to constitute investment banking or any other activities requiring the Advisor to be registered as a broker-dealer
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act); and/or (ii) any activities which could
be deemed to be in connection with the offer or sale of securities in a capital raising transaction. It is specifically understood and
agreed by the parties hereto that all capital raising transactions associated with the Company will be processed and completed through
a FINRA-registered broker-dealer, and the Advisor will have no involvement therewith.

1.3 In
connection with Advisors activities hereunder, the Company will cooperate with Advisor and furnish Advisor upon request with all
information regarding the business, operations, properties, historical and projected financials (in GAAP format), management and prospects
of the Company (all such information so furnished being the Information) that Advisor deems appropriate and will
provide Advisor with access to the Companys officers, directors, employees, independent accountants and legal counsel. The Company
represents and warrants to Advisor that all Information made available to Advisor hereunder will be complete and correct in all material
respects and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the
statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances under which such statements are or will be made. The Company further represents
and warrants that any projections and other forward-looking information provided by it to Advisor will have been prepared in good faith
and will be based upon assumptions which, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, are reasonable. The Company recognizes
and confirms that Advisor: (i) will use and rely primarily on the Information and on information available from generally recognized public
sources in performing the Services contemplated by this Agreement without having independently verified the same; (ii) does not assume
responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of the Information and such other information; and (iii) will not make an appraisal of
any assets of the Company. Any advice rendered by Advisor pursuant to this Agreement may not be disclosed publicly without Advisors
prior written consent.

1.4 The
Company recognizes that in order for Advisor to perform properly its obligations in a professional manner, the Company will keep Advisor
informed of and, to the extent practicable, permit Advisor to participate in, meetings and discussions between the Company and any third
party relating to the matters covered by the terms of Advisors engagement. If at any time during the course of Advisors
engagement, the Company becomes aware of any material change in any of the information previously furnished to Advisor, it will promptly
advise Advisor of the change.

-2-

1.5 Under
this Agreement, Advisor will have no authority whatsoever to assume or create any obligation, liability, or undertake and responsibility
whatsoever, express or implied on behalf of or in the name of the Company or any affiliate other than those required to perform the Services
identified under this Agreement.

1.6 The
Company acknowledges that Advisor has been, and may in the future be, engaged to provide services to other companies in the industry in
which the Company is involved. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, the Company acknowledges and agrees that nothing contained
in this Agreement shall limit or restrict the right of Advisor or of any member, manager, officer, employee, agent or representative of
Advisor, to be a member, manager, partner, officer, director, employee, agent or representative of, investor in, or to engage in, any
other business, whether or not of a similar nature to the Companys business, nor to limit or restrict the right of Advisor to render
services of any kind to any other corporation, firm, individual or association. Advisor may, but shall not be required to, present opportunities
to the Company.

2. Term.
This Agreement shall commence on the date hereof and shall continue for twenty-four (24) months from the date of closing of the Offering
(the Term). The Term may be extended for additional one-year periods upon written request by the Company within 60
days prior to the expiry of the Term (as may be extended), or sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 4.

3. Fees.

3.1 Upon
the initial closing of the Offering (the Initial Closing), the Company will pay to the Advisor a cash fee of $180,000
for the Services during the first year following such closing, and will agree to pay the Advisor for the Services, in advance for four
consecutive three-month periods, commencing on the first day of the month that is the first full month twelve months or more after the
Initial Closing, a cash fee of $45,000 for one year.

4. Termination.
This Agreement may be terminated prior to the end of the Term in the following manner: (a) by the non-breaching party, upon twenty-four
(24) hours prior written notice to the breaching party if one party has materially breached this Agreement; or (b) at any time upon the
mutual written consent of the parties hereto. In the event of termination, the Advisor shall be entitled to payment for any expenses paid
or incurred that the Company has theretofore agreed to reimburse. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may terminate this Agreement
effective immediately by giving written notice to the Advisor if the Advisor breaches or threatens to breach any provision of Section
5.

5. Proprietary
Information and Inventions.

5.1 The
Advisor acknowledges that its relationship with the Company is one of high trust and confidence and that in the course of its service
to the Company it will have access to and contact with Proprietary Information. The Advisor will not disclose any Proprietary Information
to any person or entity other than employees of the Company or use the same for any purposes (other than in the performance of the Services)
without written approval by an officer of the Company, either during or after the Consultation Period, unless and until such Proprietary
Information has become public knowledge without fault by the Advisor.

-3-

5.2 For
purposes of this Agreement, Proprietary Information shall mean, by way of illustration and not limitation, all information, whether or
not in writing, whether or not patentable and whether or not copyrightable, of a private, secret or confidential nature, owned, possessed
or used by the Company, concerning the Companys business, business relationships or financial affairs, including, without limitation,
any Invention, formula, vendor information, customer information, apparatus, equipment, trade secret, process, research, report, technical
or research data, clinical data, know-how, computer program, software, software documentation, hardware design, technology, product, processes,
methods, techniques, formulas, compounds, projects, developments, marketing or business plan, forecast, unpublished financial statement,
budget, license, price, cost, customer, supplier or personnel information or employee list that is communicated to, learned of, developed
or otherwise acquired by the Advisor in the course of its service as a consultant to the Company.

5.3 The
Advisors obligations under this Section 5 shall not apply to any information that (i) is or becomes known to the general public
under circumstances involving no breach by the Advisor or others of the terms of this Section 5, (ii) is generally disclosed to third
parties by the Company without restriction on such third parties, or (iii) is approved for release by written authorization of an
officer of the Company.

5.4 The
Advisor agrees that all files, documents, letters, memoranda, reports, records, data sketches, drawings, models, laboratory notebooks,
program listings, computer equipment or devices, computer programs or other written, photographic, or other tangible material containing
Proprietary Information, whether created by the Advisor or others, which shall come into its custody or possession, shall be and are the
exclusive property of the Company to be used by the Advisor only in the performance of its duties for the Company and shall not be copied
or removed from the Companys premises except in the pursuit of the business of the Company. All such materials or copies thereof
and all tangible property of the Company in the custody or possession of the Advisor shall be delivered to the Company, upon the earlier
of (i) a request by the Company or (ii) the termination of this Agreement. After such delivery, the Advisor shall not retain any such
materials or copies thereof or any such tangible property.

5.5 The
Advisor agrees that its obligation not to disclose or to use information and materials of the types set forth in paragraphs (b) and (d)
above, and its obligation to return materials and tangible property set forth in paragraph (d) above extends to such types of information,
materials and tangible property of customers of the Company or suppliers to the Company or other third parties who may have disclosed
or entrusted the same to the Company or to the Advisor.

6. Independent
Contractor Status.

6.1 The
Advisor and its Personnel shall perform all services under this Agreement as independent contractors and not as employees
or agents of the Company. The Advisor and its Personnel are not authorized to assume or create any obligation or responsibility, express
or implied, on behalf of, or in the name of, the Company or to bind the Company in any manner.

-4-

6.2 The
Advisor and its Personnel shall have the right to control and determine the time, place, methods, manner and means of performing the Services.
In performing the Services, the amount of time devoted by the Advisor and its Personnel on any given day will be entirely within the Advisors
and its Personnels control, and the Company will rely on the Advisor and its Personnel to put in the amount of time necessary to
fulfill the requirements of this Agreement. The Advisor and its Personnel will provide all equipment and supplies required to perform
the Services. The Advisor and its Personnel are not required to attend regular meetings at the Company. However, upon reasonable notice,
the Advisor and its Personnel shall meet with representatives of the Company at a location to be designated by the parties to this Agreement.

6.3 In
the performance of the Services, the Advisor and its Personnel have the authority to control and direct the performance of the details
of the Services, the Company being interested only in the results obtained.

6.4 The
Advisor and its Personnel shall not use the Companys trade names, trademarks, service names or service marks without the prior
approval of the Company.

6.5 The
Advisor and its Personnel shall be solely responsible for all federal, state and foreign income and other taxes relating to any compensation
received hereunder.

6.6 Subject
to the Advisors obligations in Section 5 above, the Advisor and its Personnel retain the right to contract with other companies
or entities for their consulting and other services without restriction. Subject to the Companys obligations in any other agreement,
the Company retains a right to contract with other companies and/or individuals for consulting services without restriction.

7. Representations,
Warranties and Covenants.

7.1 The
Advisor hereby covenants that it shall be liable for the acts and omissions of the Personnel, including without limitation any breach
of this Agreement or violation of law.

7.2 The
Advisor hereby represents, warrants and covenants to the Company that it and its Personnel have the skills and experience necessary to
perform the Services, that it and the Personnel will perform said services in a professional, competent and timely manner, that it has
the power to enter into this Agreement and that its and the Personnel performance hereunder will not infringe upon or violate the
rights of any third party or violate any federal, state or municipal laws.

7.3 The
Advisor hereby represents and warrants to the Company that its and its Personnels performance of the terms of this Agreement and
the performance of the Services hereunder as a consultant of the Company do not and will not breach any agreement with any third party
to which the Advisor and/or its Personnel are a party (including, without limitation, any nondisclosure or non-competition agreement),
and that the Advisor and its Personnel will not disclose to the Company or induce the Company to use any confidential or proprietary information
or material belonging to any other person that the Advisor or its Personnel do not have the right to disclose.

-5-

7.4 The
Company hereby represents and warrants to the Advisor that the Companys performance of the terms of this Agreement does not and
will not breach any agreement with any third party to which the Company is a party (including, without limitation, any exclusivity, right
of first refusal, nondisclosure or non-competition agreement), and that the Company will not disclose to the Advisor or its Personnel
or induce any of them to use any confidential or proprietary information or material belonging to any other person that the Company does
not have the right to disclose.

8. Notices.
All notices, consents, waivers, and other communications which are required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing will
be deemed given to a party (a) upon receipt, when personally delivered; (b) one (1) business day after deposit with a nationally recognized
overnight courier service with next day delivery specified, costs prepaid on the date of delivery, if delivered to the appropriate address
by hand or by nationally recognized overnight courier service (costs prepaid); (c) the date of transmission if sent by e-mail with confirmation
of transmission by the transmitting equipment, provided confirmation of email is kept on file, whether electronically or otherwise, by
the sending party and the sending party does not receive an automatically generated message from the recipients email server that such
e-mail could not be delivered to such recipient; (d) the date received or rejected by the addressee, if sent by certified mail, return
receipt requested, postage prepaid; or (e) seven (7) days after the placement of the notice into the mails (first class postage prepaid),
to the party at the address or e-mail address furnished by the such party at each partys address or such other address as any party
shall have furnished to the other parties in writing in accordance with this Section 8.

9. Entire
Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings,
whether written or oral, relating to the subject matter of this Agreement.

10. Amendment.
This Agreement may be amended or modified only by a written instrument executed by both the Company and the Advisor.

11. Non-Assignability
of Contract. Except as expressly provided herein, the Advisor shall not have the right to assign any of its rights or delegate any
of its duties without the express written consent of the Company. Any non-consented-to assignment or delegation, whether express or implied
or by operation of law, shall be void and shall constitute a breach and a default by the Advisor.

12. Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without giving effect
to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule that would cause the application of laws of any other jurisdiction.

13. Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, both parties and their respective permitted successors
and assigns, including any corporation with which, or into which, the Company may be merged or which may succeed to its assets or business,
provided, however, that the obligations of the Advisor are personal and shall not be assigned by Advisor.

-6-

14. Indemnification.
The Company agrees to indemnify Advisor in accordance with the indemnification and other provisions attached to this Agreement as Schedule
B (the Indemnification Provisions), which provisions are incorporated herein by reference and shall survive the
termination or expiration of this Agreement. In addition, Advisor and the Company agree that neither Advisor nor any of its affiliates
or any of their respective officers, directors, controlling persons (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act or Section 20 of the
Exchange Act), employees or agents shall have any liability to the Company, its security holders or creditors, or any person asserting
claims on behalf of or in the right of the Company (whether direct, indirect, in contract, tort, for an act of negligence or otherwise)
for any losses, fees, damages, liabilities, costs, expenses or equitable relief arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the Services
rendered hereunder, except for losses, fees, damages, liabilities, costs or expenses that arise out of or are based on any action of or
failure of Advisor and that are finally and judicially determined to have resulted solely from the gross negligence or willful misconduct
of Advisor.

15. Miscellaneous.

15.1 No
delay or omission by the Company in exercising any right under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of that or any other right. A
waiver or consent given by the Company on any one occasion shall be effective only in that instance and shall not be construed as a bar
or waiver of any right on any other occasion.

15.2 The
captions of the sections of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and in no way define, limit or affect the scope or substance
of any section of this Agreement.

15.3 In
the event that any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid, illegal or otherwise unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability
of the remaining provisions shall in no way be affected or impaired thereby.

15.4 This
Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be enforceable against the parties actually executing such
counterparts, and all of which together shall constitute one instrument. In the event that any signature is delivered by an e-mail, which
contains a copy of an executed signature page such as a portable document format (.pdf) file, such signature shall create a valid and
binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such e-mail
of an executed signature page such as a .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

-7-

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed
this Agreement as of the date and year first above written.

COMPANY:

Unite Acquisition 1 Corp.

By: /s/ Nathan Pereira

Name: Nathan Pereira

Title: CEO

ADVISOR:

Lucius Partners LLC

By: /s/ Matthew Eitner

Name: Matthew Eitner

Title: Managing Member

SIGNATURE PAGE TO ADVISORY
SERVICES AGREEMENT

-8-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>ea023016901ex10-5_adaptin.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF LOCK-UP AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.5

LOCK-UP AGREEMENT

This LOCK-UP AGREEMENT
(this Agreement) is made as of February 11, 2025, by and between the undersigned person or entity (the Restricted
Holder) and Adaptin Bio, Inc. (formerly known as Unite Acquisition 1 Corp.), a Delaware corporation (the Parent).
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Merger Agreement (as defined
below).

WHEREAS,
pursuant to the transactions contemplated under that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated as of
February 11, 2025 (the Merger Agreement), by and among the Parent, Adaptin Acquisition
Co., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Parent (the Merger Sub), and Adaptin Bio, Inc.,
a privately held Delaware corporation (Adaptin), Merger Sub will merge with and into Adaptin, with Adaptin
continuing as the surviving entity, and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Parent, and, among other things, all of the outstanding
stock of Adaptin will be exchanged for shares of common stock of the Parent, par value $0.0001 per share (the Parent
Common Stock) on the terms set forth in the Merger Agreement (the Merger); and

WHEREAS, contemporaneously
with the closing of the Merger, the Parent will complete a private placement offering pursuant to Rule 506(b) of Regulation D under the
Securities Act (the Private Placement Offering) of a minimum of 795,455 Units (as defined below) of the Parents
securities, at a purchase price of $4.40 per Unit (the Per Unit Purchase Price), for an aggregate purchase price
of $3,500,002 (the Minimum Offering Amount), and a maximum of 1,931,819 Units at the Per Unit Purchase Price for
an aggregate purchase price of $8,500,003.60. Each Unit consists of (i) one share of the Parent Common Stock, (ii) a warrant
(the A Warrant), representing the right to purchase one (1) share of Parent Common Stock, exercisable from issuance
until one (1) year after the final closing of the Private Placement Offering at an exercise price of $4.40 per share, and (iii) a warrant
(the B Warrant, and together with the A Warrant, the Warrants), representing the right to purchase
one-half (1/2) share of Parent Common Stock, exercisable from issuance until five (5) years after the final Closing of the Private Placement
Offering at an exercise price of $6.60 per whole share.

NOW, THEREFORE, for
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows:

1. Definitions.

(a) Affiliate
shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).

(b) Business
Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banks in the state of New York are required or authorized
by applicable law to close.

(c) Change
of Control means the transfer (whether by tender offer, merger, consolidation or other similar transaction), in one transaction
or a series of related transactions, to a person or group of Affiliated persons, of the Parents voting securities if, after such
transfer, such person or group of Affiliated persons would hold more than 50% of the outstanding voting securities of the Parent (or the
surviving entity).

(d) Immediate
Family means any relationship by blood, domestic partnership, marriage or adoption, not more remote than first cousin.

(e) Restricted
Period means the period of time commencing on the closing date of the Merger and ending two (2) years after the Parent Common
Stock begins to trade on the OTCQB or OTCQX market maintained by OTC Markets Group, the Nasdaq Stock Market, the New York Stock Exchange
or the NYSE American (each an Approved Market).

(f) Restricted
Securities means all shares of Parent Common Stock held by the Restricted Holder and all securities held by the Restricted
Holder that are convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Parent Common Stock, in each case held immediately following
the closing of the Private Placement Offering or thereafter acquired by any means (including, for the avoidance of doubt, through the
receipt of equity incentive awards from the Parent), and whether held beneficially or of record, but excluding (i) any shares of
Parent Common Stock purchased by the Restricted Holder in the Private Placement Offering, and (ii) any shares of Parent Common Stock received
by the Restricted Holder upon the conversion of the convertible promissory notes of Adaptin.

2. Restrictions.

(a) During the Restricted Period, the Restricted Holder will not, directly or indirectly:

(i) offer, sell,
assign, transfer, pledge, hypothecate, contract to sell, grant an option to purchase or otherwise dispose of, or announce the intention
to so dispose of, any Restricted Securities or (ii) enter into any swap, hedge or similar agreement or arrangement that transfers, in
whole or in part, the economic consequence of ownership of any Restricted Securities (the actions described in clause (i) or (ii) above
being hereinafter referred to as a Disposition). The foregoing restrictions are expressly agreed to preclude the
Restricted Holder from engaging in any hedging or other transaction which is designed to or which reasonably could be expected to lead
to or result in a sale or disposition of any of the Restricted Securities of the Restricted Holder during the Restricted Period, even
if such securities would be disposed of by someone other than the Restricted Holder.

(b) Notwithstanding
anything contained herein to the contrary, the restrictions set forth in Section 2(a) shall not apply to:

(i) if
the Restricted Holder is a natural person, any transfers made by the Restricted Holder (A) to any member of the Immediate Family of the
Restricted Holder or to a trust the direct or indirect beneficiaries of which are exclusively the Restricted Holder or members of the
Restricted Holders Immediate Family, or (B) by bona fide gift, will or intestacy;

(ii) if
the Restricted Holder is a natural person, corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other business entity, any transfers
to a charitable organization, or to any stockholder, partner, manager, director, officer, Affiliate, employee, trustee or member of, or
owner of a similar equity interest in, the Restricted Holder or its Affiliates, or any trust for the benefit of any of the foregoing or
any Affiliate of the foregoing, or any limited partnership in which the Restricted Holder or its Affiliates holds a limited partnership
interest, as the case may be;

(iii) if
the Restricted Holder is a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other business entity, any transfer made by the Restricted
Holder:

(A) in
connection with the sale or other bona fide transfer in a single transaction of all or substantially all of the Restricted Holders
capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests or other similar equity interests, as the case may be, or all or substantially
all of the Restricted Holders assets, in any such case not undertaken for the purpose of avoiding the restrictions imposed by this
Agreement,

2

(B) to
another corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other business entity so long as the transferee is an Affiliate of the
Restricted Holder, or

(C) to
any investment fund or other entity controlling, controlled by, managing or managed by or under common control with the Restricted Holder
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, a fund managed by the same manager or managing member or general partner or management company
or by an entity controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such manager or managing member or general partner or management
company as the Restricted Holder) if such transfer is not for value (for purposes of this paragraph the term control (including
the terms controlling, controlled by and under common control with) shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the
Securities Act);

(iv) if
the Restricted Holder is a trust, to a trustor or beneficiary of the trust if such transfer is not for value;

(v) any
transfers of the Restricted Securities to the Parent upon a vesting event or upon the exercise of options or warrants to purchase the
Parents securities, in each case on a cashless or net exercise basis, including to cover tax withholding
obligations of the Restricted Holder in connection with such vesting or exercise (and for the avoidance of doubt, any securities issued
to the Restricted Holder upon such exercise shall be Restricted Securities subject to the restrictions set forth herein);

(vi) any
transfers of the Restricted Securities pursuant to a court order or by operation of law, including pursuant to a domestic order or a negotiated
divorce settlement;

(vii) any
transfers of the Restricted Securities to the Parent pursuant to agreements under which the Parent has the option to repurchase such Restricted
Securities or the Parent has a right of first refusal with respect to transfers of such Restricted Securities; or

(viii) any
transfers of the Restricted Securities pursuant to a bona fide third-party tender offer, merger, consolidation or other similar transaction
made to all holders of Restricted Securities involving a Change of Control of the Parent (it being further understood that this Agreement
shall not restrict the undersigned from entering into any agreement or arrangement in connection therewith, including an agreement to
vote in favor of, or tender Restricted Securities or other securities of the Parent in, any such transaction or taking any other action
in connection with any such transaction); provided that the restrictions set forth herein shall continue to apply should the completion
of such transaction not occur, and provided, further, that such transaction has been approved by the Board of Directors of the Parent.

provided, however,
that

(A) in the case of any transfer described in clause (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), or (vi) above, it shall be a condition to the transfer that
the transferee execute and deliver to the Parent, not later than one Business Day prior to such transfer, a written agreement in substantially
the form of this Agreement covering the transferred Restricted Securities for the balance of the Restricted Period (it being understood
that any references to Immediate Family in the agreement executed by such transferee shall expressly refer only to the Immediate
Family of the Restricted Holder and not to the Immediate Family of the transferee) and otherwise reasonably satisfactory in form and substance
to the Parent;

3

(B) in the case of any transfer described in clause (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) above, such transfers are not required to be reported under
Section 16 of the Exchange Act, and the Restricted Holder does not otherwise voluntarily effect any public filing or report regarding
such transfers during the Restricted Period (other than a filing on Form 5 or a required filing on Form 4 for bona fide gifts);

(C) in the case of any transfer described in clause (v), (vi) or (vii) above, if the transfer is required to be reported under Section
16 of the Exchange Act, any filing under Section 16 of the Exchange Act related to such transfer shall clearly indicate in the footnotes
thereto that (a) the filing relates to the circumstances described in clause (v), (vi) or (vii) above, as applicable, (b) no shares were
sold by the reporting person and (c) with respect to a transfer described in clause (v) above, any remaining shares received upon exercise
of an option or a warrant (net of any shares transferred in connection with such cashless or net exercise
to cover tax withholding obligations) or the remaining vested shares are subject to a written agreement with the Parent in substantially
the form of this Agreement for the balance of the Restricted Period; and

(D) in the case of any transfer described in clause (viii) above, in the event that the tender offer, merger, consolidation or other such
transaction is not completed, the Restricted Securities owned by the Restricted Holder shall remain subject to the restrictions contained
in this Agreement.

(c) Furthermore,
during the Restricted Period, the Restricted Holder may exercise any rights to purchase, exchange or convert any stock options granted
to the Restricted Holder pursuant to the Parents equity incentive plans or awards existing after the Closing Date or warrants or
any other securities held by the Restricted Holder after the Closing Date, which securities are convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable
for Parent Common Stock, and the Restricted Holder agrees that the shares of Parent Common Stock received upon such exercise, purchase,
exchange or conversion shall be and remain Restricted Securities subject to the terms of this Agreement.

(d) In
addition, the restrictions set forth in Section 2(a) shall not apply to the repurchase of Restricted Securities by the Parent in connection
with the termination of the Restricted Holders employment or other service with the Parent or any of its subsidiaries.

(e) Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, nothing herein shall prevent the Restricted Holder from establishing a 10b5-1 trading plan that complies
with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act (10b5-1 Trading Plan) or from amending an existing 10b5-1 Trading Plan so
long as there are no sales or other Dispositions of Restricted Securities under such plans during the Restricted Period.

(f) In
the event that, during the Restricted Period, the Parent waives any of the restrictions on the transfer of any Restricted Securities held
by any executive officer or director of Parent or any holder of more than five percent (5.0%) of the outstanding Parent Common Stock of
the Parent (on a fully-diluted basis) that is subject to a lock-up agreement similar in terms or form to this Agreement, then Parent shall
be deemed to have also waived, on the same terms, the restrictions set forth in this Agreement that would otherwise have applied to the
undersigned on a pro-rata basis with respect to the same proportion of the undersigneds Restricted Securities subject to this Agreement
as (x) the aggregate Restricted Securities held by such party receiving the waiver that is subject to the waiver bears to (y) the aggregate
Restricted Securities held by such party that is subject to a lock-up agreement similar in terms or form to this Agreement. The provisions
of this paragraph will not apply: (i) unless and until the Parent has first waived more than five percent (5.0%) of the total outstanding
Parent Common Stock (determined as of immediately following the Private Placement Offering and giving effect thereto) from such prohibitions,
(ii) (a) if the release or waiver is effected solely to permit a transfer not involving a disposition for value and (b) the transferee
has agreed in writing to be bound by the same terms described in this Agreement to the extent and for the duration that such terms remain
in effect at the time of the transfer, or (iii) if the release or waiver is granted to a holder of Restricted Securities who participates
in an underwritten public offering during the Restricted Period, whether or not such offering is wholly or partially a secondary offering,
of securities pursuant to a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, provided that the undersigned Restricted
Holder is offered the opportunity to participate in the offering on a pro rata basis. In the event that any percentage of such Restricted
Securities released from the restrictions set forth in this Agreement are subject to any restrictions of the type set forth in this Agreement,
the same restrictions shall be applicable to the release of the same percentage of the undersigneds Restricted Securities. In the
event that, as a result of this paragraph, any Restricted Securities held by the undersigned are released from the restrictions imposed
by this Agreement, Parent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to notify the undersigned within two Business Days thereafter that
the same percentage of aggregate Restricted Securities held by the undersigned has been released from the restrictions set forth in this
Agreement; provided that the failure to give such notice to the undersigned shall not give rise to any claim or liability against the
Parent.

4

3. Legends; Stop Transfer Instructions.

(a) In
addition to any legends to reflect applicable transfer restrictions under federal or state securities laws, each certificate or book entry
representing Restricted Securities shall be stamped or otherwise imprinted with the following legend:

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY ARE
SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF A LOCK-UP AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF FEBRUARY 11, 2025, BETWEEN THE HOLDER HEREOF AND
THE ISSUER, AND MAY ONLY BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS THEREOF.

(b) 
The Restricted Holder hereby agrees and consents to the entry of stop transfer instructions with the Parents transfer agent and
registrar against the transfer of the Restricted Securities except in compliance with this Agreement.

4. Miscellaneous.

(a) Material
Inducement and Consideration. The Restricted Holder acknowledges and agrees that its entering into this Agreement with the Parent
and its covenants and agreements herein are a material inducement to the Parents entering into the Merger Agreement and proceeding
with the Merger and the Private Placement Offering, and Parents so doing constitute valuable consideration to the Restricted Holder.
The Restricted Holder further acknowledges and understands that the Restricted Holders entry into this Agreement is a condition
to the obligation of each of the purchasers in the Private Placement Offering to purchase the Units pursuant to a Subscription Agreement
and that each of the Subscription Agreements provides that the Parent shall not amend, modify, waive or terminate any provision of this
Agreement except to extend the term of the lock-up period and shall enforce the provisions of this Agreement in accordance with its terms.

(b) Specific
Performance. The Restricted Holder agrees that, in the event of any breach or threatened breach by the Restricted Holder of any covenant,
obligation or other provision contained in this Agreement, then money damages would be inadequate and the Parent shall be entitled (in
addition to any other remedy that may be available to the Parent) to seek: (i) a decree or order of specific performance or mandamus to
enforce the observance and performance of such covenant, obligation or other provision; and (ii) an injunction restraining such breach
or threatened breach. The Restricted Holder further agrees that neither the Parent nor any other person or entity shall be required to
obtain, furnish or post any bond or similar instrument in connection with or as a condition to obtaining any remedy referred to in this
Section, and the Restricted Holder irrevocably waives any right that he, she, or it may have to require the obtaining, furnishing or posting
of any such bond or similar instrument.

(c) Other
Agreements. Nothing in this Agreement shall limit any of the rights or remedies of the Parent or Restricted Holder under the Merger
Agreement, or any of the rights, remedies or obligations of the Parent or the Restricted Holder under any other agreement between the
Restricted Holder and the Parent or any certificate or instrument executed by the Restricted Holder in favor of the Parent; and nothing
in the Merger Agreement or in any other agreement, certificate or instrument shall limit any of the rights or remedies of the Parent or
any of the obligations of the Restricted Holder under this Agreement.

5

(d) Notices.
All notices, consents, waivers, and other communications which are required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing
and will be deemed given to a party (i) on the date of delivery, if delivered to the appropriate address by hand or by nationally
recognized overnight courier service (costs prepaid); (ii) the date of transmission if sent by facsimile or e-mail with confirmation
of transmission by the transmitting equipment if such notice or communication is delivered prior to 5:00 P.M., Eastern Time, on a
Business Day, or the next Business Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered on a day that is
not a Business Day or later than 5:00 P.M., Eastern Time, on a Business Day; (iii) the date received or rejected by the addressee,
if sent by certified mail, return receipt requested; or (iv) seven days after the placement of the notice into the mails (first
class postage prepaid), to the party at the address, facsimile number, or e-mail address furnished by such party,

If to the Parent: With a copy (which copy shall not constitute notice hereunder) to:

Adaptin Bio, In. Wyrick Robbins Yates & Ponton LLP

3540 Toringdon Way, 4101 Lake Boone Trail, Suite 300

Suite 200, #250 Raleigh, NC 27607

Charlotte, NC 28277 Attention: Donald R. Reynolds

Attention Michael J. Roberts Email: dreynolds@wyrick.com

Email: mroberts@adaptin.com 

If to the Restricted Holder:

To the address set forth on the signature page hereto.

Any party may give
any notice, request, demand, claim or other communication hereunder using any other means (including personal delivery, expedited courier,
messenger service, telecopy, telex, ordinary mail or electronic mail), but no such notice, request, demand, claim or other communication
shall be deemed to have been duly given unless and until it actually is received by the party for whom it is intended. Any party may change
the address to which notices, requests, demands, claims, and other communications hereunder are to be delivered by giving the other party
notice in the manner herein set forth.

(e) Severability.
Any term or provision of this Agreement that is invalid or unenforceable in any situation in any jurisdiction shall not affect the validity
or enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions hereof or the validity or enforceability of the offending term or provision in
any other situation or in any other jurisdiction. If the final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction declares that any term or
provision hereof is invalid or unenforceable, the parties hereto agree that the court making such determination shall have the power to
limit the term or provision, to delete specific words or phrases, or to replace any invalid or unenforceable term or provision with a
term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid or unenforceable term
or provision, and this Agreement shall be enforceable as so modified. In the event such court does not exercise the power granted to it
in the prior sentence, the parties hereto agree to replace such invalid or unenforceable term or provision with a valid and enforceable
term or provision that will achieve, to the extent possible, the economic, business and other purposes of such invalid or unenforceable
term.

6

(f) Applicable
Law; Jurisdiction. THIS AGREEMENT IS MADE UNDER, AND SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF
NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO AGREEMENTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED SOLELY THEREIN, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW.

(g) Waiver;
Termination. No failure on the part of the Parent to exercise any power, right, privilege or remedy under this Agreement, and no delay
on the part of the Parent in exercising any power, right, privilege or remedy under this Agreement, shall operate as a waiver of such
power, right, privilege or remedy; and no single or partial exercise of any such power, right, privilege or remedy shall preclude any
other or further exercise thereof or of any other power, right, privilege or remedy. The Parent shall not be deemed to have waived any
claim arising out of this Agreement, or any power, right, privilege or remedy under this Agreement, unless the waiver of such claim, power,
right, privilege or remedy is expressly set forth in a written instrument duly executed and delivered on behalf of the Parent; and any
such waiver shall not be applicable or have any effect except in the specific instance in which it is given. If the Merger Agreement is
terminated prior to Closing, this Agreement shall thereupon terminate.

(h) Captions.
The captions contained in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only, shall not be deemed to be a part of this Agreement and
shall not be referred to in connection with the construction or interpretation of this Agreement.

(i) Further
Assurances. The Restricted Holder hereby represents and warrants that the Restricted Holder has full power and authority to enter
into this Agreement and that this Agreement has been duly authorized (if the Restricted Holder is not a natural person), executed and
delivered by the Restricted Holder and is a valid and binding agreement of the Restricted Holder.

(j) Entire
Agreement. This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding of the Parent and the Restricted Holder relating to the subject matter
hereof and supersedes all other prior agreements and understandings between the Parent and the Restricted Holder relating to the subject
matter hereof.

(k) Non-Exclusivity.
The rights and remedies of the Parent hereunder are not exclusive of or limited by any other rights or remedies which the Parent may have,
whether at law, in equity, by contract or otherwise, all of which shall be cumulative (and not alternative).

(l) Amendments.
This Agreement may not be amended, modified, altered or supplemented other than by means of a written instrument duly executed and delivered
on behalf of the Parent and the Restricted Holder.

(m) Binding
Nature. This Agreement and all authority herein conferred are irrevocable and shall survive the death or incapacity of the Restricted
Holder (if a natural person) and shall be binding upon the heirs, personal representatives, successors and assigns of the Restricted Holder.

(n) Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and both of which shall constitute
one and the same instrument.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

7

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
has executed and delivered this Agreement as of the date first set forth above.

RESTRICTED HOLDER (individual) RESTRICTED HOLDER (entity)

Signature Name of Entity

By: 

Print Name Signature

Print Name: 

Signature (if Joint Tenants or Tenants in 

Common) 

Title: 

Address of Principal Residence: Address of Executive Offices:

E-mail Address: E-mail Address:

[Signature Page to Lock-up Agreement]

8

Acknowledged and Agreed: 

ADAPTIN BIO, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Lock-up Agreement]

9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>ea023016901ex10-6_adaptin.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF INDEMNITY AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.6

INDEMNITY AGREEMENT

This Indemnity Agreement (the
Agreement), dated as of ____________, 2025 is entered into by and among Unite Acquisition 1 Corp., a Delaware
corporation (the Parent), Adaptin Bio, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Adaptin and together
with the Parent, the Companies), and the undersigned Indemnitee (the Indemnitee).

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, Indemnitee is a director
on the board of directors of the Parent (the Board of Directors) and/or an officer of the Parent, as well as a director
and/or an officer of Merger Sub (hereinafter defined), and in such capacity(ies) is performing valuable services for the Parent; and

WHEREAS, the Parent, Adaptin
Acquisition Co. (the Merger Sub), a Delaware corporation, and Adaptin plan to enter into an Agreement and Plan of
Merger and Reorganization (the Merger Agreement) substantially concurrently with the date hereof, pursuant to which,
among other things, Merger Sub shall merge with and into Adaptin, with Adaptin remaining as the surviving entity and a wholly-owned operating
subsidiary of the Parent (the Merger); and

WHEREAS, it is intended that
Indemnitee shall be paid promptly by the Companies all amounts necessary to effectuate in full the indemnity provided herein;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises and the covenants in this Agreement, and of Indemnitee and the Companies intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties
hereto agree as follows:

1. Indemnification.
Subject to the limitations set forth herein and in Section 5 hereof, the Companies hereby agree to indemnify Indemnitee
as follows:

The Companies shall, from
and after the Effective Time (as defined in the Merger Agreement), with respect to any Proceeding (as hereinafter defined), indemnify
Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by (in the case of the Parent) Section 145 of the General Corporation Law of the State
of Delaware (the DGCL) and the certificate of incorporation and by-laws of the Parent or Merger Sub in effect on
the date hereof or as such law or constitutive document may from time to time be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only
to the extent such amendment permits the relevant Company to provide broader indemnification rights than applicable law or constitutive
document permitted the applicable Company to provide before such amendment). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Companies shall not be
required to indemnify Indemnitee for acts or omissions of Indemnitee constituting fraud, bad faith, gross negligence or intentional misconduct.
The right to indemnification conferred herein and in the constitutive documents of the Companies shall be presumed to have been relied
upon by Indemnitee in serving the Parent and shall be enforceable as a contract right. Without in any way diminishing the scope of the
indemnification provided by this Section 1, the Companies will, from and after the Effective Time, indemnify Indemnitee
against Expenses (as hereinafter defined) and Liabilities (as hereinafter defined) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on
their behalves in connection with the investigation, defense, settlement or appeal of such Proceeding. In addition to, and not as a limitation
of, the foregoing, the rights of indemnification of Indemnitee provided under this Agreement shall include those rights set forth in Section 7 below.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, from and after the Effective Time, the Companies shall be required to indemnify Indemnitee in connection
with a Proceeding commenced by Indemnitee (other than a Proceeding commenced by Indemnitee to enforce Indemnitees rights under
this Agreement) only if the commencement of such Proceeding was authorized by the Board of Directors following the Effective Time. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, the Parent shall have no obligation to indemnify the Indemnitee to the extent such indemnification
would not be permitted under Section 145 of the DGCL or the Parents certificate of incorporation in effect on the date hereof.

2. Presumptions
and Effect of Certain Proceedings. Upon making a request for indemnification, Indemnitee shall be presumed to be entitled to indemnification
under this Agreement, and the Companies shall have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption in reaching any contrary determination.
Except as determined by a judgment or other final adjudication adverse to Indemnitee, the termination of any Proceeding by judgment, order,
settlement, arbitration award or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not affect this presumption or
establish a presumption with regard to any factual matter relevant to determining Indemnitees rights to indemnification hereunder.

3. Advancement
of Expenses. To the extent not prohibited by law, from and after the Effective Time, the Companies shall advance the Expenses or Liabilities
incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding, and such advancement shall be made within thirty (30) calendar days after
the receipt by the Companies of a statement or statements requesting such advances (which shall include invoices received by Indemnitee
in connection with such Expenses or Liabilities but, in the case of invoices in connection with legal services, any references to legal
work performed or to expenditures made that would cause Indemnitee to waive any privilege accorded by applicable law shall not be included
with the invoice) and upon request of the Companies, an undertaking to repay the advancement of Expenses or Liabilities if and to the
extent that it is ultimately determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final judgment, not subject to appeal, that Indemnitee
is not entitled to be indemnified by the Companies. Advances shall be unsecured, interest free and without regard to Indemnitees
ability to repay the expenses. Advances shall include any and all Expenses and/or Liabilities actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee
pursuing an action to enforce Indemnitees right to indemnification under this Agreement, or otherwise and this right of advancement,
including Expenses and/or Liabilities incurred preparing and forwarding statements to the Company to support the advances claimed. Indemnitee
acknowledges that the execution and delivery of this Agreement shall constitute an undertaking providing that Indemnitee shall, to the
fullest extent required by law, repay the advance if and to the extent that it is ultimately determined by a court of competent jurisdiction
in a final judgment, not subject to appeal, that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company. The right to advances under
this Section shall continue until final disposition of any proceeding, including any appeal therein. This Section 3 shall
not apply to any claim made by Indemnitee for which indemnity is excluded pursuant to Section 14(d)(ii) below.

2

4. Procedure
for Determination of Entitlement to Indemnification.

(a) Whenever
Indemnitee believes that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Agreement, Indemnitee shall submit a written request
for indemnification or advancement of expenses to the Companies. Any request for indemnification or advancement of expenses shall include
sufficient documentation or information reasonably available to Indemnitee for the determination of entitlement to indemnification or
advancement of expenses. In any event, Indemnitee shall submit Indemnitees claim for indemnification or advancement of expenses
within a reasonable time, not to exceed sixty calendar (60) days after any judgment, order, settlement, dismissal, arbitration award,
conviction, acceptance of a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, or final termination, whichever is the later date for which Indemnitee
requests indemnification.

(b) Independent
Legal Counsel (as hereinafter defined) shall determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification or advancement of expenses. Determination
of Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification or advancement of expenses shall be made not later than ninety calendar (90) days
after the Companies receipt of Indemnitees written request for such indemnification or advancement of expenses, provided
that any request for indemnification or advancement of expenses for Liabilities, other than amounts paid in settlement, shall have been
made after a determination thereof in a Proceeding.

5. Specific
Limitations on Indemnification. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Companies shall not be obligated under
this Agreement to make any indemnity or payment to Indemnitee in connection with any claim against Indemnitee:

(a) to
the extent that payment is actually made to Indemnitee under any insurance policy, contract, agreement or otherwise or is made to Indemnitee
by either of the Companies or affiliates otherwise than pursuant to this Agreement. Notwithstanding the availability of such insurance,
Indemnitee also may claim indemnification from the Companies pursuant to this Agreement by assigning to the Companies any claims under
such insurance to the extent Indemnitee is paid by the Companies;

(b) for
Liabilities in connection with Proceedings settled without the Companies consent, which consent, however, shall not be unreasonably
withheld;

(c) in
no event shall the Companies be liable to pay the fees and disbursements of more than one counsel in any single Proceeding except to the
extent that, in the written opinion of counsel of the Indemnitee, the Indemnitee has conflicting interests in the outcome of such Proceeding;

(d) to
the extent it would be otherwise prohibited by law, if so established by a judgment or other final adjudication adverse to Indemnitee;

(e) for
an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Companies within the
meaning of Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or similar provisions of state statutory law or common
law;

3

(f) in
connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding)
initiated by Indemnitee against the Companies or their directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the commencement
of such Proceeding was authorized by the Board of Directors (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation and following the
Effective Time, or (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company
under applicable law; or

(g) for
any reimbursement of the Companies by Indemnitee of any bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation or of any profits
realized by Indemnitee from the sale of securities of the Companies, as required in each case under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (including any such reimbursements that arise from an accounting restatement of the Company pursuant to Section 304 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), or the payment to the Companies of profits arising
from the purchase and sale by Indemnitee of securities in violation of Section 306 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), if Indemnitee is held
liable therefor.

6. Fees
and Expenses of Independent Legal Counsel. The Companies agree to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Legal Counsel
and to fully indemnify such Independent Legal Counsel against any and all reasonable expenses and losses incurred by any of them arising
out of or relating to this Agreement or their engagement pursuant hereto.

7. Remedies
of Indemnitee.

(a) In
the event that (i) a determination pursuant to Section 4 hereof is made that Indemnitee is not entitled to
indemnification, (ii) payment has not been timely made following a determination of entitlement to indemnification pursuant to this
Agreement, (iii) the person or persons empowered to make a determination pursuant to Section 4 hereof shall have failed
to make the requested determination within ninety calendar (90) days after the Companies receipt of Indemnitees written
request for such indemnification or advancement of expenses, or (iv) Indemnitee otherwise seeks enforcement of this Agreement, Indemnitee
shall be entitled to a final adjudication in a court of competent jurisdiction in the State of Delaware of the remedy sought.

(b) If
a determination that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification has been made pursuant to Section 4 hereof or is
deemed to have been made pursuant to Section 4 hereof or otherwise pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, the
Companies shall be bound by such determination in the absence of a misrepresentation or omission of a material fact by Indemnitee in connection
with such determination.

(c) The
Companies shall be precluded from asserting that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable.
The Companies shall stipulate in any such court or before any such arbitrator that the Companies are bound by all the provisions of this
Agreement and are precluded from making any assertion to the contrary.

(d) Expenses
reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with Indemnitees request for indemnification under, seeking enforcement of or to
recover damages for breach of this Agreement shall be borne by the Companies when and as incurred by Indemnitee, to the extent it is determined
that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification hereunder.

4

8. Contribution.
To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, in the event the Companies are obligated to indemnify Indemnitee under this Agreement
and the indemnification provided for herein is unavailable to Indemnitee for any reason whatsoever, the Companies, in lieu of indemnifying
Indemnitee, shall contribute to the amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, fines, penalties, excise taxes, amounts paid
or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with any claim relating to an indemnifiable event under this Agreement,
in such proportion as is deemed fair and reasonable in light of all of the circumstances of such Proceeding in order to reflect (i) the
relative benefits received by the Companies and Indemnitee as a result of the event(s) and/or transaction(s) giving cause to such Proceeding;
and/or (ii) the relative fault of the Companies (and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents) and Indemnitee
in connection with such event(s) and/or transaction(s).

9. Modification,
Waiver, Termination and Cancellation. No supplement, modification, termination, cancellation or amendment of this Agreement shall
be binding unless executed in writing by all of the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed
or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions hereof (whether or not similar), nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

10. Subrogation.
In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Companies shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights
of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and shall do everything that may be necessary to secure such rights,
including the execution of such documents necessary to enable the Companies effectively to bring suit to enforce such rights.

11. Notice
by Indemnitee and Defense of Claim. Indemnitee shall promptly notify the Companies in writing upon being served with any summons,
citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any matter, whether civil, criminal, administrative
or investigative for which such Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification or an advancement of expenses hereunder, but the omission so
to notify the Companies will not relieve it from any liability that it may have to Indemnitee if such omission does not prejudice the
Companies rights. If such omission does prejudice the Companies rights, the Companies will be relieved from liability only
to the extent of such prejudice. No such omission shall relieve the Companies of any liability they may otherwise have to Indemnitee outside
of this Agreement under applicable law, the Companies constitutive documents or any agreements.

5

12. Notices.
All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly delivered and received hereunder
(a) one business day after being sent for next business day delivery, fees prepaid, via a reputable international overnight courier
service, (b) upon delivery in the case of delivery by hand, or (c) on the date delivered in the place of delivery if sent by
email (with a written or electronic confirmation of delivery from the recipient, excluding any automated response) prior to 5:00 p.m.
Eastern time, otherwise on the next succeeding business day, in each case to the intended recipient as set forth below:

(a) If to the Parent Unite Acquisition 1 Corp.

(prior to Merger closing): 12 E. 49th Street, 11th Floor

New York, NY 10017

Attention: Nathan P. Pereira, CEO

(b) If to Adaptin: Adaptin Bio, Inc.

3540 Toringdon Way, Suite 200, #250

Charlotte, NC 28277

Attention: Michael J. Roberts

Email: roberts@adaptinbio.com

With copy to (which copy shall not constitute Wyrick Robbins Yates & Ponton LLP

notice hereunder): 4101 Lake Boone Trail, Suite 300

Raleigh, NC 27607

Attention: Donald R. Reynolds

Email: dreynolds@wyrick.com

(c) If to Indemnitee: The address set forth on the signature page hereto.

or any party may change the address to which notices,
requests, demands, claims and other communications hereunder are to be delivered by giving the other parties notice in the manner herein
set forth.

13. Non-Exclusivity.
The rights of Indemnitee hereunder shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may be entitled under applicable
law, the Companies constitutive documents, or any agreements, vote of stockholders, resolution of the Boards of Directors or otherwise
with respect to any Proceeding (as hereinafter defined) associated with Indemnitee acting in his official capacity as an officer and director
of the Parent arising out of or pertaining to actions relating to the approval of and entering into the Merger Agreement, the Transaction
Documentation (as defined in the Merger Agreement), the Merger and each of the transactions contemplated thereby, whether asserted or
claimed prior to, at or after the Effective Time.

14. Certain
Definitions.

(a) Expenses
shall include all direct and indirect costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees, retainers, court costs,
transcripts, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage,
delivery service fees, all other disbursements or out-of-pocket expenses) actually and reasonably incurred in connection with either the
investigation, defense, settlement or appeal of a Proceeding or establishing or enforcing a right to indemnification under this Agreement,
applicable law or otherwise; provided, however, that Expenses shall not include any Liabilities.

6

(b) Independent
Legal Counsel means a law firm or a member of a firm selected by the Companies and approved by Indemnitee (which approval shall
not be unreasonably withheld). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Legal Counsel shall not include any person
who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either
the Companies or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitees right to indemnification under this Agreement.

(c) Liabilities
means liabilities of any type whatsoever including, but not limited to, any judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes and penalties, penalties
and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect
of such judgments, fines, penalties or amounts paid in settlement) of any Proceeding.

(d) Proceeding
means any threatened, pending or completed action, claim, suit, arbitration, alternative dispute resolution mechanism, investigation,
administrative hearing or any other proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, that (i) is asserted or claimed
or otherwise arises after the Effective Time, (ii) is associated with Indemnitees actions as an officer and/or director of
the Parent arising out of or pertaining to actions relating to the approval of and entering into the Merger Agreement, the Transaction
Documentation (as defined in the Merger Agreement), the Merger and each of the transactions contemplated thereby, including any action
brought by or in the right of the Parent or Merger Sub, and (iii) is not initiated or brought by one or more Indemnitee(s).

15. Binding
Effect; Duration and Scope of Agreement. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the
parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation
or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Companies), spouses, heirs and personal and legal representatives.
This Agreement shall continue in effect for six (6) years subsequent to the date of this Agreement, regardless of whether Indemnitee
continues to serve as director or an officer of the Parent.

16. Severability.
If any provision or provisions of this Agreement (or any portion thereof) shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any
reason whatsoever:

(a) the validity, legality
and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby; and

(b) to the fullest extent
legally possible, the provisions of this Agreement shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent of any provision held invalid,
illegal or unenforceable.

17. Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, as applied
to contracts between Delaware residents entered into and to be performed entirely within the State of Delaware, without regard to conflict
of laws rules.

18. Consent
to Jurisdiction. The Companies and Indemnitee each irrevocably consent to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Delaware
for all purposes in connection with any action or Proceeding that arises out of or relates to this Agreement and agree that any action
instituted under this Agreement shall be brought only in the state courts of the State of Delaware.

19. Entire
Agreement. This Agreement represents the entire agreement between the parties hereto, and there are no other agreements, contracts
or understandings between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement.

20. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of
which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. This Agreement and any documents relating to it may be executed and transmitted
to any other party by email of a PDF, which PDF shall be deemed to be, and utilized in all respects as, an original, wet-inked document.

[Signature Page Follows]

7

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first written above.

UNITE ACQUISITION 1 CORP.

By: 

Name: 

Its: 

ADAPTIN BIO, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Its: 

INDEMNITEE

By: 

Name: 

Address: 

[Signature Page to Indemnity Agreement] 

8
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ea023016901ex10-7_adaptin.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT BY AND AMONG THE COMPANY AND THE PARTIES THERETO
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.7

SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT

This Subscription Agreement (this Agreement)
has been entered into by and between the purchaser set forth on the Omnibus Signature Page hereof (the Purchaser)
and Unite Acquisition 1 Corp, (to be renamed Adaptin Bio, Inc. upon consummation of the Merger (as defined below)),
a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with the private placement offering (the Offering)
by the Company.

R E C I T A L S

A.
The Company is offering a minimum of 795,455 Units (as defined below) of the Companys securities, at a purchase price of $4.40
per Unit (the Per Unit Purchase Price), for an aggregate purchase price of $3,500,002 (the Minimum
Offering Amount), and a maximum of 1,931,819 Units at the Per Unit Purchase Price for an aggregate purchase price of $8,500,003.60.
Each Unit consists of (i) one share of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Common
Stock), (ii) a warrant, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto (the A Warrant),
representing the right to purchase one (1) share of Common Stock, exercisable from issuance until one (1) year after the final Closing
of the Offering at an exercise price of $4.40 per share, and (iii) a warrant, substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto (the
B Warrant, and together with the A Warrant, the Warrants), representing the right
to purchase one-half (1/2) share of Common Stock, exercisable from issuance until five (5) years after the final Closing of the Offering
at an exercise price of $6.60 per whole share.

B.
The Initial Closing (as defined below) in an amount no less than the Minimum Offering Amount is contingent upon, and shall be consummated
simultaneously with, the closing of a reverse triangular merger in accordance with the terms of that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger,
dated as of the Initial Closing Date (as defined below) (the Merger Agreement), by and among the Company,
Adaptin Acquisition Co., a Delaware corporation (Merger-Sub) and wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company, and
Adaptin Bio, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Adaptin), pursuant to which Merger-Sub will merge
with and into Adaptin, with Adaptin surviving the merger as a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company (the Merger),
and pursuant to which all of the outstanding capital stock of Adaptin will be cancelled in exchange for shares of the Companys
Common Stock, and all outstanding Adaptin options and warrants (if any) will be either cancelled or assumed by, or exchanged for new securities
to acquire Common Stock of, the Company, at the same ratio at which outstanding shares of capital stock of Adaptin are exchanged, with
appropriate adjustments to the per share exercise or conversion price thereof, and otherwise on their original terms and conditions. The
total number of shares of the Companys Common Stock that will be issued to pre-Merger stockholders of Adaptin or reserved for issuance
upon exercise of warrants, options and any other convertible securities of Adaptin is expected to be 3,883,709 (subject to rounding for
fractions) shares, which includes shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance under outstanding pre-Merger Adaptin incentive options
and other incentive awards to be assumed by, or exchanged for options and other incentive awards of, the Company. Before the Initial Closing,
the Companys board of directors (the Board of Directors) will have adopted an equity incentive plan
reserving a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 15% of the shares to be outstanding after completion of the Merger and the final
Closing (as defined below) of the Offering, on a fully diluted basis (assuming exercise or conversion of all then-outstanding Common Stock
equivalents), for the future issuance, at the discretion of the Board, of options and other incentive awards to officers, key employees,
consultants and directors of the Company and its Subsidiaries (the EIP). Holders of Common Stock of the Company
prior to the Merger will retain in the aggregate 3,250,000 shares of Common Stock after the Merger. On or before the consummation of the
Merger, the Company will change its name to Adaptin Bio, Inc., and Adaptin will change its name to Adaptin Bio Operating
Corporation.

C.
One or more current security holders of Adaptin or its Affiliates (as defined below) or its or their officers, directors, shareholders
or employees may (but are not obligated to) purchase Units in the Offering (an Adaptin Investment), and to
the extent they do so, such purchases will be counted towards the achievement of the Minimum Offering Amount. The Placement Agent (as
defined below) or its Affiliates or its or their officers, directors, shareholders or employees may (but are not obligated to) also purchase
shares of Common Stock in the Offering (a Placement Agent Investment), and to the extent they do so, such
purchases will also be counted towards the achievement of the Minimum Offering Amount.

D.
None of the Units (as defined below) subscribed for pursuant to this Agreement nor the shares of Common Stock included therein (the Shares)
nor the Warrants nor the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants (the Warrant Shares)
(all of the foregoing sometimes referred to herein collectively as the Securities) have been registered under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the Securities Act)
or any state or foreign securities Law. The Offering is being made on a reasonable best efforts basis to accredited investors,
as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act, in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D. For purposes of this Agreement, Law or Laws
means any federal, state, local or foreign or provincial statute, law (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any statutory, common, or
civil law), ordinance, rule, regulation, order, injunction, decree or agency requirement having the force of law or any undertaking to
or agreement with any Governmental Authority (as defined below).

E. At
the Initial Closing, $1,500,000 aggregate principal amount of Adaptins outstanding 10% convertible promissory notes (the Bridge
Notes), plus accrued interest thereon, shall convert into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price of $3.30 per share.

F.
The parties intend to treat the Merger, together with the Initial Closing and the Subsequent Closing, if relevant, as part of a transaction
that is described in Section 351(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), to the extent
property is exchanged for stock as described therein.

AGREEMENT

The Company and the Purchaser hereby agree as
follows:

1. Subscription.

(a) Purchase
and Sale of the Units.

(i) Subject
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Purchaser agrees to purchase, and the Company agrees to sell and issue to the Purchaser,
that number of Units set forth on the Purchasers Omnibus Signature Page attached hereto at the Per Unit Purchase Price, for a total
aggregate purchase price for the Units as set forth on such Omnibus Signature Page (the Purchase Price). The
minimum subscription amount for each purchaser in the Offering is $110,000 (or 25,000 Units). The Company may accept subscriptions for
less than $110,000 from any Purchaser in the Offering in its sole discretion. For the purposes of this Agreement, Units
means the shares of Common Stock issued and sold to the Purchaser hereunder in the Offering at the Initial Closing (as defined below)
and at any Subsequent Closing (as defined below).

2

(ii) In
connection with the Offering, the Company has entered or will enter into other subscription agreements in the same form and containing
the same terms and conditions as this Agreement for Units (Other Units) (each, an Other Subscription
Agreement) with purchasers in the Offering other than the Purchaser (collectively, Other Purchasers).

(b) Subscription
Procedure; Closing.

(i) Initial
Closing. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the initial closing of the Offering shall take place upon the satisfaction
(or waiver as provided herein) of the conditions set forth in Section 5 and Section 6 of this Agreement (other than those conditions that
by their nature will be satisfied at the Closing, but subject to the satisfaction (or waiver as provided herein) of such conditions) or
at such other time and place as is mutually agreed to by the Company and the Placement Agent contingent
upon and simultaneously with the closing of the Merger (the Initial Closing and the date that the Initial
Closing occurs, the Initial Closing Date).

(ii) Subsequent
Closings. At any time prior to February 28, 2025, or at such later date as the Company and Placement Agent may mutually agree, without
notice to or consent from the Purchaser or any Other Purchaser, subject to the satisfaction (or waiver as provided herein) of the conditions
set forth in Section 5 and Section 6 of this Agreement (other than those conditions that by their nature will be satisfied at the Closing,
but subject to the satisfaction (or waiver as provided herein) of such conditions) (each a Subsequent Closing
and collectively the Subsequent Closings and the date that a Subsequent Closing occurs, a Subsequent
Closing Date), the Company may sell additional shares of Common Stock up to the Maximum Offering Amount (collectively,
the Subsequent Closing Units) to such persons as may be approved by the Company and who are reasonably acceptable
to the Placement Agent, including the Purchaser. Any Subsequent Closing Units issued and sold to the Purchaser pursuant to this Section 1(b)(ii)
shall be deemed to be Units for all purposes under this Agreement.

The Initial Closing
and the Subsequent Closings, if any, shall be known collectively herein as the Closings or individually as
a Closing. The Initial Closing Date and the Subsequent Closing Dates are each referred to herein as a Closing
Date. Closings may take place remotely via the exchange by electronic transmission of documents and signatures.

(iii) Subscription
Procedure. To complete a subscription for the Units, the Purchaser must fully comply with the subscription procedure provided in subparagraphs
(A) through (D) of this paragraph (iii) on or before the applicable Closing Date:

(A) Subscription
Documents. At or before the applicable Closing, the Purchaser shall review, complete and execute the Omnibus Signature Page to this
Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto (the Registration
Rights Agreement), the Selling Securityholder Questionnaire (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement), the
Purchaser Profile, and the Accredited Investor Certification, attached hereto following the Omnibus Signature Page (collectively, the
Subscription Documents), and deliver the Subscription Documents to the party indicated thereon at the address
set forth under the caption How to subscribe for Units in the private offering of Unite Acquisition 1 Corp. (to be renamed
Adaptin Bio, Inc. below. Executed documents may be delivered to such party by facsimile or .pdf sent by electronic
mail (e-mail).

3

(B) Purchase
Price. At or before the applicable Closing, the Purchaser shall deliver to Flagstar Bank, N.A., in its capacity as escrow agent
(the Escrow Agent), under an escrow agreement among the Company, Adaptin, the Placement Agent and the Escrow
Agent (the Escrow Agreement) the full Purchase Price set forth on the
Purchasers Omnibus Signature Page attached hereto, by certified or other bank check or by wire transfer of immediately available
funds, pursuant to the instructions set forth under the caption How to subscribe for Units in the private offering of
Unite Acquisition 1 Corp. (to be renamed Adaptin Bio, Inc. below. Such funds will be held for the Purchasers
benefit in the escrow account established for the Offering (the Escrow Account), without interest
or offset.

(C) Termination.
This Agreement shall terminate automatically and be of no further force and effect, and any amounts deposited into the Escrow Account
by or on behalf of the Purchaser shall be returned to the Purchaser or its designee promptly, without interest or offset, if (i) the Purchaser
and the Company agree in writing to terminate this Agreement prior to the applicable Closing, (ii) the
subscription has been revoked in full by the Purchaser in accordance with Section 8, (iii) prior to the applicable Closing,
in the Purchasers sole and absolute discretion, upon written notice to the Company, if any representation or warranty of the Company
set forth in Section 3 hereof shall be or shall have become inaccurate or the Company shall have breached or failed to perform
any of its covenants or other agreements set forth in this Agreement, which inaccuracy, breach or failure to perform would give rise to
the failure to satisfy any of the conditions set forth in Section 6(a) or Section 6(b) of this Agreement and which inaccuracy,
breach or failure to perform cannot be cured by the Company or, if capable of being cured, is not cured within two (2) Business Days of
the Purchasers notice to the Company thereof; or (iv) the Merger Agreement is terminated pursuant to its terms. For the purposes
of this Agreement, Business Day means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which commercial banks in
New York City are open for the general transaction of business. The Company shall promptly (and in any event within one (1) Business Day)
provide the Purchaser with written notice of the termination of the Merger Agreement.

(D) Company
Discretion. The Purchaser understands and agrees that, prior to the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company, the Company
in its sole discretion reserves the right to accept or reject this subscription for Units, in whole or in part. The Company and the Purchaser
shall have no obligation hereunder until the Company shall execute and deliver to the Purchaser an executed copy of this Agreement.

4

(iv) Deliveries
at Closing. On or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Purchaser the following:

(A) this Agreement
duly executed by the Company;

(B) a copy of the
irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver, on an expedited basis, a certificate (or at
the request of the Purchaser, book entry statement) evidencing a number of Shares included in the Units being purchased by the Purchaser
at the Closing, as set forth in the Purchasers Omnibus Signature Page, registered in the name of the Purchaser (but notwithstanding
the foregoing, upon the Closing, the Purchaser shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of such
Shares, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Shares to the Purchaser;

(C) a duly executed
A Warrant, registered in the name of the Purchaser, to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of Shares
included in the Units being purchased by the Purchaser at the Closing;

(D) a duly executed
B Warrant, registered in the name of the Purchaser, to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to one half (1/2) (with
any fraction rounded up to the nearest whole share) of the number of Shares included in the Units being purchased by the Purchaser at
the Closing; and

(E) the certificates,
legal opinion and other documents set forth in Section 6 below.

Transfer
Agent means Vstock Transfer, LLC, with a mailing address of 18 Lafayette Place, Woodmere, New York 11598, and any successor
transfer agent of the Company for the Common Stock.

2. Placement
Agent. Laidlaw & Company (UK) Ltd. (Laidlaw or the Placement Agent),
a U.S.-registered broker-dealer, has been engaged by the Company as the Companys placement agent, on a reasonable best efforts
basis, for the Offering. The Placement Agent (a) will be paid at each Closing from the Offering proceeds a total cash placement fee of
ten percent (10.0%) of the gross Purchase Price paid by the Purchaser and the aggregate gross purchase price paid by all Other Purchasers
in the Offering at that Closing (the Cash Fee), (b) will be paid at each Closing from the Offering proceeds
a total non-allocable expense allowance equal to two percent (2.0%) of the gross Purchase Price paid by the Purchaser and the aggregate
gross purchase price paid by all Other Purchasers in the Offering at that Closing (the Expense Allowance),
(c) will be paid a cash fee of ten percent (10.0%) of the gross proceeds delivered to the Company upon any cash exercises of a Warrant,
and (d) will receive warrants to purchase a total number of shares of Common Stock equal to ten percent (10.0%) of the sum of (i) the
number of shares of Common Stock included in the Units sold in the Offering at that Closing and (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon exercise of the Warrants included in the Units sold in the Offering at that Closing, with a term expiring seven (7) years
after the final Closing Date and an exercise price of $4.40 per share (the Placement Agent Warrants). Any sub-agent of
the Placement Agent that introduces investors to the Offering will be entitled to share in the Cash Fee, Expense Allowance and Placement
Agent Warrants attributable to those investors pursuant to the terms of an executed sub-agent agreement with such Placement
Agent. The Company has agreed to pay certain other expenses of the Placement Agent, including the fees and expenses of its counsel, in
connection with the Offering.

5

3. Representations
and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in (i) the Disclosure Schedule delivered to the Purchaser prior to or concurrently
with the execution of this Agreement (the Disclosure Schedule), or (ii) the Confidential Private Placement
Memorandum for the Offering, as the same may be supplemented or amended (the PPM) delivered to the Purchaser
by the Company or the Placement Agent or any of their respective representatives (but excluding any disclosures (whether contained under
the heading Risk Factors, in any forward-looking statements disclaimer or in any other section) to the extent
they are cautionary, predictive or forward-looking in nature), the Company hereby represents and warrants to the Purchaser, as of the
applicable Closing Date and after giving effect to the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the following
(provided that, (x) as used in this Section 3, the term Subsidiaries shall be construed to include Adaptin as of
each applicable Closing Date, and (y) any qualification as to knowledge shall refer to the knowledge of the officers of
the Company after giving effect to the Merger and of Adaptin, in each case, both actual knowledge or knowledge that they would have had
upon reasonable inquiry of the personnel of the Company or Adaptin, as applicable, responsible for the applicable subject matter):

(a) Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is a corporation or limited liability company, as the case may be, duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation, and has the requisite
corporate or limited liability company power to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as currently conducted
and as described in the PPM. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is duly qualified as a foreign corporation or limited liability
company, as the case may be, to do business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction in which the nature of the business as currently
conducted and as described in the PPM makes such qualification necessary, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified or
be in good standing would not have a Material Adverse Effect. For purposes of this Agreement, Material Adverse Effect
means any event, circumstance, development, condition, occurrence, state of facts, change or effect that, individually or in the aggregate
with any other event, circumstance, development, condition, occurrence, state of facts, change or effect, has or would reasonably be expected
to (x) prevent or materially delay or materially impair the ability of the Company or its Subsidiaries to carry out its obligations under
this Agreement or (y) have any material adverse effect on the business, properties, assets, liabilities, operations or condition (financial
or otherwise), results of operations or future prospects of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; provided, however,
that for purposes of clause (y), none of the following shall be deemed in themselves, either alone or in combination, to constitute, and
none of the following shall be taken into account in determining whether there has been or would reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect: (i) general economic, financial, credit, capital market or regulatory conditions or any changes therein (provided,
however, that such effects do not affect the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole disproportionately as compared to the
Companys similarly-situated competitors), (ii) any effects alone or in combination that arise out of, or result from, directly
or indirectly, the announcement, pendency, execution or performance of this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby or any action
contemplated by this Agreement, (iii) acts of God, war (whether or not declared), disease, the commencement, continuation or escalation
of a war, acts of armed hostility, sabotage or terrorism or other international or national calamity or any material worsening of such
conditions (provided, however, that such changes do not affect the Company or its Subsidiaries disproportionately as compared
to the Companys similarly-situated competitors), (iv) any matter disclosed in the Disclosure Schedule or the PPM (excluding any
disclosures (whether contained under the heading Risk Factors, in any forward looking statements disclaimer
or in any other section) to the extent they are cautionary, predictive or forward-looking in nature); (v) any failure by the Company or
its Subsidiaries to meet any projections, budgets or estimates of revenue or earnings (it being understood that the facts giving rise
to such failure may be taken into account in determining whether there has been a Material Adverse Effect (except to the extent such facts
are otherwise excluded from being taken into account by this proviso)), (vi) changes affecting the industry generally in which the Company
or its Subsidiaries operate (provided, however, that such changes do not affect the Company or its Subsidiaries disproportionately
as compared to the Companys similarly-situated competitors), or (vii) changes in Law or U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
(GAAP) (provided, however, that such changes do not affect the Company or its Subsidiaries disproportionately
as compared to the Companys similarly-situated competitors). For purposes of this Agreement, Subsidiary
means, with respect to the Company, any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture or other legal entity of any
kind (i) of which fifty percent (50%) or more of the capital stock or other equity interests or voting power are, directly or indirectly,
controlled, owned or held by, or (ii) that is, at the time any determination is made, controlled (whether by voting power, Contract (as
defined below) or otherwise) by, in each case, the Company (either alone or through or together with one or more of its other Subsidiaries);
provided, that for all purposes of the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in this Agreement, whether made
as of the date hereof or as of the applicable Closing Date, Adaptin and its Subsidiaries shall be deemed to be Subsidiaries of the Company
regardless of whether the Merger has been consummated.

6

(b) Authorization,
Enforcement, Compliance with Other Instruments. (i) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries party thereto has the requisite
corporate or limited liability company power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement, the Warrants,
the Registration Rights Agreement, the Escrow Agreement and the Merger Agreement (collectively with all other documents, certificates
or instruments executed and delivered in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, the Transaction
Documents)and to consummate the transactions contemplated thereby, including to issue the Securities, in accordance
with the terms hereof and thereof; (ii) the execution and delivery by the Company and each of its Subsidiaries party thereto of each
of the Transaction Documents and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including, without limitation,
the issuance of the Securities, have been, or will be at the time of execution of such Transaction Document, duly authorized by the Board
of Directors or other applicable governing body of the Company or such Subsidiary, and no further action, proceeding, consent, waiver
or authorization is, or will be at the time of execution of each such Transaction Document, required by or from the Company or any such
Subsidiary, its respective board of directors or other governing body or its respective stockholders or equity holders; (iii) this
Agreement has been, and at the Closing each of the other Transaction Documents will be when delivered at the Closing, duly executed and
delivered by the Company and each of its Subsidiaries party thereto; and (iv) this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents,
when delivered at the Closing or at the closing of the Merger, as applicable, will constitute the valid and binding obligations of the
Company and its Subsidiaries party thereto enforceable against the Company and its Subsidiaries party thereto in accordance with their
terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity or applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium, liquidation or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally, the enforcement of creditors rights and remedies and,
with respect to any rights to indemnity or contribution contained in the Transaction Documents, as such rights may be limited by state
or federal laws or public policy underlying such laws.

(c) Capitalization.
As of the date hereof and without giving effect to the Merger, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 50,000,000 shares
of Common Stock and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Preferred Stock),
and there are 5,000,000 shares of Common Stock outstanding and no shares of Preferred Stock outstanding. The current capitalization of
the Company before and after giving effect to the Merger is set forth under Schedule 3(c). Immediately following the effective
time of the Merger, but immediately before the Initial Closing, the authorized capital stock of the Company will consist of 50,000,000
shares of Common Stock and 10,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, and the Company is expected to have 6,499,999 shares of Common Stock
issued and outstanding (assuming the exchange of all Adaptin securities, as contemplated by the Merger Agreement) and will have no shares
of Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. All of the outstanding shares of Common Stock and of the capital stock of each of the Companys
Subsidiaries have been duly authorized, validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable and free of preemptive or similar rights
and other Liens (as defined below) and have been issued in compliance with all applicable Laws. All of the issued and outstanding capital
stock of each Subsidiary of the Company are owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company, free and clear of any Liens. Immediately after
giving effect to the Merger and the Closing of the Minimum Offering Amount, the pro forma outstanding capitalization of the Company will
be as set forth under Pro Forma Capitalization in Schedule 3(c). Immediately after giving
effect to the Merger and the Closing: (i) no shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries will be subject to
preemptive rights or any other similar rights or any Liens suffered or permitted by the Company; (ii) except as set forth on Schedule
3(c)(ii), there will be no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character
whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible, exercisable or exchangeable into, any shares of capital stock of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Contracts by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound or pursuant to which
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is otherwise obligated to issue additional shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries; (iii) there will be no outstanding debt securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries other than indebtedness
as set forth in Schedule 3(c)(iii); (iv) other than pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement or as set forth in
Schedule 3(c)(iv), there will be no agreements or arrangements under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is obligated
to register the sale of any of their securities under the Securities Act; (v) there will be no outstanding registration statements
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, other than pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement; (vi) except as set forth inSchedule
3(c)(vi), there will be no securities or instruments of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries containing anti-dilution or similar
provisions, including the right to adjust the exercise, exchange or reset price under such securities, that will be triggered by the issuance
of the Securities as described in this Agreement; (vii) no co-sale right, right of first refusal or other similar right
will exist with respect to the Securities or the issuance and sale thereof and (viii) no shares of Common Stock shall be reserved for
issuance, other than (A) up to 2,196,390 shares of Common Stock reserved for future issuances under the EIP and (B) shares of Common Stock
reserved for issuance upon exercise or conversion of the securities listed in Schedule 3(c)(viii). The Company has
made available to the Purchaser true and correct copies of the Companys Certificate of Incorporation, as in effect as of the Initial
Closing, and the Companys Bylaws, as in effect as of the Initial Closing, and the terms of all securities exercisable for Common
Stock and the material rights of the holders thereof in respect thereto other than stock options issued to officers, directors, employees
and consultants. Except for the interests in the Companys Subsidiaries, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries owns any
equity interest or other interest of any nature in, or any interest convertible, exchangeable, or exercisable for, equity interests or
other interests of any nature in any other person. The Company does not have outstanding stockholder purchase rights or a poison
pill or any similar arrangement in effect giving any person the right to purchase any equity interest in the Company upon the occurrence
of certain events.

7

(d) Issuance
of Securities. The Shares that are being issued to the Purchaser hereunder, when issued, sold and delivered in accordance with the
terms and upon payment of the consideration set forth in this Agreement, and the Warrant Shares, when issued and delivered upon exercise
of the Warrants in accordance with the terms and upon payment of the exercise price therefor as provided therein, will be duly and validly
issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and free of preemptive or similar rights, Taxes and other Liens with respect to the issuance thereof,
and restrictions on transfer other than restrictions on transfer under the Transaction Documents, applicable state and federal securities
Laws and Liens created by or imposed by the Purchaser. Assuming the accuracy of each of the representations and warranties of the Purchaser
herein, and of the Other Purchasers in each of their respective Other Subscription Agreements, the offer, issuance and sale by the Company
of the Units, the Shares, the Warrants and (upon exercise of the Warrants) the Warrant Shares to the Purchaser are exempt from registration
under the Securities Act and exempt from (or not subject to) registration, qualification or prospectus delivery requirements under the
securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction.

(e) No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of each of the Transaction Documents by the Company, and the consummation by the
Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including issuance and sale of the Securities in accordance with this Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents, have not and will not (i) result in a violation of the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws
(or equivalent constitutive document) of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (ii) violate or conflict with, or result in a breach
of any provision of, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or
give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any Contract to which the Company or any Subsidiary
is a party, except for those which would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect,
or (iii) result in a violation of any Law applicable to the Company or any Subsidiary or by which any property or asset of the Company
or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, except for those which would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation of or in default under, any provision of its Certificate
of Incorporation or Bylaws or any other constitutive documents. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation of any term of
or in default under any Contract, judgment, decree or order or any Law applicable to the Company or any Subsidiary, which violation or
breach has been or would reasonably be expected to be material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.
Except as specifically contemplated by this Agreement and as required under the Securities Act and any applicable state securities Laws,
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is required to obtain any Authorization of, or provide any notice to or make any filing
or registration with, any Governmental Authority in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under or contemplated
by this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof, other than (i) the filings required
pursuant to Section 9(j), (ii) the filing of the registration statement contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement and (iii) the
filing of a Notice of Exempt Offering of Securities on Form D with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC)
under Regulation D. Except as set forth on Schedule 3(e), neither the execution and delivery by the Company of the
Transaction Documents, nor the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, will require any notice,
consent or waiver under any Contract to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which the Company or any Subsidiary is bound
or to which any of their assets or businesses is subject, except for any notice, consent or waiver the absence of which would not reasonably
be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to be material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. All
notices, consents, authorizations, orders, filings and registrations which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is required to deliver
or obtain pursuant to the preceding two sentences have been or will be delivered or obtained or effected, and shall remain in full force
and effect, on or prior to the Closing.

8

(f) Absence
of Litigation. Except as set forth on Schedule 3(f), there is no, and since the date that is two (2) years prior
to the date hereof (the Lookback Date) there has not been any, action, suit, claim, inquiry, notice of violation,
arbitration, petition, charge, citation, summons, subpoena, proceeding (including any partial proceeding such as a deposition) or investigation
of any nature, civil, criminal, administrative, regulatory or otherwise, whether at law or in equity, before or by any Governmental Authority
(an Action) pending or threatened in writing or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened orally, against
or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers or directors or any of their respective assets
or businesses, which has or would be reasonably likely to have, a Material Adverse Effect Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
is, and since the Lookback Date has not been, subject to any judgment, decree, or order which has been, or would reasonably be expected
to be material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

(g) Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Purchase of the Units. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Purchaser is acting solely in the
capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.
The Company further acknowledges that the Purchaser is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar
capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by the Purchaser or
any of its representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely
incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Units.

(h) No
General Solicitation. Neither the Company, nor to its knowledge any of its Affiliates (as defined below), or any person acting on
its or their behalf, has engaged in any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D) in connection
with the offer, sale or issuance of the Securities. Affiliate means, with respect to any person, any other
person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such
person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 144 under the Securities Act (Rule 144). With respect
to the Purchaser, any investment fund or managed account that is managed on a discretionary basis by the same investment manager as the
Purchaser will be deemed to be an Affiliate of the Purchaser.

(i) No
Integrated Offering. Neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor to the knowledge of the Company, any person acting on its
or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under
circumstances that would eliminate the availability of the exemption from registration under Rule 506(b) of Regulation D or afforded by
Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act in connection with the Offering of the Units contemplated hereby or cause this Offering of the Units
to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the Securities Act.

(j) Employee
Relations. Since the Lookback Date, there has been no actual or threatened in writing, or to the knowledge of the Company, threatened
orally, labor dispute, work stoppage, request for representation, union organizing activity, or unfair labor practice charges involving
the employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is party to any collective bargaining
agreement. The Companys and/or its Subsidiaries employees are not members of any union, and the Company believes that its
and its Subsidiaries relationships with their respective employees are good.

9

(k) Intellectual
Property Rights. Except as set forth on Schedule 3(k), the Company and each of its Subsidiaries exclusively owns,
possesses, or has valid and enforceable rights to use, license, and exploit all Intellectual Property used in, necessary or advisable
for the conduct of the Companys and its Subsidiaries business as currently conducted and as described in the PPM, except
for a failure to own, possess or have such rights that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. There
are no unreleased liens or security interests which have been filed, or which the Company has received notice of, against any of the Intellectual
Property owned by the Company. All Intellectual Property owned by the Company or its Subsidiaries, and all Contracts pursuant to which
the Company or its Subsidiaries license Intellectual Property, are valid and enforceable, and the Company and its Subsidiaries are in
full compliance with all such Contracts except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Furthermore,
except as has not been and would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, since the Lookback Date: (A) to the
Companys knowledge, there has been no infringement, misappropriation or violation by third parties of any such Intellectual Property
of the Company or its Subsidiaries; (B) there has been no Action pending or threatened in writing (or to the Companys knowledge,
threatened orally) by others challenging the Companys or any of its Subsidiaries ownership of or any rights in or to any
such Intellectual Property; (C) the Intellectual Property owned by the Company and its Subsidiaries and, to the Companys knowledge,
the Intellectual Property licensed to the Company and its Subsidiaries, has not been adjudged invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in
part, and there has been no Action pending or threatened in writing (or to the Companys knowledge, threatened orally) by others
challenging the validity, enforceability or scope of any such Intellectual Property; (D) there has been no Action pending or threatened
in writing (or to the Companys knowledge, threatened orally) by others that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries infringes, misappropriates
or otherwise violates any Intellectual Property or other proprietary rights of others, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
has received any written notice of such Action; and (E) to the Companys knowledge, no employee of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries has violated any term of any employment Contract, patent disclosure agreement, invention assignment agreement, non-competition agreement, non-solicitation agreement,
nondisclosure agreement or restrictive covenant to or with a former employer where the basis of such violation relates to such employees
employment with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or actions undertaken by the employee while employed with the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries have
complied in all material respects with 37 C.F.R. 1.56 (Duty to disclose information material to patentability). The consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby or by the other Transaction Documents will not result in the loss or impairment of or payment
of any additional amounts with respect to, nor require the consent of any other person in respect of, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
right to own, use or hold for use any Intellectual Property as owned, used or held for use in the conduct of the Companys and its
Subsidiaries business as currently conducted and as described in the PPM, except as would not reasonably be expected to be material
to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. The rights of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries in their
Intellectual Property are valid, subsisting and enforceable, except as would not reasonably be expected to be material to the business
of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has taken reasonable steps to maintain
their Intellectual Property and to protect and preserve the confidentiality of all of their Trade Secrets. To the Companys knowledge,
there has not been any disclosure or access to any Trade Secrets of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries by any unauthorized person.
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have taken and continue to take commercially reasonable measures, at least consistent with prevailing
industry practice, to ensure that all personal information in their possession, custody or control is protected against loss and against
unauthorized, access, use, modification, disclosure or other misuse. Intellectual Property shall mean any
and all rights title and interest in, arising out of, or associated with any intellectual or intangible property, whether protected, created
or arising in any jurisdiction throughout the world, including the following: (a) issued patents and patent applications (whether provisional
or non-provisional), including divisionals, continuations, continuations-in-part, substitutions, reissues, reexaminations, extensions,
or restorations of any of the foregoing, and other Governmental Authority issued indicia of invention ownership (including certificates
of invention, petty patents, and patent utility models) (Patents); (b) trademarks, service marks, brands,
certification marks, logos, trade dress, slogans, trade names, and other similar indicia of source or origin, together with the goodwill
connected with the use of and symbolized by, and all registrations, applications for registration, and renewals of, any of the foregoing
(Trademarks); (c) copyrights and works of authorship, whether or not copyrightable, and all registrations,
applications for registration, and renewals of any of the foregoing (Copyrights); (d) internet domain names
and social media account or user names (including handles), whether or not Trademarks, all associated web
addresses, URLs, websites and web pages, social media sites and pages, and all content and data thereon or relating thereto, whether or
not Copyrights; (e) mask works, and all registrations, applications for registration, and renewals thereof; (f) industrial designs, and
all Patents, registrations, applications for registration, and renewals thereof; (g) trade secrets, know-how, inventions (whether or not
patentable), discoveries, improvements, technology, business and technical information, databases, data compilations and collections,
tools, methods, processes, techniques, and other confidential and proprietary information and all rights therein (Trade Secrets);
(h) computer programs, operating systems, applications, firmware and other code, including all source code, object code, application programming
interfaces, data files, databases, protocols, specifications, and other documentation thereof; (i) rights of publicity; and (j) all other
intellectual or industrial property and proprietary rights.

10

(l) Environmental
Laws.

(i) Except
as, individually or in the aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect: (x) the Company
and each Subsidiary is in compliance and has complied with all applicable Environmental Laws (as defined below); (y) the Company or its
applicable Subsidiary is in possession of all Authorizations required pursuant to Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses
as currently conducted and as described in the PPM and (z) the Company or its applicable Subsidiary is in material compliance with all
terms and conditions of such Authorizations. There is no Action pending or threatened in writing (or to the Companys knowledge,
threatened orally) relating to any violation or noncompliance with any Environmental Law involving the Company or any Subsidiary. For
purposes of this Agreement, Environmental Law means any national, state, provincial or local Law, statute,
rule or regulation or the common law relating to the environment or occupational health and safety, including without limitation any statute,
regulation, administrative decision or order pertaining to (A) treatment, storage, disposal, generation and transportation of Hazardous
Substances; (B) air, water and noise pollution; (C) groundwater and soil contamination; (D) the release or threatened release
into the environment of industrial, toxic or hazardous materials or substances, or solid or hazardous waste, including without limitation
emissions, discharges, injections, spills, escapes or dumping of pollutants, contaminants or chemicals; (E) the protection of wild
life, marine life and wetlands, including without limitation all endangered and threatened species; (F) storage tanks, vessels, containers,
abandoned or discarded barrels, and other closed receptacles; (G) health and safety of employees and other persons; and (H) manufacturing,
processing, using, distributing, treating, storing, disposing, transporting or handling of Hazardous Substances. As used above, the terms
release and environment shall have the meaning set forth in the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation
and Liability Act of 1980, as amended.

(ii) To
the knowledge of the Company, none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has any liability or obligation under any Environmental Law
with respect to any release, spill, emission, leaking, pumping, pouring, emptying, leaching, escaping, dumping, injection, deposit, discharge
or disposing of any Hazardous Substance in, onto or through the environment, except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect. Hazardous Substances means all materials, wastes, or substances defined by, or regulated under,
any Environmental Laws, including as a hazardous waste, hazardous material, hazardous substance, extremely hazardous waste, restricted
hazardous waste, contaminant, pollutant, toxic waste, or toxic substance, and specifically including petroleum and petroleum products,
asbestos, radon, lead, toxic mold, radioactive materials, and polychlorinated biphenyls.

(m) Authorizations.
Except as set forth on Schedule 3(m), the Company and each of its Subsidiaries holds, and is operating in compliance
with, all authorizations, licenses, permits, approvals, clearances, registrations, exemptions, consents, certificates, waivers, filings,
qualifications and orders of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), its foreign counterparts and any
other entity or body exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to United States
federal, state or local government or foreign, or other governmental, including any department, commission, board, agency, bureau, official
or other regulatory, administrative or judicial or arbitral authority thereto (each a Governmental Authority)
and supplements and amendments thereto (collectively, Authorizations) required for the conduct of its business
as currently conducted and as described in the PPM, or that are otherwise material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries,
in all applicable jurisdictions, except as would not reasonably be expected to be material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole. All Authorizations held by the Company or its Subsidiaries are valid and in full force and effect. Neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries is in material violation of any terms of any such Authorizations; and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
has received written notice from any Governmental Authority of any revocation or modification of any such Authorization, or written notice
(or to the Companys knowledge, oral notice) that such revocation or modification is being considered, except to the extent that
any such revocation or modification would not be reasonably expected to be material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole.

11

(n) Regulatory
Compliance The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is in compliance, and has since the Lookback Date been in compliance, with all
applicable federal, state, local and foreign Laws, including such Laws applicable to the manufacture, distribution, import and export
of regulated products and component parts and ingredients, except as would not reasonably be expected to be material to the business of
the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any Form FDA 483, warning
letter, untitled letter or other correspondence or written notice from any Governmental Authority, alleging or asserting noncompliance
with the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.) (FDCA) or comparable foreign
Laws. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has been notified, either orally or in writing, by any Governmental Authority that
a clinical study has been put on hold or may be put on hold. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries, and to the Companys knowledge,
each of their respective directors, officers, employees and agents, is and has been in material compliance with applicable health care
Laws, including, to the extent applicable, without limitation, the FDCA, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7b(b)),
the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (42 U.S.C. 1320d et seq.), as amended by the Health Information
Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009 (42 U.S.C. 17921 et seq.), and the regulations promulgated pursuant to
such Laws, and comparable state Laws and foreign Laws (collectively, Health Care Laws). Neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries has received written notice (or to the Companys knowledge, oral notice) of any ongoing claim, action,
suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action from any Governmental Authority or third party alleging
that any product operation or activity is in material violation of any Health Care Laws or any Authorizations. The Company and each of
its Subsidiaries has filed, obtained, maintained or submitted all material reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records,
claims, submissions and supplements or amendments thereto as required by any Health Care Laws or any Authorizations and all such reports,
documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments, to the Companys knowledge,
were complete, correct and not misleading on the date filed in all material respects (or were corrected or supplemented by a subsequent
submission). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has, either voluntarily or involuntarily, initiated, conducted, or issued
or caused to be initiated, conducted or issued, any other notice or action relating to any alleged product defect or violation and, to
the Companys knowledge, no third party has initiated or conducted any such notice or action relating to any of the Companys
products in development. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any corporate integrity agreement, deferred prosecution
agreement, monitoring agreement, consent decree, settlement order, or similar agreements, or has any reporting obligations pursuant to
any such agreement, plan or correction or other remedial measure entered into with any Governmental Authority.

(o) Title.
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries owns any real property. Except as set forth on Schedule 3(o), each
of the Company and its Subsidiaries has good and marketable title to all of its personal property and other tangible assets (i) purportedly
owned or used by them as reflected in the PPM, or (ii) necessary for the conduct of their business as currently conducted and as described
in the PPM, free and clear of any legal or equitable, specific or floating, lien (statutory or otherwise), restriction, mortgage, deed
of trust, pledge, lien, security interest, restrictive covenant, or other adverse right, charge, claim or encumbrance of any kind or nature
whatsoever (collectively, Liens), except for Liens which would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect. Except as set forth on Schedule 3(o), with respect to properties and assets it leases, each of the
Company and its Subsidiaries is in compliance with such leases and holds a valid leasehold interest free of any Liens, except for such
Liens which would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

12

(p) Tax
Status. The Company and each Subsidiary has filed (taking into account any valid extensions) all federal, state, local and foreign
income and all other material returns, declarations, reports, elections, designations, or information returns or statements made to a
Governmental Authority relating to Taxes, including any schedules or attachments thereto and any amendments thereof (collectively, Tax
Returns) required to be made or filed by it or with respect to it by any jurisdiction to which it is subject. Such Tax
Returns accurately reflect, in all material respects, the Tax liabilities of the Company and its Subsidiaries (other than Taxes not yet
due and payable). The Company and each Subsidiary has timely paid all income Taxes and all other material Taxes and other material governmental
assessments and material charges, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations, except those being contested
in good faith and for which the Company and its Subsidiaries have adequately reserved and accrued for in accordance with GAAP. The Company
has reserved and accrued on its books provisions in accordance with GAAP amounts that are reasonably adequate for the payment of all material
taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid Taxes in any material
amount claimed to be due from the Company or any Subsidiary by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction. There are no, and since the Lookback
Date there have been no, pending or threatened in writing (or to the Companys knowledge, threatened orally) Actions by the taxing
authority of any jurisdiction against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party
to, or otherwise bound by, any Tax indemnity, Tax sharing or Tax allocation agreement (but not including any agreement whose primary subject
matter is not Taxes) (a Tax Agreement). The Company is not a United States real property holding corporation
within the meaning of Section 897(c) of the Code. For purposes of this Agreement, Tax or Taxes
means (i) any and all U.S. federal, state, local, or non-U.S. taxes, assessment, levy or other charges, including net or gross income,
gross receipts, net proceeds, estimated, sales, use, ad valorem, value added, franchise, license, withholding, payroll, employment, excise,
property (including both real and personal), unclaimed property remittance/escheat, deed, stamp, alternative or add-on minimum, occupation,
severance, unemployment, social security, workers compensation, capital, premium, windfall profit, environmental, custom duties,
fees, transfer and registration taxes, and any governmental charges in the nature of a tax imposed by a Governmental Authority, (ii) any
liability for the payment of any amounts of any of the foregoing types as a result of being a member of an Affiliated, consolidated, combined
or unitary group, or being a party to any agreement or arrangement whereby liability for payment of such amounts was determined or taken
into account with reference to the liability of any other person and (iii) any liability for the payment of any amounts as a result of
being a party to any Tax Agreement.

(q) Certain
Transactions. Except as set forth on Schedule 3(p), none of the direct or indirect equity holders, stockholders, controlling
persons, partners, managers, members, officers, directors, employees, general or limited partners or assignees (each, a Related
Party) of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently, or has since the Lookback Date been, a party to any Contract or transaction
with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors (including director or officer indemnification
agreements) and for the purchase of shares of the Companys capital stock and the issuance of options to purchase shares of the
Companys Common Stock), including any Contract providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real
or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge
of the Company, any corporation, partnership, trust or other entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial
interest or is an officer, director, trustee or partner. All transactions that would be required to be disclosed by the Company pursuant
to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act are disclosed in the SEC Reports (as defined below) or the PPM
in accordance with Item 404 of Regulation S-K.

13

(r) Rights
of First Refusal. Except as set forth on Schedule 3(r), the Company is not obligated to offer the securities offered
hereunder on a right of first refusal basis or otherwise to any third parties including, but not limited to, current or former stockholders
of the Company, underwriters, brokers, agents or other third parties.

(s) Insurance.
The Company and its Subsidiaries have insurance policies of the type and in amounts customarily carried by organizations conducting businesses
or owning assets similar to those of the Company and its Subsidiaries, and in any event maintain insurance policies in amounts as required
by applicable Law or any Contract to which the Company or its Subsidiaries is a party or to which any of its assets or businesses is subject.
All such insurance policies are in full force and effect and binding and enforceable in accordance with their terms, and all premiums
due and payable thereon have been timely paid in full. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in default with respect to its
obligations under any such insurance policy, nor has there been any failure to give any notice or present any claim under any such insurance
policy in due and timely fashion except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be material to the business
of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. There is no material claim pending under any such policy as to which coverage has
been questioned, denied or disputed by the underwriter of such policy and there has been no notice of cancellation of nonrenewal of any
such insurance policy received by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Since the Lookback Date, no limits on any insurance policy of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries have been exhausted, materially eroded or materially reduced.

(t) SEC
Reports. The Company has timely filed or furnished, as applicable, all reports, proxy statements, schedules, forms, statements, certifications
and other documents (including exhibits and all other information incorporated by reference therein) required to be filed or furnished
by the Company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the Exchange
Act) (the SEC Reports) since the Lookback Date (or such shorter period since the Company was
first required by Law or regulation to file such material). The Super 8-K (as defined below) when filed will comply, and the SEC
Reports at the time they were filed complied, in all material respects with the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as applicable. There
are no Contracts (or any material change or amendment thereto, or any waiver of any material right thereunder) that are required to be
described in the SEC Reports or the PPM that were or are not described, in all material respects, therein. There are no Contracts (or
any material change or amendment thereto, or any waiver of any material right thereunder) that are required to be filed as exhibits to
the SEC Reports or the Super 8-K that were not or will not have been filed as required in the SEC Reports or the Super 8-K. There are
no outstanding or unresolved comments in comment letters received from the SEC staff with respect to the SEC Reports. To the Companys
knowledge, none of the SEC Reports is the subject of an ongoing SEC review. There are no SEC inquiries or investigations, other governmental
inquiries or investigations or internal investigations pending or threatened in writing (or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened
orally), in each case regarding any accounting practice of the Company.

14

(u) Financial
Statements.

(i) The
(A) audited financial statements of Adaptin as of and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, and (B) the unaudited interim
financial statements of Adaptin for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (in each case consisting of the balance sheets, related statements
of operations, changes in stockholders equity (deficit) and cash flows), each of (A) and (B) above included in the PPM, and (C)
the unaudited pro forma consolidated financial statements of the Company (after taking into effect the Merger) and including, in each
of (A), (B) and (C) above, the notes thereto, and each of (A), (B) and (C) above to be included in the Super 8-K, or with respect to (C)
above in an amendment thereto as permitted by Law, comply or will comply, as applicable, in all material respects with GAAP and the rules
and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto (the foregoing financial statements, the Financial Statements).
The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved and include
all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring accruals) that are necessary for a fair presentation of the consolidated financial
condition of the business to which they relate as of the date thereof, subject, in the case of the unaudited interim financial statements
of Adaptin for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, to normal year-end adjustments that will not, individually or in the aggregate,
be material and the absence of notes, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of Adaptin and its Subsidiaries
taken as a whole, or the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries taken as a whole, as applicable, as of and for the dates thereof and
the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, year-end audit
adjustments that will not, individually or in the aggregate, be material. The pro forma financial information and the related notes,
if any, to be included in the Super 8-K, have been properly compiled and prepared in accordance with the applicable requirements of the
Securities Act and fairly present in all material respects the information shown therein, and the assumptions used in the preparation
thereof are reasonable and the adjustments used therein are appropriate to give effect to the transactions and circumstances referred
to therein.

(ii) Except
as disclosed in the PPM, the Company (A) maintains a standard system of accounting established and administered in accordance with GAAP
and (B) has established and maintains a system of internal controls over financial reporting designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of the financial reporting and the preparation of the Financial Statements for external purposes in accordance
with GAAP. There (x) are no significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in any system of internal accounting controls used by each
of the Companys Subsidiaries, , (y) has not since the Lookback Date been any fraud or other unlawful act on the part of any of
management or other employees of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries who have a role in the preparation of Financial Statements or
the internal accounting controls used by the Company and each of its Subsidiaries related to such preparation or controls and (z) has
not since the Lookback Date been any claim or allegation regarding any of the foregoing.

(iii) Neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any liabilities (whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise) other than (A) liabilities
disclosed on the audited balance sheet (including the notes thereto) or the interim balance sheet (including the notes thereto) and (B)
liabilities that have been incurred since the date of the latest balance sheet of the Company and the latest balance sheet of Adaptin
included in the Financial Statements in the ordinary course of business, which liabilities, individually or in the aggregate, are not
material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries (taken as a whole).

(iv) To
the knowledge of the Company, Withum Smith+Brown, PC (the Auditor), whose report will be filed with the SEC
in the Super 8-K, is an independent registered public accounting firm with respect to the Company as required by the Exchange Act and
the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and the rules and regulations of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. The Auditor
has not, during the periods covered by the Financial Statements provided to the Company any non-audit services, as such term is used in
Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act.

15

(v) Material
Changes. Except for the transactions contemplated hereby or in the Merger Agreement, since the date of the latest balance
sheet of the Company and the latest balance sheet of Adaptin included in the financial statements contained in the PPM, except as set
forth on Schedule 3(v), (i) there have been no events, occurrences or developments that have had or would reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company or Adaptin, (ii) there have not been any changes in the
assets, financial condition, business or operations of the Company or Adaptin from that reflected in the financial statements contained
in the PPM except changes in the ordinary course of business which have not been, either individually or in the aggregate, materially
adverse to the business, properties, financial condition, results of operations or future prospects of the Company or Adaptin, (iii) none
of the Company or Adaptin or any of their respective Subsidiaries has altered its method of accounting or the manner in which it keeps
its accounting books and records, and (iv) none of the Company or Adaptin or any of their respective Subsidiaries has declared or
made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or equity holders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements
to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock (other than in connection with repurchases of unvested stock issued to employees
of the Company). The Company and its Subsidiaries, individually and on a consolidated basis, are not as of the date hereof, and after
giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereby to occur at the Initial Closing, will not be Insolvent (as defined below). Insolvent
means, with respect to the Company, on a consolidated basis with its Subsidiaries, (i) the present fair saleable value of the Companys
and its Subsidiaries assets is less than the amount required to pay the Companys and its Subsidiaries total indebtedness,
(ii) the Company and its Subsidiaries are unable to pay their debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts
and liabilities become absolute and matured or (iii) the Company and its Subsidiaries intend to incur or believe that they will incur
debts that would be beyond their ability to pay as such debts mature.

(w) Disclosure
Controls. The Company has established and maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-14 and 15d-15 under
the Exchange Act) and except as disclosed in the PPM, such controls and procedures are effective in ensuring that material information
relating to the Company, including its Subsidiaries, is made known to the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer.

(x) Sarbanes-Oxley.
The Company is, and has been since the Lookback Date, to the extent applicable, in compliance in all material respects with all of the
provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 which are applicable to it.

(y) Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements. There is no transaction, arrangement, or other relationship between the Company or any Subsidiary and an unconsolidated
or other off-balance sheet entity that is required to be disclosed by the Company in the PPM and is not so disclosed.

(z) Foreign
Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company and its Subsidiaries, nor any of their respective directors, managers, officers, agents or
employees or other person acting on behalf of the Company or its Subsidiaries, has: (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for
unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made
any unlawful payment or offered anything of value to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic
political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries (or, to the Companys knowledge, made by any person acting on their behalf) which is in violation of Law or (iv)
violated any applicable anti-terrorism Law or regulation, nor have any of them otherwise taken any action which would reasonably cause
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to be in violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or any applicable
Law of similar effect.

(aa) Office of Foreign
Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, manager, officer, agent,
employee or Affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is, or is acting under the direction of, on behalf of or for the benefit of a person
that is, or is owned or controlled by a person that is, currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign
Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department.

(bb) Money Laundering.
The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial record-keeping
and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, and other applicable money laundering
Laws and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws), and no Action
by or before any Governmental Authority involving the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or
threatened in writing (or to the Companys knowledge, threatened orally).

16

(cc) Regulation M Compliance.
The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause
or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any
of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii)
paid or agreed to pay to any person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company, other than,
in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Placement Agent in connection with the placement of the Units.

(dd) Privacy and Data
Security.

(i) Business
Privacy and Data Security Policies means all of the Companys or one of its Subsidiaries present, internal
or public-facing policies, notices, and statements concerning the privacy, security, or Processing of Personal Information in the conduct
of the Business. Personal Information means any information that identifies or, alone or in combination with
any other information, could reasonably be used to identify, locate, or contact a natural person, including name, street address, telephone
number, email address, identification number issued by a Governmental Authority, credit card number, bank information, customer or account
number, online identifier, device identifier, IP address, browsing history, search history, or other website, application, or online activity
or usage data, location data, biometric data, medical or health information, or any other information that is considered personally
identifiable information, personal information, or personal data under applicable Law, and all data
associated with any of the foregoing that are or could reasonably be used to develop a profile or record of the activities of a natural
person across multiple websites or online services, to predict or infer the preferences, interests, or other characteristics of a natural
person, or to target advertisements or other content to a natural person. Privacy Laws means all applicable
Laws, orders, writs, judgments, injunctions, decrees, stipulations, determinations or awards entered by or with any Governmental Authority,
and binding guidance issued by any Governmental Authority concerning the privacy, security, or Processing of Personal Information (including
Laws of jurisdictions where Personal Information was collected), including, as applicable, data breach notification Laws, consumer protection
Laws, Laws concerning requirements for website and mobile application privacy policies and practices, Social Security number protection
Laws, data security Laws, and Laws concerning email, text message, or telephone communications. Without limiting the foregoing, Privacy
Laws include the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended and supplemented by the Health Information Technology
for Economic and Clinical Health Act of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 and all other similar international, federal,
state, provincial, and local Laws. Processing means any operation performed on Personal Information, including
the collection, creation, receipt, access, use, handling, compilation, analysis, monitoring, maintenance, storage, transmission, transfer,
protection, disclosure, destruction, or disposal of Personal Information.

(ii) The
Company and each of its Subsidiaries, and, to the Companys knowledge, all vendors, processors, or other third parties acting for
or on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the Processing of Personal Information or that otherwise have
been authorized to have access to Personal Information in the possession or control of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, comply
and at all times since the Lookback Date have complied, with all of the following in the conduct of its business as currently conducted
and as disclosed in the PPM: (A) Privacy Laws; (B) rules of self-regulatory organizations; (C) industry standards, guidelines, and best
practices; (D) the Business Privacy and Data Security Policies; and (E) all obligations or restrictions concerning the privacy, security,
or Processing of Personal Information under any Contract to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or otherwise bound
as of the date hereof, in each case, except for violations that, individually or in the aggregate, have not been and would not reasonably
be expected to be material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

17

(iii) Neither
the consummation of the Merger nor the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby, does or will: (A) conflict with or result in a violation or breach of any Privacy Laws or Business Privacy and Data
Security Policies (as currently existing or as existing at any time during which any Personal Information was collected or Processed by
or for the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in the conduct of its business as now being conducted); or (B) require the consent of or
notice to any person concerning such persons Personal Information, in each case, except as has not been and would not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(iv) Since
the Lookback Date, (A) to the Companys knowledge, no Personal Information in the possession or control of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries, or held or Processed by any vendor, processor, or other third party for or on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
in the conduct of its business has been subject to any data or security breach or unauthorized access, disclosure, use, loss, denial or
loss of use, alteration, destruction, compromise, or Processing (a Security Incident), and (B) neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has notified and, to the Companys knowledge, there have been no facts or circumstances that
would require the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to notify, any Governmental Authority or other person of any Security Incident in
the conduct of its business, in each case, except as has not been and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(v) Since
the Lookback Date, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice, request, claim, complaint, correspondence,
or other communication in writing (or to the Companys knowledge, orally) from any Governmental Authority or other person, and to
the Companys knowledge there has not been any audit, investigation, enforcement action (including any fines or other sanctions),
or other Action relating to, any actual, alleged, or suspected Security Incident or violation of any Privacy Law involving Personal Information
in the possession or control of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or held or Processed by any vendor, processor, or other third
party for or on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, in the conduct of its business, in each case, except as has not been
and would not reasonably be expected to be material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

(vi) In
the conduct of its business, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries has at all times since the Lookback Date implemented and maintained,
and required all vendors, processors, and other third parties that Process any Personal Information for or on behalf of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries to implement and maintain, all security measures, plans, procedures, controls, and programs, including written
information security programs, to (A) identify and address internal and external risks to the privacy and security of Personal Information
in their possession or control; (B) implement, monitor, and improve adequate and effective administrative, technical, and physical safeguards
to protect such Personal Information and the operation, integrity, and security of its software, systems, applications, and websites involved
in the Processing of Personal Information; and (C) provide notification in compliance with applicable Privacy Laws in the case of any
Security Incident, in each case, except as has not been and would not reasonably be expected to be material to the business of the Company
and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

(ee) Brokers
Fees. Except as set forth on Schedule 3(ee), neither of the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any liability or
obligation to pay any fees or commissions to any broker, finder or agent with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
except for the payment of fees and expenses to the Placement Agent and issuance of the Placement Agent Warrants as described in Section 2
above.

18

(ff) Disclosure Materials.
The SEC Reports, at the time filed or furnished, and the Disclosure Materials, at the time delivered to the Purchaser, were true and correct
in all material respects and did not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. For
the purposes of this Agreement, Disclosure Materials means the PPM, the Confidential and Non-Binding Summary
Term Sheet of the Company (the Term Sheet) previously provided to the Purchaser, and any roadshow presentation
delivered to the Purchaser in connection with the contemplated purchase of the Units, each as amended from time to time, relating to the
Offering and any supplement or amendment thereto, and any disclosure schedule or other information document, including the Disclosure
Schedule, delivered to the Purchaser prior to its execution of this Agreement, and any such document delivered to the Purchaser after
its execution of this Agreement and prior to the closing of the Purchasers subscription hereunder.

(gg) Investment Company.
The Company is not required to be registered as, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately following the Closing will not be required
to register as, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(hh) Reliance. The
Company acknowledges that the Purchaser is relying on the representations and warranties (as modified by the disclosures on the Disclosure
Schedule or the PPM (excluding any disclosures (whether contained under the heading Risk Factors, in any forward-looking
statements disclaimer or in any other section) to the extent they are cautionary, predictive or forward-looking in nature) made
by the Company hereunder and that such representations and warranties (as modified by the Disclosure Schedule or the PPM (excluding
any disclosures (whether contained under the heading Risk Factors, in any forward-looking statements disclaimer
or in any other section) to the extent they are cautionary, predictive or forward-looking in nature) are a material inducement to the
Purchaser purchasing the Units. The Company further acknowledges that without such representations and warranties of the Company made
hereunder, the Purchaser would not enter into this Agreement with the Company.

(ii) Bad
Actor Disqualification. No bad actor disqualifying event described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i)-(viii) of the Securities Act
(a Disqualification Event) is applicable to the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any Company
Covered Person, except for a Disqualification Event as to which Rule 506(d)(2)(iiiv) or (d)(3), is applicable. Company
Covered Person means, with respect to the Company as an issuer for purposes of Rule 506 promulgated under
the Securities Act, any person listed in the first paragraph of Rule 506(d)(1). The Company represents that it has exercised reasonable
care to determine the accuracy of the representation made by the Company in this paragraph.

(jj) Anti-Dilution.
There are no securities or instruments issued by or to which the Company is a party as of the date hereof or as of the Closing containing
anti-dilution or similar provisions that will be triggered by the issuance of shares of Common Stock in connection with the Offering or
pursuant to any Other Subscription Agreement entered into in connection with the Offering that have not been or will not be validly waived
on or prior to each Closing Date.

19

(kk) Other Purchasers.
The Company has not entered into any side letter or similar agreement with any Other Purchaser in connection with such Other Purchasers
direct or indirect investment in the Company other than the applicable Other Subscription Agreement. Each Other Purchaser will enter into
the applicable Other Subscription Agreement and no other side letters or similar agreements with respect to its investment in the shares
of Common Stock in connection with the Offering. Each Other Subscription Agreement is in the same form and contains the same terms and
provisions as this Agreement.

(ll) Leased Real Property.
There are no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, any threatened condemnation proceedings, lawsuits or other Actions relating
to any real property leased by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of the buildings, structures and facilities located thereon
(the Leased Real Property) or other matters affecting adversely the current use, occupancy or value thereof.
The Company and its applicable Subsidiaries enjoy quiet possession under all leases for each parcel of Leased Real Property (each, a Lease)
and no Leased Real Property under any such Lease is subject to any Lien, easement, right-of-way, building or use restriction, exception,
variance, reservation or limitation, as might, in any material respect, interfere with or impair the present and continued use thereof
by the Company or its Subsidiaries in the usual and normal conduct of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(mm) Material Contracts.
Each Material Contract (as defined below) is the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company or one of its Subsidiaries that is
a party thereto, and is enforceable against the Company or one of its Subsidiaries, as applicable, and, to the knowledge of the Company,
the counterparties, in accordance with its terms, other than, in all cases, Material Contracts that have expired, been terminated or superseded
in accordance with their terms following the date hereof. Neither the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, nor to the knowledge of the
Company, any counterparty, is in violation, breach or default under any such Contract or has improperly terminated, revoked or accelerated
any Material Contract and no event or condition exists or has occurred which, with the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both,
would, under any Material Contract, (A) constitute a breach or default by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or to the knowledge
of the Company, a counterparty, (B) give to the counterparty any rights of termination, acceleration or cancellation of, (C) result in
any obligation imposed on the Company or any of its Subsidiaries thereunder or a loss of a benefit in favor of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries thereunder, (D) allow the imposition of any fees or penalties on the Company or any of its Subsidiaries thereunder, require
the offering or making of any payment or redemption by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries thereunder or (E) give rise to any increased,
guaranteed, accelerated or additional rights or entitlements to the counterparty thereunder, in each case, except for (i) such breaches,
defaults and events which have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse
Effect, and (ii) any Material Contracts that will expire or terminate in accordance with their terms in connection with or as contemplated
by or directly related to the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including to the extent applicable, Contracts
with the stockholders or investors of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, indemnification agreements with each of their respective
directors or officers, employment, consulting agreements or equity award agreements with each of their employees or other service providers.
None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received any written notice of the intention of any person to terminate, fail to renew
or materially and adversely modify any Material Contract.

20

As used herein, Material
Contract means any written or oral agreement, contract, commitment, arrangement, subcontract, license, sublicense, lease,
sublease, sales order, purchase order, indenture, mortgage, note, bond, letter of credit, warrant, instrument, obligation, or understanding
(collectively, including all amendments, supplements and modifications thereto, Contracts) to which the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of their respective assets or businesses are bound:

(i) that
is required to be filed pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act);

(ii) that
contains an exclusivity clause that restricts the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or a covenant not to compete in any line of business
with any person in any geographical area that restricts the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or that otherwise restricts the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries from freely providing products or services to any customer or potential customer, or that restricts the right
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to sell to or purchase from any other person;

(iii) that
relates to the acquisition or disposition of any business (whether by merger, sale of stock or assets or otherwise) at any time since
the Lookback Date, other than those related to the Companys efforts to seek the acquisition of an operating company prior to the
acquisition of Adaptin;

(iv) that
is with any Related Party of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;

(v) that
grants to the counterparty a right of first refusal, first offer or first negotiation outside of the ordinary course of business of the
Company, except for any such preemptive or similar rights in favor of the equity holders of Adaptin that will be terminated or extinguished
in connection with the Merger; or

(vi) that
grants the other party or any third party most favored nation status or any similar rights.

(nn) Sanctions.
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries, directors, officers, or employees, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, after due inquiry,
any agent, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is currently the subject or the target
of any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department
of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom, or other relevant sanctions
authority (collectively, Sanctions); nor is the Company or any of its subsidiaries located, organized or resident
in a country or territory that is the subject or the target of Sanctions, including, without limitation, the Crimea region and the Donetsk
Peoples Republic and Luhansk Peoples Republic in Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, and Syria (collectively, Sanctioned
Countries); and the Company will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of this offering, or lend, contribute or otherwise
make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, or any joint venture partner or other person or entity, for the purpose of financing the
activities of or business with any person, or in any country or territory, that at the time of such financing, is the subject or the target
of Sanctions or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any person (including any person participating in the transaction
whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise) of applicable Sanctions. For the past five years, the Company and its subsidiaries
have not knowingly engaged in and are not now knowingly engaged in any dealings or transactions with any person that at the time of the
dealing or transaction is or was the subject or the target of Sanctions or with any Sanctioned Country.

21

(oo) Employee
Benefits.

(i)
Benefit Plan means any plan, program, arrangement or agreement that is a pension, profit-sharing, savings,
retirement, employment, consulting, severance pay, termination, executive compensation, incentive compensation, deferred compensation,
bonus, stock purchase, stock option, phantom stock or other equity-based compensation, change-in-control, retention, salary continuation,
vacation, sick leave, disability, death benefit, group insurance, hospitalization, medical, dental, life (including all individual life
insurance policies as to which the Company is the owner, the beneficiary, or both), Code Section 125 cafeteria or flexible
benefit, employee loan, educational assistance or fringe benefit plan, program, arrangement or agreement, whether written or oral, including,
without limitation, any (A) employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security
Act of 1974, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (ERISA) or (B) other employee
benefit plans, agreements, programs, policies, arrangements or payroll practices, whether or not subject to ERISA (including any funding
mechanism therefor now in effect or required in the future as a result of the transaction contemplated by this Agreement or otherwise),
which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries sponsors or maintains for the benefit of its current or former officer, director, employee,
leased employee, consultant or agent (or their respective beneficiaries), or with respect to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
has, or could reasonably be expected to have, any direct or indirect present or future liability.

(ii) Each
Benefit Plan has been established, maintained and operated in all respects in accordance with its terms and in compliance with all applicable
provisions of applicable Laws, including Section 409A of the Code and the regulations and other guidance issued thereunder, in each case,
except as has not been and would not reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect. There are no investigations by any Governmental
Authority, termination proceedings or other claims (except routine claims for benefits payable under the Benefit Plans) or Actions pending
in writing (or to the Companys knowledge, orally) against any Benefit Plan or asserting any rights to or claims for benefits under
any Benefit Plan that would reasonably be expected to give rise to any material liability. No non-exempt prohibited transaction
(within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code) has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur with respect
to any Benefit Plan. No Benefit Plan is (A) subject to Section 412 of the Code, Title IV of ERISA or Section 302 of ERISA (including a
multiemployer plan within the meaning of Section 3(37) of ERISA), (B) a multiple employer plan as defined
in Section 413(c) of the Code, or (C) a multiple employer welfare arrangement within the meaning of Section 3(40) of ERISA.
No Benefit Plan is subject to the Laws of any jurisdiction other than the United States.

(iii) Neither
the execution and delivery of this Agreement nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby shall, in connection with any
other event(s), (i) result in any payment or benefit becoming due to any current or former employee, contractor or director of the Company
or its Subsidiaries or under any Benefit Plan, (ii) increase any amount of compensation or benefits otherwise payable to any current or
former employee, contractor or director of the Company or its Subsidiaries or under any Benefit Plan, (iii) result in the acceleration
of the time of payment, funding or vesting of any benefits to any current or former employee, contractor or director of the Company or
its Subsidiaries or under any Benefit Plan, (iv) limit the right to merge, amend or terminate any Benefit Plan (except any limitations
imposed by applicable Law, if any), or (v) give rise to any excess parachute payment as defined in Section 280G(b)(l) of
the Code, any excise tax owing under Section 4999 of the Code or any other amount that would not be deductible under Section 280G of the
Code.

22

4. Representations,
Warranties and Agreements of the Purchaser. The Purchaser represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the Company, as of the
date hereof and as of the applicable Closing Date, the following:

(a) The
Purchaser has the knowledge and experience in financial and business matters necessary to evaluate the merits and risks of its prospective
investment in the Company, and has carefully reviewed and understands the risks of, and other considerations relating to, the purchase
of Units and the tax consequences of the investment. The Purchaser has adequate means of providing for its current and anticipated financial
needs and contingencies and is able to bear the economic risks of the investment for an indefinite period of time and has no need for
liquidity of the investment in the Units or the Securities included therein. The Purchaser can afford the loss of his, her or its entire
investment.

(b) The
Purchaser is acquiring the Units and the Securities included therein for investment for his, her or its own account and not with the view
to, or for resale in connection with, any distribution thereof. The Purchaser understands and acknowledges that the Offering, sale and
delivery of the Securities have not been registered under the Securities Act or any state securities Laws, by reason of a specific exemption
from the registration provisions of the Securities Act and applicable state securities Laws, which depends upon, among other things, the
bona fide nature of the investment intent as expressed herein. The Purchaser further represents that he, she or it does not have any contract,
undertaking, agreement or arrangement with any person to sell, transfer or grant participation to any third person with respect to any
of the Securities, other than with respect to an Affiliate of the Purchaser. The Purchaser understands and acknowledges that the Offering,
sale and delivery of the Securities will not be registered under the Securities Act nor under the state securities laws on the ground
that the sale of the Units to the Purchaser as provided for in this Agreement and the issuance of Shares and Warrants hereunder and of
the Warrant Shares upon exercise of the Warrants are exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and any applicable
state securities laws. The Purchaser is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D as promulgated by
the SEC under the Securities Act for the reason(s) specified on the Accredited Investor Certification attached hereto as completed by
the Purchaser, and Purchaser shall submit to the Company such further assurances of such status as may be reasonably requested by the
Company. The Purchaser resides in the jurisdiction set forth on the Purchasers Omnibus Signature Page affixed hereto. If the Purchaser
is, with respect to the Company, (i) a predecessor of the Company; (ii) an Affiliated issuer; (iii) a director, executive officer, other
officer participating in the offering, general partner or managing member of the Company; (iv) any beneficial owner of twenty percent
(20%) or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power; (v) any promoter connected
with the Company in any capacity at the time of such sale; (vi) any investment manager of the Company if the Company is a pooled investment
fund; (vii) any person that has been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection
with the Offering; (viii) any general partner or managing member of any such investment manager or solicitor; or (ix) any director, executive
officer or other officer participating in the offering of any such investment manager or solicitor or general partner or managing member
of such investment manager or solicitor (each such category, a Covered Person), the Purchaser has not taken
any of the actions set forth in, and is not subject to, the disqualification provisions of Rule 506(d)(1) of the Securities Act.

23

(c) The
Purchaser (i) if a natural person, represents that he or she is the greater of (A) 21 years of age or (B) the age of legal majority
in his or her jurisdiction of residence, and has full power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and all other related
agreements or certificates and to carry out the provisions hereof and thereof; (ii) if a corporation, partnership, limited liability
company, association, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated organization or other entity, represents that such entity is duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the state or jurisdiction of its organization, the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby is authorized by, and will not result in a violation of applicable Law or its charter or other organizational documents,
such entity has full power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and all other related agreements or certificates and to
carry out the provisions hereof and thereof and to purchase and hold the Securities, the execution and delivery of this Agreement has
been duly authorized by all necessary action, this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of such entity and is a legal,
valid and binding obligation of such entity; or (iii) if executing this Agreement in a representative or fiduciary capacity, represents
that he, she or it has full power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement in such capacity and on behalf of the subscribing
individual, ward, partnership, trust, estate, corporation, or limited liability company or partnership, or other entity for whom the Purchaser
is executing this Agreement, and such individual, partnership, ward, trust, estate, corporation, or limited liability company or partnership,
or other entity has full right and power to perform pursuant to this Agreement and make an investment in the Company, and represents that
this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such entity. The execution and delivery of this Agreement will not
violate or be in conflict with any order, judgment, injunction, agreement or controlling document to which the Purchaser is a party or
by which it is bound, except for any violation or conflict that, individually or in the aggregate, has not had and would not reasonably
be expected to have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Purchaser to perform its obligations under this Agreement and the
other Transaction Documents or to consummate any transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.

(d) The
Purchaser understands that the Units and the Securities included therein are being offered and sold to him, her or it in reliance on specific
exemptions from the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities Laws and that the Company is relying in part
upon the truth and accuracy of, and the Purchasers compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments
and understandings of the Purchaser set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of
the Purchaser to acquire such securities. The Purchaser further acknowledges and understands that the Company is relying on the representations
and warranties made by the Purchaser hereunder and that such representations and warranties are a material inducement to the Company to
sell the Units to the Purchaser and to issue the Warrant Shares upon exercise of the Warrants. The Purchaser further acknowledges that
without such representations and warranties of the Purchaser made hereunder, the Company would not enter into this Agreement with the
Purchaser.

(e) The
Purchaser understands that, other than as expressly provided in the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company does not currently intend
to register any of the Securities under the Securities Act at any time in the future; and the undersigned will not immediately be entitled
to the benefits of Rule 144 with respect to any of the Securities. The Purchaser understands that no public market exists for the Companys
Common Stock and that there can be no assurance that any public market for the Common Stock will exist or continue to exist. The Companys
Common Stock is not approved for quotation on OTC Markets or any other quotation system or listed on any exchange. 

24

(f) The Purchaser has
received, reviewed and understood the information about the Company, including all Disclosure Materials provided to it by the
Company and/or the Placement Agent (at the Companys direction), and has had an opportunity to discuss the Companys
business, management and financial affairs with the Companys management. The Purchaser understands that such discussions, as
well as any Disclosure Materials provided by the Company and/or the Placement Agent (at the Companys direction), were
intended to describe the aspects of the Companys business and prospects and the Offering which the Company believes to be
material, but were not necessarily a thorough or exhaustive description and except as expressly set forth in this Agreement (as
modified by the disclosures on the Disclosure Schedule or the PPM (excluding any disclosures contained under the heading Risk
Factors, any disclosures of risks included in any forward looking statements or disclosures that are
cautionary, predictive or forward-looking in nature)), the Company makes no representation or warranty with respect to the
completeness of such information and makes no representation or warranty of any kind with respect to any information provided by any
entity other than the Company. Some of such information may include projections as to the future performance of the Company, which
projections may not be realized, may be based on assumptions which may not be correct and may be subject to numerous factors beyond
the Companys control. The Purchaser acknowledges that he, she or it is not relying upon any person or entity, other than the
Company and its officers and directors, in making its investment or decision to invest in the Company. In entering into this
Agreement, the Purchaser has not relied on any oral or, except as otherwise expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents or the
Disclosure Materials, written information provided by the Company, Adaptin any Placement Agent, or by their respective Affiliates,
agents, employees, representatives or trustees, or by any other agent or broker. No agent, employee or representative of the
Company, Adaptin or any Placement Agent or other agent or broker has been authorized to make, and the Purchaser has not relied on,
any statements other than those expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents or the Disclosure Materials. Without limiting or
derogating from Section 3(ff), the Purchaser understands and represents that he, she or it is purchasing the Shares notwithstanding
the fact that the Company may disclose in the future certain information the Purchaser has not received that is not required to be
disclosed in the Super 8-K, including (without limitation) financial statements of the Company and/or Adaptin for the current fiscal
period, and any subsequent period financial statements that will be filed with the SEC, that he, she or it is not relying on any
such information in connection with his, her or its purchase of the Securities. The Purchaser has sought such accounting, legal and
tax advice as the Purchaser has considered necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to his, her or its
acquisition of the Units.

(g) The
Purchaser acknowledges that neither the Company nor any Placement Agent is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Purchaser
(or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and no investment
advice has been given by the Company, any Placement Agent or any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the
Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The Purchaser further represents to the Company that the Purchasers
decision to enter into the Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation by the Purchaser and the Purchasers
representatives.

(h) As
of the applicable Closing, all actions on the part of the Purchaser, and its officers, directors and partners, if applicable, necessary
for the authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement and the performance of all obligations
of the Purchaser hereunder and thereunder shall have been taken, and this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement, assuming due
execution by the parties hereto and thereto, constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the Purchaser, enforceable in accordance
with their respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity or applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar Laws relating to, or affecting generally, the enforcement of creditors rights
and remedies and, with respect to any rights to indemnity or contribution contained in the Transaction Documents, as such rights may be
limited by state or federal laws or public policy underlying such laws.

25

(i) The
Purchaser represents that neither it nor, to its knowledge, any person or entity controlling, controlled by or under common control with
it, nor any person having a beneficial interest in the Purchaser, nor any person on whose behalf the Purchaser is acting: (i) is
a person listed in the Annex to Executive Order No. 13224 (2001) issued by the President of the United States (Executive Order Blocking
Property and Prohibiting Transactions with Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism); (ii) is named on the List of
Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons maintained by the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control; (iii) is a non-U.S. shell
bank or is providing banking services indirectly to a non-U.S. shell bank; (iv) is a senior non-U.S. political
figure or an immediate family member or close associate of such figure; or (v) is otherwise prohibited from investing in the Company
pursuant to applicable U.S. anti-money laundering, anti-terrorist and asset control Laws, regulations, rules or orders (categories (i) through
(v), each a Prohibited Purchaser). The Purchaser (A) agrees to provide the Company, promptly upon request,
all information that the Company reasonably deems necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable U.S. anti-money laundering, anti-terrorist
and asset control Laws, regulations, rules and orders and (B) consents to the disclosure to U.S. regulators and law enforcement authorities
by the Company and its Affiliates and agents of such information about the Purchaser as the Company reasonably deems necessary or appropriate
to comply with applicable U.S. anti-money laundering, anti-terrorist and asset control Laws, regulations, rules and orders. If the Purchaser
is a financial institution that is subject to the USA Patriot Act, the Purchaser represents that it has met all of its obligations under
the USA Patriot Act. The Purchaser acknowledges that if, following its investment in the Company, the Company reasonably believes that
the Purchaser is a Prohibited Purchaser or is otherwise engaged in suspicious activity or refuses to promptly provide information that
the Company requests, the Company has the right or may be obligated to prohibit additional investments, segregate the assets constituting
the investment in accordance with applicable regulations or immediately require the Purchaser to transfer all or any of the Securities.
The Purchaser further acknowledges that neither the Purchaser nor any of the Purchasers Affiliates or agents will have any claim
against the Company or Adaptin for any form of damages as a result of any of the foregoing actions.

(j) If
the Purchaser is an Affiliate of a non-U.S. banking institution (a Foreign Bank), or if the Purchaser
receives deposits from, makes payments on behalf of, or handles other financial transactions related to a Foreign Bank, the Purchaser
represents and warrants to the Company that: (1) the Foreign Bank has a fixed address, other than solely an electronic address, in
a country in which the Foreign Bank is authorized to conduct banking activities; (2) the Foreign Bank maintains operating records
related to its banking activities; (3) the Foreign Bank is subject to inspection by the banking authority that licensed the Foreign
Bank to conduct banking activities; and (4) the Foreign Bank does not provide banking services to any other Foreign Bank that does
not have a physical presence in any country and that is not a regulated Affiliate.

(k) The
Purchaser or its duly authorized representative realizes that because of the inherently speculative nature of businesses of the kind conducted
and contemplated by the Company, the Companys financial results may be expected to fluctuate from month to month and from period
to period and will, generally, involve a high degree of financial and market risk that could result in substantial or, at times, even
total losses for investors in securities of the Company. The Purchaser has considered the risk factors in the PPM before deciding to invest
in the Units.

(l) The
Purchaser is not subscribing for Units as a result of or subsequent to any advertisement, article, notice or other communication, published
in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television, radio, or the internet, or presented at any seminar or meeting,
or any solicitation of a subscription by a person not previously known to the Purchaser in connection with investments in securities generally.

(m) The
Purchaser acknowledges that no U.S. federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed upon any of the
Securities or made any finding or determination as to the fairness, suitability or wisdom of any investments therein.

26

(n) Other
than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, the Purchaser has not directly or indirectly, nor has any individual or entity
acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with the Purchaser, executed any purchases or sales, including Short Sales (as defined
below), of the securities of the Company during the period commencing at the time the Purchaser was first contacted by the Company or
any other individual or entity representing the Company (including the Placement Agent) regarding the transactions contemplated hereunder.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of the Purchaser being a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers
manage separate portions of the Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers do not communicate or share information with, and
have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by, the portfolio managers managing other portions of the Purchasers
assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that
made the investment decision to purchase the Units covered by this Agreement. Other than to other individuals or entities party to this
Agreement, or to the Purchasers representatives, agents or advisors, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures
made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing,
for avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect
to the identification of the availability of, or securing of, available shares to borrow in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions
in the future. For purposes of this Agreement, Short Sales means all short sales as defined
in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be deemed to include the location and/or reservation of borrowable
shares of Common Stock).

(o) The
Purchaser is aware that the anti-manipulation rules of Regulation M under the Exchange Act may apply to sales of any of the Securities
and other activities with respect to the Securities by the Purchaser, and will comply with such anti-manipulation rules of Regulation
M.

(p) All
of the information concerning the Purchaser set forth herein, and any other information furnished by the Purchaser in writing to the Company
or the Placement Agent for use in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, is true, correct and complete in all
material respects as of the date of this Agreement, and, if there should be any material change in such information prior to the Purchasers
purchase of the Units, the Purchaser will promptly furnish revised or corrected information to the Company.

(q) The
Purchaser has reviewed with its own tax advisors the U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences of this investment and the
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. With respect to such matters, the Purchaser relies solely on such advisors and
not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its agents, written or oral. The Purchaser understands that it (and
not the Company) shall be responsible for its own tax liability that may arise as a result of this investment or the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents.

(r) If
the Purchaser is not a United States person (as defined by Section 7701(a)(30) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended),
the Purchaser hereby represents that it has satisfied itself as to the observance in all material respects of the Laws of its jurisdiction
in connection with any invitation to subscribe for the Units or any use of this Agreement, including (a) the legal requirements within
its jurisdiction for the purchase of the Units and the Securities included therein; (b) any foreign exchange restrictions applicable
to such purchase; (c) any governmental or other consents that may need to be obtained; and (d) the income tax and other tax
consequences, if any, that may be relevant to the purchase, holding, redemption, sale or transfer of any of the Securities. The Purchasers
subscription and payment for and continued beneficial ownership of the Securities will not violate any applicable securities or other
Laws of the Purchasers jurisdiction.

(s) The
Purchaser represents that it is not a foreign person for purposes of Section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (as
amended) or the rules or regulations promulgated thereunder (including 31 C.F.R. Part 800 and 31 C.F.R. part 801); provided, however,
that if the Purchaser is a foreign person for such purposes, it agrees that it will not (i) obtain any control rights over
the Company, including the ability to determine, direct, or decide important matters affecting the Company; (ii) have access to any material
nonpublic technical information in the possession of the company; (iii) obtain membership or observer rights on the Board of Directors
or the right to nominate an individual to a position on the Board of Directors; or (iv) have any involvement, other than through voting
of shares, in substantive decision making of the Company regarding the use, development, acquisition or release of the Companys
technology.

27

(t) (For
ERISA plans only) The fiduciary of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA) plan
(the Plan) represents that such fiduciary has been informed of and understands the Companys investment
objectives, policies and strategies, and that the decision to invest plan assets (as such term is defined in ERISA) in the
Company is consistent with the provisions of ERISA that require diversification of plan assets and impose other fiduciary responsibilities.
The Purchaser fiduciary or Plan (a) is responsible for the decision to invest in the Company; (b) is independent of the Company
or any of its Affiliates; (c) is qualified to make such investment decision; and (d) in making such decision, the Purchaser
fiduciary or Plan has not relied primarily on any advice or recommendation of the Company or any of its Affiliates.

(u) If
the Purchaser is a Covered Person, neither the Purchaser nor, to the Purchasers knowledge, any of its directors, executive officers,
other officers that may Adaptin as a director or officer of any company in which it invests, general partners or managing members is subject
to any Disqualification Events, except for Disqualification Events covered by Rule 506(d)(2)(ii) or (iii) under the Securities Act,
and disclosed reasonably in advance of the applicable Closing in writing in reasonable detail to the Company.

(v) The
Purchaser understands that there are substantial restrictions on the transferability of the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares
and that the certificates or book-entry positions representing the foregoing shall bear a restrictive legend in substantially the following
form (and a stop-transfer order may be placed against transfer of such certificates or other instruments):

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS [CERTIFICATE]
[BOOK-ENTRY POSITION] [AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON THE EXERCISE HEREOF] HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933,
AS AMENDED, AND THE RULES AND REGULATIONS PROMULGATED THEREUNDER (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES
LAWS, AND NEITHER SUCH SECURITIES NOR ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED, ASSIGNED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED UNLESS (1) A
REGISTRATION STATEMENT WITH RESPECT THERETO IS EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, OR (2) AN
EXEMPTION FROM SUCH REGISTRATION EXISTS AND THE COMPANY RECEIVES AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, WHICH COUNSEL AND OPINION ARE REASONABLY SATISFACTORY
TO THE COMPANY, THAT SUCH SECURITIES MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED, ASSIGNED OR TRANSFERRED IN THE MANNER CONTEMPLATED WITHOUT AN EFFECTIVE
REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR (3) SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT.

In addition, if the Purchaser is an Affiliate
of the Company, certificates or book-entry positions evidencing the Securities issued to the Purchaser may bear a customary Affiliates
legend.

Any fees (with respect to the Companys transfer
agent for the Common Stock (the Transfer Agent), counsel or otherwise) associated with the removal of such
legend(s) shall be borne by the Company.

28

Upon request from Purchaser and subject to receipt
by the Company and its transfer agent from the Purchaser of customary representations and other documentation reasonably acceptable to
the Company and the transfer agent in connection therewith, the Company shall be obligated to promptly reissue unlegended certificates
or book entry positions at such time as the Securities evidenced by such certificates or book entry positions (x) are sold pursuant to
Rule 144 or another applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act has been satisfied, provided that Rule
144 or such other applicable exemption is available and, if the transfer agent requires an opinion, the Company shall cause its legal
counsel to deliver an opinion in a form reasonably acceptable to the transfer agent, to the effect that the removal of such restrictive
legends in such circumstances may be effected under the Securities Act or (y) are sold pursuant to an effective resale registration statement
under the Securities Act, provided that if the transfer agent requires an opinion, the Company shall cause its legal counsel to deliver
an opinion in a form reasonably acceptable to the transfer agent, to the effect that the removal of such restrictive legends in such circumstances
may be effected under the Securities Act, or (z) are covered by an effective resale registration statement under the Securities
Act and are Legend Removal Shares (as defined in the next sentence). If a resale registration statement under the Securities Act covering
the Shares and the Warrant Shares becomes effective, then the Company shall cause legal counsel to the Company, at the Companys
expense: (a) to issue to the Transfer Agent, within one (1) Trading Day after the effective date thereof, a blanket legal
opinion in customary form to the effect that the Securities covered by the Registration Statement have been registered for resale under
the Securities Act and, if such counsel has received a signed certificate in the form attached as Exhibit A to the Registration Rights
Agreement (a Legend Removal Certificate) from the holder of such Securities, may then be reissued without
any legend or restriction relating to their status as restricted securities as defined in Rule 144 (Legend
Removal Shares), or, otherwise, may then be reissued without any legend or restriction relating to their status as restricted
securities as defined in Rule 144 upon resale pursuant to such registration statement; and (b) promptly to amend such opinion to
cause such Securities to be Legend Removal Shares after later receipt of a Legend Removal Certificate from the Holder. Under the foregoing
circumstances, the Company shall direct its Transfer Agent to issue unlegended shares, in the case of clause (x) above, within one (1)
Trading Day after the Transfer Agents receipt of such opinion or, in the case of clause (y) above, within three (3) Trading Days
after the Transfer Agents receipt of such legal opinion with respect to Legend Removal Shares or otherwise within three (3) Trading
Days after the Transfer Agents receipt of evidence in customary form that the Securities have been sold pursuant to an effective
resale registration statement under the Securities Act, in either case via DWAC or as otherwise requested by the holder.

(w) If
the Purchaser is an individual, then the Purchaser resides in the state or province identified in the address of the Purchaser set forth
on such Purchasers Omnibus Signature Page to this Agreement; if the Purchaser is a partnership, corporation, limited liability
company or other entity, then the office or offices of the Purchaser in which its principal place of business is identified in the address
or addresses of the Purchaser set forth on such Purchasers Omnibus Signature Page to this Agreement.

(x) The
Purchaser understands that the Company prior to the Merger will have been a shell company as defined in Rule 12b-2 under
the Exchange Act, and that upon filing with the SEC of the Super 8-K reporting the consummation of the Merger and related transactions
and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and otherwise containing Form 10 information discussed below, the Company
will reflect therein that it is no longer a shell company. Pursuant to Rule 144(i), securities issued by a current or former shell company
(including the Securities) that otherwise meet the holding period and other requirements of Rule 144 nevertheless cannot be sold in reliance
on Rule 144 until one (1) year after the Company (a) is no longer a shell company; and (b) has filed current
Form 10 information (as defined in Rule 144(i)) with the SEC reflecting that it is no longer a shell company, and provided
that at the time of a proposed sale pursuant to Rule 144, the Company is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Exchange Act and has filed all reports and other materials required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act,
as applicable, during the preceding twelve (12) months (or for such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and
materials), other than Form 8-K reports. As a result, the restrictive legends on certificates or book-entry positions
for the Securities cannot be removed except in connection with (i) an actual sale meeting the foregoing requirements or (ii) pursuant
to an effective registration statement.

29

(y) The
Purchaser, if and to the extent that it purchases Units in any Subsequent Closing, represents that it (i)(A) has a substantive, pre-existing relationship
with the Company or (B) had direct contact by the Company or the Placement Agent outside of the Offering, and (ii) did not
contact the Company or the Placement Agent or become interested in the Offering as a result of reading or otherwise being aware of the
Super 8-K or any press release or any other public disclosure disclosing the terms of the Offering.

(z) To
effectuate the terms and provisions hereof, the Purchaser hereby appoints the Placement Agent as its attorney-in-fact for the purpose
of carrying out the provisions of the Escrow Agreement, including, without limitation, taking any action on behalf of, or at the instruction
of, the Purchaser and executing any release notices required under the Escrow Agreement and taking any action and executing any instrument
that the Placement Agent may deem necessary or advisable (and lawful) to accomplish the purposes hereof, in each case, subject to and
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. All lawful acts done under the foregoing authorization are hereby ratified and approved,
and neither the Placement Agent nor any designee nor agent thereof shall be liable for any acts of commission or omission, for any error
of judgment, for any mistake of fact or law except for acts of fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct. This power of attorney,
being coupled with an interest, is irrevocable while the Escrow Agreement remains in effect. 

5. Conditions
to Companys Obligations at Closing. The Companys obligation to complete the sale and issuance of the Units
and deliver the Shares and the Warrants to the Purchaser and to consummate the other transactions contemplated hereby at the Initial Closing
and, if applicable, a Subsequent Closing, shall be subject to the satisfaction or written waiver by the Company (in whole or in part)
of the following conditions, to the extent such condition can be waived, in its sole discretion, on or prior to the Initial Closing Date
and each Subsequent Closing Date, as applicable (provided, that any waiver by the Company of the condition set forth in Section
5(f) shall require the prior written consent of the Purchaser):

(a) Receipt
of Payment. The Company shall have received payment, by certified or other bank check or by wire transfer of immediately available
funds, in the full amount of the Purchase Price for the number of Units being purchased by the Purchaser at the Initial Closing and, if
applicable, a Subsequent Closing.

(b) Receipt
of Executed Transaction Documents. The Purchaser shall have executed and delivered to the Company the Omnibus Signature Page, the
Purchaser Profile, the Accredited Investor Certification and the Selling Securityholder Questionnaire (as defined in the Registration
Rights Agreement).

(c) Representations
and Warranties. The representations and warranties made by the Purchaser in Section 4 hereof shall be true and correct in all
respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of such Closing Date with the same force and effect as if they had been made on and as
of such Closing Date (except to the extent any such representation or warranty expressly speaks as of an earlier date, in which case such
representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all respects as of such earlier date), except for the failure of any such representation
or warranty to be so true and correct as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the ability of
the Purchaser to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.

(d) Performance.
The Purchaser shall have performed or complied with in all material respects all obligations and covenants herein required to be performed
by the Purchaser on or prior to the applicable Closing.

(e) Effectiveness
of the Merger Transactions. The Merger and each of the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement shall have been effected
and consummated.

(f) Minimum
Offering. In connection with the Initial Closing only, the Company shall have received proceeds from the Offering equal to or greater
than the Minimum Offering Amount (inclusive of any Adaptin Investment and any Placement Agent Investment).

30

(g) Qualifications.
All Authorizations of, or notices to, any Governmental Authority that are required in connection with the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, including the lawful issuance and sale of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement at each Closing except for Blue Sky
law permits and qualifications that may be properly obtained after such Closing and filing of a Notice of Exempt Offering of Securities
on Form D with the SEC under Regulation D which may be filed no later than fifteen (15) calendar days after the date of first sale
in the Offering.

6. Conditions
to Purchasers Obligations at the applicable Closing. The Purchasers obligation to accept delivery of the Units and
to pay for the Units to be issued to the Purchaser hereunder at the Initial Closing and, if applicable, a Subsequent Closing, and to consummate
the other transactions contemplated hereby, shall be subject to the satisfaction by the Company or written waiver by the Purchaser (in
whole or in part) of the following conditions, to the extent such condition can be waived, in its sole discretion, on or prior to the
Initial Closing Date and each Subsequent Closing Date, as applicable:

(a) Representations
and Warranties. (i) The representations and warranties made by the Company (as modified by the disclosures on the Disclosure Schedule
or in the PPM (excluding any disclosures (whether contained under the heading Risk Factors, in any forward-looking
statements disclaimer or in any other section) to the extent they are cautionary, predictive or forward-looking in nature) set
forth in Sections 3(a), 3(b), 3(c), 3(d), 3(e), 3(h), 3(i), and 3(ee) hereof (collectively, the Company Fundamental Representations)
shall be true and correct in all respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of such Closing Date with the same force and effect
as if they had been made on and as of such Closing Date (except to the extent any such representation or warranty expressly speaks as
of an earlier date, in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all respects as of such earlier date) and
(ii) the other representations and warranties made by the Company in Section 3 shall be true and correct in all material respects
(without giving effect to any limitation as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect or similar qualifier)
as of the date of this Agreement and as of such Closing Date with the same force and effect as if they had been made on and as of such
Closing Date (except to the extent any such representation or warranty expressly speaks as of an earlier date, in which case such representation
or warranty shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date).

(b) Performance.
The Company shall have performed or complied with in all material respects all obligations and covenants herein required to be performed
by it on or prior to the applicable Closing.

(c) Receipt
of Executed Transaction Documents. The Company shall have duly executed and delivered to the Placement Agent on behalf of the Purchaser
the Registration Rights Agreement and the Escrow Agreement.

(d) Effectiveness
of the Merger Transactions. The Merger and each of the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement shall have been effected
and consummated.

(e) Minimum
Offering. In connection with the Initial Closing only, the Company shall have received proceeds from the Offering equal to or greater
than the Minimum Offering Amount (inclusive of any Adaptin Investment and any Placement Agent Investment).

(f) Equity
Incentive Plan. The Board of Directors and the stockholders of the Company shall have duly adopted the EIP as described in Recital
B above.

(g) Certificate.
At each applicable Closing, an executive officer of the Company shall have duly executed and delivered or caused to be delivered to the
Placement Agent a certificate addressed to the Purchaser and the Placement Agent certifying as to the satisfaction of the conditions set
forth in Section 6(a) and Section 6(b) as of the applicable Closing Date.

(h) Good
Standing. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is a corporation or other business entity duly organized, validly existing, and
in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its formation.

31

(i) Judgments.
No judgment, writ, order, injunction, award or decree of or by any court, or judge, justice or magistrate, including any bankruptcy court
or judge, or any order of or by any Governmental Authority, shall have been issued, and no action or proceeding shall have been instituted
by any Governmental Authority, enjoining or preventing the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

(j) Bridge
Notes. All outstanding principal amount of, and accrued but unpaid interest on, the Bridge Notes shall have converted into shares
of Common Stock.

(k) Legal
Opinion. Wyrick Robbins Yates & Ponton LLP (Wyrick), legal counsel
for Adaptin and, upon closing of the Merger, for the Company, shall deliver an opinion addressed to the Purchaser and the Placement
Agent, dated as of the applicable Closing Date, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Placement Agent.

(l) Comfort Letter.
(a) The Auditor shall deliver a letter, addressed to the Purchaser and the Placement Agent, dated as of the applicable Closing Date,
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent, containing statements and information of the type customarily included
in auditors comfort letters with respect to the financial statements and certain financial information contained
in the PPM.

(m) Lock-up
Agreements. The Company delivered to the Purchaser lock-up agreements of the Companys officers and directors after giving effect
to the Merger and their Affiliates and associated entities (the Lock-Up Parties), duly executed by the Company and each
Lock-Up Party, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D (the Lock-Up Agreements).

(n) Compliance
with Laws. The transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, including the sale and issuance of
the Units and the Securities included therein, shall be legally permitted by all Laws and regulations to which the Company is subject
or which are otherwise applicable to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(o) Qualifications.
All Authorizations of, or notices to, any Governmental Authority that are required in connection with the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, including the lawful issuance and sale of the Units and the Securities included therein pursuant to this Agreement at
each Closing, shall have been delivered or obtained and effective as of such Closing except for Blue Sky law permits and qualifications
that may be properly obtained after such Closing and filing of a Notice of Exempt Offering of Securities on Form D with the SEC under
Regulation D which may be filed no later than fifteen (15) calendar days after the date of first sale in the Offering.

(p) No
Material Adverse Effect. There shall have been no Material Adverse Effect.

32

7. Indemnification.

(a) In
addition to the indemnity provided to the Purchaser in the applicable Registration Rights Agreement, the Company agrees to indemnify and
hold harmless the Purchaser and its Affiliates, and its and their respective directors, officers, stockholders, equity holders, members,
managers, partners, employees, attorneys, consultants, representatives and agents (and any other persons with a functionally equivalent
role of a person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each person who controls the Purchaser
(within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, stockholders,
equity holders, members, managers, partners, employees, attorneys, consultants, representatives and agents (and any other persons with
a functionally equivalent role of a person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling
person (collectively, the Purchaser Indemnitees), from and against all losses, liabilities, claims, damages,
costs, fees, charges, Taxes, judgements, fines, penalties and expenses whatsoever (including, but not limited to, amounts paid in settlement
and any and all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, including attorneys fees and expenses, incurred in investigating, preparing
or defending against any litigation commenced or threatened) (collectively, Indemnified Liabilities) arising
out of or relating to: (i) the inaccuracy, violation or breach of any of the Companys representations or warranties made in Section
3 of this Agreement; (ii) any breach or failure to perform by the Company of any of its covenants and obligations contained herein or
(iii) any Action brought or made against such Purchaser Indemnitee by a third party (including for these purposes a derivative action
brought on behalf of the Company) and arising out of, relating to or resulting from (A) the execution, delivery, performance or enforcement
of the Transaction Documents or the Merger Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, including the issuance of the
Units and the Securities included therein and the Merger or (B) the status of the Purchaser as an investor in the Company pursuant to
the transactions contemplated hereby or by the other Transaction Documents, except to the extent that any such Indemnified Liabilities
arise out of a violation of Law or a breach of this Agreement by the Purchaser or one of its related Purchaser Indemnitees. To the extent
that the foregoing undertaking by the Company may be unenforceable for any reason, the Company shall make the maximum contribution to
the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities that is permissible under applicable Law. The liability of the Company
under this paragraph shall not exceed the total Purchase Price paid by the Purchaser hereunder, except in the case of fraud.

(b) The
Company shall have the right to control the investigation and defense of any Action for which a Purchaser Indemnitee may be entitled to
indemnification hereunder with counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Purchaser Indemnitee, at the sole cost and expense of the Company,
upon written notice to the applicable Purchaser Indemnitee; provided, that (i) such notice contains confirmation that the Company
has agreed to indemnify the Purchaser Indemnitee (subject to the limitations on indemnification set forth herein) for the Indemnified
Liabilities arising out of, relating to or resulting from such Action and (ii) the Company shall not be entitled to assume or control
the investigation and defense, if (A) such claim seeks non-monetary, equitable or injunctive relief or alleges any violation of criminal
Law or (B) the Company is also a party and the Purchaser Indemnitee determines in good faith after consultation with counsel that there
may be one or more legal defenses available to such Purchaser Indemnitee that are different or additional to those available to the Company.
If the Company assumes the investigation and defense of such Action in accordance herewith, the Purchaser Indemnitee may retain separate
co-counsel at its sole cost and expense and participate in the investigation and defense of such Action.

(c) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, without the prior written consent of the Purchaser Indemnitee, the Company shall not, and shall not cause
or permit any of its Subsidiaries or its or their respective Related Parties to, negotiate, consent to or enter into any settlement, or
consent to the entry of any judgment, with respect to any Action for which such Purchaser Indemnitee may be entitled to indemnification
hereunder, unless such settlement (i) includes an unconditional release of such Purchaser Indemnitee from all liability arising out of
such proceeding, (ii) does not require any admission of wrongdoing by any Purchaser Indemnitee, and (iii) does not obligate or require
any Purchaser Indemnitee to take, or refrain from taking, any action.

33

(d) The
Purchaser acknowledges on behalf of itself and each Purchaser Indemnitee that, other than (i) for Actions seeking specific performance
of the obligations under this Agreement; or (ii) in the case of a breach or violation of this Agreement by the Company which has resulted
from either (A) intentional fraud or (B) a deliberate act or failure to act with actual knowledge that the act or failure to
act constituted or would result in a breach or violation, in each case, the sole and exclusive remedy of the Purchaser and the Purchaser
Indemnitees with respect to any and all claims relating to this Agreement shall be pursuant to the indemnification provisions (including
the limitations thereof) set forth in this Section 7.

8. Revocability;
Binding Effect. The subscription hereunder may be revoked, in whole or in part, prior to the Initial Closing or any Subsequent
Closing, as applicable, in the sole discretion of the Purchaser, for any reason or no reason, provided that written notice of revocation
is sent and is received by the Company or the Placement Agent at least two (2) Business Days prior to the Initial Closing Date or the
applicable Subsequent Closing Date. The Purchaser hereby acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement shall survive the death or disability
of the Purchaser and shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their heirs, executors, administrators, successors,
legal representatives and permitted assigns. If the Purchaser is more than one person, the obligations of the Purchaser hereunder shall
be joint and several and the agreements, representations, warranties and acknowledgments herein shall be deemed to be made by and be binding
upon each such person and such persons heirs, executors, administrators, successors, legal representatives and permitted assigns.

9. Miscellaneous.

(a) Use
of Proceeds. The Company currently intends use the net proceeds from the Offering as set forth in the PPM.

(b) Modification. This
Agreement shall not be amended, modified or waived except by an instrument in writing signed by the Company and the holders of at least
a majority of the Shares and the shares of Common Stock included in the Other Units; provided that this Agreement may not be amended and
the observance of any term hereof may not be waived with respect to any Purchaser without the written consent of such Purchaser if such
amendment or waiver on its face materially and adversely affects the rights of such Purchaser under this Agreement in a manner that is
different than the Other Purchasers. Any amendment, modification or waiver effected in accordance with this Section (i)(b) shall be binding
upon the Purchaser and each transferee of any of the Securities, each future holder of all such Securities, and the Company, its successors
and assigns.

(c) Third-Party
Beneficiary. The Placement Agent shall be an express third party beneficiary of the representations and warranties of
the Company and the Purchaser included in Sections 3 and 4 of this Agreement. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the
parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced
by, any other person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 7 and this Section 9(c).

34

(d) Notices. Any
notice, consents, waivers or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing and will be deemed to
have been delivered: (i) upon receipt, when personally delivered; (ii) upon receipt when sent by certified mail, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid; (iii) upon receipt, when sent by facsimile (provided confirmation of transmission is mechanically or
electronically generated and kept on file by the sending party); (iv) when sent, if by e-mail (provided that such sent e-mail is
kept on file (whether electronically or otherwise) by the sending party and the sending party does not receive an automatically generated
message from the recipients e- mail server that such e-mail could not be delivered to such recipient); or (v) one
(1) Business Day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier service with next day delivery specified, in each case,
properly addressed to the party to receive the same. The addresses, facsimile numbers and email addresses for such communications shall
be:

(i) if to the Company, at

Unite Acquisition 1 Corp.

12 E. 49th Street, 11th Floor

New York, NY 10017

Attention: Nathan
Pereira, CEO

with copies (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP

1185 Avenue of the Americas, 31st
Floor

New York, NY 10036

Attention: Barrett S. DiPaolo

Facsimile: 212-930-9725

E-mail: bdipaolo@srfc.law

and

Wyrick Robbins Yates &
Ponton LLP

4101 Lake Boone Trail, Suite 300

Raleigh, NC 27607

Attention: Donald R. Reynolds

E-mail: dreynolds@wyrick.com

(ii) if to the Purchasers, at the address set forth on each such
Omnibus Signature Page hereof

(or, in either case, to such other address as
the party shall have furnished in writing in accordance with the provisions of this Section).

(e) Assignability. This
Agreement is binding upon, and is enforceable by, each of the Company and the Purchaser and their respective successors and permitted
assigns. This Agreement and the rights, interests and obligations hereunder are not transferable or assignable by the Purchaser other
than an assignment of the rights, interests and obligations hereunder in connection with any transfer of the Securities by a Purchaser
to a Permitted Assignee (as such term is defined in the Registration Rights Agreement). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Purchaser may
assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement to one or more of its Affiliates or, with the Companys prior written consent,
to another person, in either case that is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D; provided, that no such assignment
shall relieve the Purchaser of its obligations hereunder if any such assignee fails to perform such obligations, unless the Company has
given its prior written consent to such relief. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 9(e) is intended to, or shall have
the effect of, restricting or otherwise impairing any transfer of the Securities by the Purchaser in accordance with applicable Laws and
the provisions of the Transaction Documents.

(f) Applicable
Law. This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be
governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws of the State of New York, without reference to the principles thereof relating to
the conflict of Laws to the extent they would result in the application of the Laws of any other jurisdiction. Any
litigation based hereon, or arising out of, under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby shall be brought and maintained exclusively in the United States District Court for the Southern District
of New York or the Supreme Court of the State of New York, and the appellate courts therefrom, in
each case sitting in New York County, New York. Each party irrevocably consents to the service of process of any of the aforementioned
courts in any such suit, action or proceeding by the mailing of copies thereof by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return
receipt requested, to such partys address set forth in Section 9(d), such service to become effective
ten (10) days after such mailing. 

35

(g) WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR COUNTERCLAIM
(WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY OR THE ACTIONS OF SUCH PARTY IN THE NEGOTIATION, ADMINISTRATION, PERFORMANCE AND ENFORCEMENT HEREOF.

(h) Form
D; Blue Sky Qualification. The Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the Units and to provide a copy thereof, promptly
upon request of the Purchaser. The Company shall take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain
an exemption for, or to qualify the Units and the Securities included therein for, sale to the Purchaser at such Closing under applicable
securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States, and shall provide evidence of such actions promptly upon
request of the Purchaser.

(i) Use
of Pronouns. All pronouns and any variations thereof used herein shall be deemed to refer to the masculine, feminine,
neuter, singular or plural as the identity of the person or persons referred to may require.

(j) Securities
Law Disclosure; Publicity.By 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the trading day immediately following the Initial Closing,
the Company shall issue a press release disclosing all material terms of the Offering. The Company will also file with the SEC, as soon
as practicable following the closing date of the Merger but in no event more than four (4) Business Days following the closing date of
the Merger, a Current Report on Form 8-K describing the Merger, the Offering and the related transactions, including Form 10 information
(as defined in Rule 144(i)(3) under the Securities Act), including any audited and interim unaudited financial statements of Adaptin and,
either with such Form 8-K or by amendment thereto as permitted by Law, pro forma financial information reflecting the Merger, as required
by Item 9.01 of SEC Form 8-K, and including as exhibits the material Transaction Documents (including, without limitation, this Agreement,
the Warrants, the Registration Rights Agreement and the Merger Agreement, in each case without redaction and including all schedules,
exhibits and appendices, except as permitted by applicable SEC rules and instructions and provided that any redaction or schedule, exhibit
or appendix not so filed in reliance on such rules and instructions shall not contain any material non-public information) (the Super
8-K). Upon request of the Purchaser, the Company will deliver to the Purchaser a copy of any exhibit to be filed or furnished
with the Super 8-K, in the form intended to be filed or furnished, including, without limitation, a substantially complete draft of the
Merger Agreement and each other material Transaction Document contemplated by or related to the Merger Agreement, including the disclosure
schedules thereto; provided, however, that such delivery shall be deemed to have been effected to the extent such document has
been filed with or furnished to the SEC pursuant to its Electronic Data Gathering and Retrieval System. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of the Purchaser or an Affiliate of the Purchaser, or include the name of the Purchaser
or an Affiliate of the Purchaser in any press release or filing with the SEC (other than the Registration Statement) or any regulatory
agency or principal trading market, without the prior written consent of the Purchaser, except (i) as required by federal securities
Law in connection with (A) any registration statement contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement and (B) the filing of
final Transaction Documents with the SEC, or (ii) in connection with a request by FINRA relating to the Form 211 to be filed by a market
maker on the Companys behalf, or (iii) to the extent such disclosure is required by applicable Law, request of the staff of
the SEC or of any regulatory agency or principal trading market regulations, in which case the Company shall to the extent legally permissible
provide the Purchaser with prior written notice of such disclosure permitted under this sub-clause (ii). From and after the
filing of the Super 8-K, no Purchaser shall be in possession of any material, non-public information received from the Company
or any of its respective officers, directors, employees or agents or any other person acting on its behalf in connection with the Offering
that is not disclosed in the Super 8-K unless the Purchaser shall have executed a written agreement with the Company regarding the confidentiality
and use of such information or is otherwise subject to confidentiality restrictions. The Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the
Other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company
as described in this Section 9(j), the Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with such
transactions (including the existence and terms of such transactions), except to the extent such disclosure is required by applicable
Law and then only after providing the Company with advance notice of such disclosure to the extent legally permissible so that the Company
may seek a protective order to prevent such disclosure. In addition, the Purchaser acknowledges that it is aware that United States securities
laws may restrict persons who have material, non-public information about a company from purchasing or selling any securities
of such company while in possession of such information. The provisions of this Section 9(j) are in addition to and not in replacement
of any other confidentiality agreement, if any, between the Company and the Purchaser.

36

(k) Non-Public Information. Except
for information (including the terms of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby) that will be disclosed in the Super 8-K and
filed with the SEC, the Company shall not and shall cause each of its officers, directors, employees, agents and other representatives,
not to, provide the Purchaser with any material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or
any of the Companys securities without the express prior written consent of the Purchaser. The Company understands, acknowledges
and agrees that (a) the Purchaser, its Affiliates and persons acting on its or their behalf will rely on the provisions of Section 9(n)
and this Section 9(o) in effecting transactions in the Shares and other securities of the Company and of other persons, and (b) notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, the Purchaser shall not (nor shall any of the Purchasers Affiliates, attorneys, agents
or representatives) have, solely as a result of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents or the purchase of the Shares,
any duty of trust or confidence with respect to, or any obligation not to trade in any securities while aware of, any material non-public
information (i) provided by, or on behalf of, the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of its or their officers, directors (or equivalent
persons), employees, attorneys, agents or representatives in violation of any of the representations, covenants, provisions or agreements
set forth in Section 9(n) or this Section 9(o) or (ii) otherwise possessed (or continued to be possessed) by the Purchaser (or any Affiliate,
agent or representative thereof) as a result of any breach or violation by the Company of any representation, covenant, provision or agreement
set forth in Section 9(j) or this Section 9(k)).

(l) Entire
Agreement. This Agreement, together with the Registration Rights Agreement and each other Transaction Document, and all exhibits,
schedules and attachments hereto and thereto, including the Disclosure Schedule and any confidentiality agreement between the Purchaser
and the Company, constitute the entire agreement between the Purchaser and the Company with respect to the Offering and supersede all
prior oral or written agreements and understandings, if any, relating to the subject matter hereof.

(m) Share
Certificates. The Shares issued at any Closing and the Warrant Shares may be certificated or represented by book-entry positions on
the books of the Transfer Agent. If the Shares or Warrant Shares are subsequently certificated and any certificate or instrument evidencing
any Shares or Warrant Shares is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution
for and upon cancellation thereof, or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of
evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company and the Transfer Agent of such loss, theft or destruction and the execution by the holder
thereof of a customary lost certificate affidavit of that fact and an agreement to indemnify and hold harmless the Company and its Transfer
Agent for any losses in connection therewith and/or, if required by such Transfer Agent, a bond in such form and amount as is required
by the Transfer Agent. The applicants for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable third-party
costs associated with the issuance of such replacement certificate or instrument. If a replacement certificate or instrument evidencing
any Shares or Warrant Shares is requested due to a mutilation thereof, the Company may require delivery of such mutilated certificate
or instrument as a condition precedent to any issuance of a replacement.

(n) Expenses.
Except as explicitly provided otherwise in this Agreement, all parties shall bear their own fees and expenses in connection with the Offering
and the Merger and any due diligence activities relating thereto. Without limiting the foregoing, the Company shall pay all Transfer Agent
fees, stamp taxes and other Taxes and duties levied in connection with the sale and issuance of the Offering, and the Company shall file
all necessary Tax Returns and other documentation with respect to such fees, Taxes and duties, and the Company shall pay all fees and
expenses of its counsel in connection with the issuance of any opinion required by Section 6(k) above and of any opinion to the Transfer
Agent for the removal of any legend on the Shares or Warrant Shares. Any expenses of the Placement Agent (or any sub-agents), including
fees and expenses of their legal counsel, will be paid or reimbursed as agreed by Adaptin and the Company with the Placement Agent in
the Placement Agent Agreement (or similar agreement) by and between the Company and such Placement Agent. All other fees and expenses
relating to the Merger and the Offering, including but not limited to the Placement Agents Cash Fee and Expense Allowance, legal
and accounting fees of Adaptin, any expenses of the Company will be payable at each closing of the Offering from the proceeds thereof.

37

(o) Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together shall
constitute one and the same instrument. The exchange of copies of this Agreement and of signature pages that contain copies of an executed
signature page such as in .pdf format shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Agreement as to the parties and may be
used in lieu of the original Agreement for all purposes. Signatures of the parties transmitted by facsimile or by e-mail of
a document in .pdf format shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes.

(p) Severability.
Each provision of this Agreement shall be considered separable and, if for any reason any provision or provisions hereof are determined
to be invalid or contrary to applicable Law, such invalid or contrary provision shall be replaced with a valid provision that as closely
as possible reflects the parties intent with respect thereto, and invalidity or illegality shall not impair the operation of or
affect the remaining portions of this Agreement.

(q) Headings.
Paragraph titles are for descriptive purposes only and shall not control or alter the meaning of this Agreement as set forth in the text.

(r) Multiple
Closings. The Purchaser understands and acknowledges that there may be multiple Closings for the Offering.

(s) Additional
Information; Further Assurances. The Purchaser hereby agrees to furnish the Company such other information as the Company may reasonably
request prior to the applicable Closing with respect to its subscription hereunder. Each party hereto shall do and perform, or cause to
be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments
and documents, as the other party hereto may reasonably request in order to effect the transactions contemplated hereby and to accomplish
the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

(t) Survival.
The parties, agree that, if the Closing occurs, (i) the Company Fundamental Representations shall survive the execution and delivery of
this Agreement for a period of three (3) years from the Initial Closing Date and (ii) the other representations and warranties of the
Company and the representations and warranties of the Purchaser contained in this Agreement shall survive the execution and delivery of
this Agreement for a period of one (1) year from the Initial Closing Date and in each case, shall in no way be affected by any investigation
or knowledge of the subject matter thereof made by or on behalf of the Purchaser or the Company. The covenants and agreements contained
in this Agreement (including the covenants and agreements set forth in Section 7 hereof) shall survive the Closing and delivery of the
Securities included in the Units in accordance with their terms or, if no term is specified, such covenants and agreements shall survive
indefinitely. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in no event shall the Purchaser have any liability to the Company or to
any other person in connection with the Offering other than pursuant to this Agreement.

(u) Omnibus
Signature Page. This Agreement is intended to be read and construed in conjunction with the Registration Rights Agreement.
Accordingly, pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement, it is hereby agreed that the
execution by the Purchaser of this Agreement, in the place set forth on the Omnibus Signature Page below, shall constitute agreement to
be bound by the terms and conditions hereof and the terms and conditions of the Registration Rights Agreement, with the same effect as
if each of such separate but related agreement were separately signed.

(v) Public
Disclosure. Neither the Purchaser nor any officer, manager, director, member, partner, stockholder, employee, Affiliate,
Affiliated person or entity of the Purchaser shall make or issue any press releases or otherwise make any public statements or make any
disclosures to any third person or entity with respect to the transactions contemplated herein and will not make or issue any press releases
or otherwise make any public statements of any nature whatsoever with respect to the Company without the Companys express prior
approval (which may be withheld in the Companys sole discretion), except to the extent such disclosure is required by Law, request
of the staff of the SEC or of any regulatory agency or principal trading market regulations.

38

(w) Potential
Conflicts. The Placement Agent, its sub-agents, legal counsel to the Company, the Placement Agent or Adaptin and/or their
respective Affiliates, principals, representatives or employees may now or hereafter own shares of the Company. Purchaser specifically
acknowledges that it (a) has read the information set forth under Certain Relationships and Related Party TransactionsTransactions
with Lucius Partners and Related Persons and Potential Conflicts of Interest in the PPM, (b) understands the risks
of such potential or actual conflicts, (c) acknowledges that it has had an opportunity to ask for information relevant to these disclosures,
and (d) gives its informed consent to the transactions and relationships described therein.

(x) Independent
Nature of the Purchasers Obligations and Rights. For avoidance of doubt, the obligations of the Purchaser under this Agreement,
the other Transaction Documents and any other agreements delivered in connection herewith are several and not joint with the obligations
of any Other Purchaser in connection with the Offering, and the Purchaser shall not be responsible in any way for the performance of the
obligations of any Other Purchaser in connection with the Offering. The decision of the Purchaser to purchase Shares pursuant to this
Agreement has been made by the Purchaser independently of any Other Purchaser or any other investor and independently of any information,
materials, statements or opinions as to the business, affairs, operations, assets, properties, liabilities, results of operations, condition
(financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries which may have been made or given by any Other Purchaser
or investor or by any agent or employee of any Other Purchaser or investor, and neither the Purchaser nor any of its agents or employees
shall have any liability to any Other Purchaser or investor (or any other person) relating to or arising from any such information, materials,
statements or opinions. Nothing contained herein and no action taken by the Purchaser shall be deemed to constitute the Purchaser as a
partnership, an association, a joint venture, or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchaser is in any way acting
in concert or as a group with any Other Purchaser in connection with the Offering with respect to such obligations or the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or any Other Subscription Agreement. Except as specifically set forth
herein, the Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights, including without limitation the rights arising
out of this Agreement, and it shall not be necessary for any other party to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such
purpose.

(y) Waiver
of Conflicts of Legal Counsel. Each party to this Agreement acknowledges that each of Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP
(SRFC), counsel to the Placement Agent, and Wyrick, counsel to Adaptin, and upon the effectiveness of the
Merger, to the Company, may have in the past performed and may continue to or in the future perform legal services for certain of the
Purchasers in matters unrelated to the transactions described in this Agreement, including financings and other matters. Accordingly,
each party to this Agreement hereby (a) acknowledges that it has had an opportunity to ask for information relevant to this disclosure;
(b) acknowledges that SRFC and Wyrick represented the clients referred to above, respectively, in the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement and have not represented any individual Purchaser in connection with such transactions; and (c) gives its informed
consent to SRFCs and Wyrick representation of certain of the Purchasers in unrelated matters and to SRFCs and Wyricks
representation of the clients referred to above, respectively, in connection with this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.

39

(z) Adjustments.
In the event of any stock split, subdivision, dividend or distribution payable in shares of Common Stock (or other securities or rights
convertible into, or entitling the holder thereof to receive directly or indirectly shares of Common Stock), combination or other similar
recapitalization or event occurring after the date hereof, each reference in any Transaction Document to a number of shares of Common
Stock or the Per Unit Purchase Price shall be deemed to be amended to appropriately account for such event.

(aa) Remedies. The
parties hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed
by them in accordance with the terms hereof and that each party hereto may be entitled to seek protective orders, injunctive relief and
other remedies available at Law or in equity (including, without limitation, seeking specific performance or rescission of purchases,
sales and other transfers). The parties hereto agree not to raise any objections to the availability of the equitable remedy of specific
performance to prevent or restrain breaches of this Agreement by the Purchaser or the Company, as applicable, and to specifically enforce
the terms and provisions of this Agreement to prevent breaches or threatened breaches of, or to enforce compliance with, the respective
covenants and obligations of the Purchaser and the Company, as applicable, under this Agreement all in accordance with the terms of this
Section 9(aa). Neither the Purchaser nor the Company, as applicable, shall be required to provide any bond or other security in connection
with seeking an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of
this Agreement, all in accordance with the terms of this Section 9(aa).

(bb) Recourse. Notwithstanding
anything that may be expressed or implied in this Agreement or in any other Transaction Document, and notwithstanding the fact that the
Purchaser may be partnerships or limited liability companies, the Company hereto covenants, agrees and acknowledges that no recourse under
this Agreement or any Transaction Document shall be had against any the Purchasers future, present or former Affiliates, or the
Purchasers or its Affiliates respective future, present or former officers, directors, managers, employees, partners, equity
holders, controlling persons, members, agents, attorneys, investment advisers, representatives, successors or permitted assigns (the Purchaser
Parties) (other than the Purchaser and its successors and Permitted Assignees under this Agreement), whether by the enforcement
of any assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding, or by virtue of any applicable Law, it being expressly agreed and acknowledged
that no personal liability whatsoever shall attach to, be imposed on or otherwise be incurred by any of the Purchaser Parties, as such,
for any obligation or liability of any party under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document for any claim based on, in respect
of or by reason of such obligations or liabilities or their creation; provided, however, nothing in this Section 9(bb) shall
relieve or otherwise limit the liability of the Purchaser or any of its successors or Permitted Assignees, for any breach or violation
of its obligations under such agreements, documents or instruments. The liability limitation provision in this Section 9(aa) shall survive
termination of this Agreement. The Purchaser Parties are intended third party beneficiaries of the provisions of this Section 9(ff), entitled
to enforce such provisions as if directly party to this Agreement.

(cc) Lock-Up Agreements.
The Company shall not amend, modify, waive or terminate any provision of any of the Lock-Up Agreements except to extend the term of the
lock-up period and shall enforce the provisions of each Lock-Up Agreement in accordance with its terms.

(dd) Rules of Construction. 
Unless the context otherwise requires, (i) all references to Sections, Schedules or Exhibits are to Sections, Schedules or Exhibits contained
in or attached to this Agreement, (ii) each accounting term not otherwise defined in this Agreement has the meaning assigned to it in
accordance with GAAP, (iii) words in the singular or plural include the singular and plural and pronouns stated in either the masculine,
the feminine or neuter gender shall include the masculine, feminine and neuter, (iv) the use of the word including in this
Agreement shall be by way of example rather than limitation, and (v) the word or shall not be exclusive.

[Signature page follows.]

40

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has duly executed
this Agreement as of the day of ,
202 .

UNITE ACQUISITION 1 CORP.

(to be renamed Adaptin Bio, Inc.)

By: 

Name:

Title:

Unite Acquisition 1 Corp. (to be renamed
Adaptin Bio, Inc.))

OMNIBUS SIGNATURE PAGE TO

SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT AND REGISTRATION RIGHTS
AGREEMENT

The undersigned, desiring to: (i) enter into
the Subscription Agreement, dated as of , 202 1 (the Subscription Agreement), between the undersigned, Unite
Acquisition 1 Corp. (to be renamed Adaptin Bio, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
and the other parties thereto, in the form furnished to the undersigned, (ii) enter into the Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration
Rights Agreement), among the undersigned, the Company and the other parties thereto, in the form furnished to the undersigned,
and (iii) purchase the Units of the Companys securities as set forth in the Subscription Agreement and below, hereby agrees to
purchase such Units from the Company and further agrees to join the Subscription Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement as a
party thereto, with all the rights and privileges appertaining thereto, and to be bound in all respects by the terms and conditions thereof.
The undersigned specifically acknowledges having read the representations section in the Subscription Agreement entitled Representations
and Warranties of the Purchaser and hereby represents that the statements contained therein are complete and accurate with respect
to the undersigned as a Purchaser.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Purchaser hereby executes the Subscription
Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement.

Dated: ______________, 202___

$4.40 = $ 

Number of Units Purchase Price per Unit Total Purchase Price

PURCHASER (individual) PURCHASER (entity)

Signature Name of Entity

By: 

Print Name Signature

Print Name: 

Signature (if Joint Tenants or Tenants in Common) Title: 

Address of Principal Residence: Address of Executive Offices:

Social Security Number(s): IRS Tax Identification Number:

Telephone Number: Telephone Number:

Facsimile Number: Facsimile Number:

E-mail Address: E-mail Address:

1 Will reflect the Closing Date. Not to be completed
by Subscriber.

EXHIBIT A

Form of A Warrant

EXHIBIT B

Form of B Warrant

EXHIBIT C

Form of Registration Rights Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.8
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ea023016901ex10-8_adaptin.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND THE PARTIES THERETO
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.8

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This Registration Rights Agreement
(this Agreement) is made and entered into effective as of ,
2025, among Adaptin Bio, Inc., a Delaware corporation (f.k.a. Unite Acquisition 1 Corp.) (the Company),
the persons who have purchased the Units (as defined below) and have executed omnibus or counterpart signature page(s) hereto (each,
a Purchaser and collectively, the Purchasers), the persons or entities identified
on Schedule 1 hereto holding Pre-Merger Warrants (as defined below), the persons or entities identified on Schedule
2 hereto holding Note Conversion Shares (as defined below), the persons or entities identified on Schedule 3 hereto
holding Registrable Pre-Merger Shares (as defined below), and the persons or entities identified on Schedule 4 hereto
holding Placement Agent Warrants (collectively, the Brokers). Capitalized terms used herein shall have the
meanings ascribed to them in Section 1 below or in the Subscription Agreement (as defined below).

RECITALS:

WHEREAS, the Company
has offered and sold in compliance with Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated thereunder to
accredited investors in a private placement offering (the Offering) Units (as defined below) of its securities,
pursuant to certain Subscription Agreements entered into by and between the Company and each of the Purchasers of the Units set forth
on the signature pages affixed thereto (the Subscription Agreements), each Unit
consisting of (i) one share of the Companys Common Stock (as defined below), (ii) an A Warrant (as defined in the Subscription
Agreements), representing the right to purchase one (1) share of Common Stock, and (iii) a B Warrant (as defined in the Subscription Agreements),
representing the right to purchase one-half (1/2) share of Common Stock; and

WHEREAS, the Company
has outstanding (a) certain warrants identified on Schedule 1 hereto, to purchase the number of shares of Common Stock indicated next
to such persons name on Schedule 1 (the Pre-Merger Warrants), and (b) the Placement Agent Warrants
held by the Brokers, to purchase the number of shares of Common Stock indicated next to such persons name on Schedule 4; and

WHEREAS, the Company
has agreed to enter into a registration rights agreement with each of the Purchasers, with each of the Pre-Merger Warrant Holders, with
each of the holders of Note Conversion Shares, with each of the holders of Registrable Pre-Merger Shares and with each of the Brokers,
or their designees; and

WHEREAS, contemporaneously
with the initial closing of the Offering, pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization by and among the Company, Adaptin
Bio, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Adaptin), and the Acquisition Subsidiary (as defined therein), all of the
outstanding capital stock of Adaptin was exchanged for shares of the Companys Common Stock and Adaptin became a wholly owned subsidiary
of the Company (the Merger);

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the foregoing and of the mutual promises, representations, warranties, covenants and conditions set forth herein, the parties mutually
agree as follows:

1. Certain
Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following respective meanings:

A Warrant Shares
means shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon exercise of the A Warrants issued to the Purchasers pursuant to the Subscription
Agreements, and any shares of Common Stock issued or issuable with respect to such shares upon any stock split, dividend or other distribution,
recapitalization or similar event with respect to the foregoing.

Approved OTC Market
means the OTCQB or OTCQX market of OTC Markets Group (or, in each case, a successor over-the-counter trading market thereto).

B Warrant Shares
means shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon exercise of the B Warrants issued to the Purchasers pursuant to the Subscription
Agreements, and any shares of Common Stock issued or issuable with respect to such shares upon any stock split, dividend or other distribution,
recapitalization or similar event with respect to the foregoing.

Blackout Period
means, with respect to a distribution or registration, a period during which the Company, in the good faith judgment of its board of directors,
determines (because of the existence of, or in anticipation of, any acquisition, financing activity, or other material corporate development
or other material transaction involving the Company, or the unavailability for reasons beyond the Companys control of any required
financial statements, or any other event or condition of similar material significance to the Company) that the registration and/or distribution
of the Registrable Securities to be covered by such registration statement, if any, or the circumstances described in Section 4(h)
below, would require additional disclosure by the Company in such registration statement of material information that the Company has
a bona fide business purpose for keeping confidential and the non-disclosure of which in such registration statement would be expected,
in the reasonable determination of the Companys board of directors to cause such registration statement to fail to comply with
applicable disclosure requirements, in each case commencing on the day the Company notifies the Holders that they are required, because
of the determination described above, to suspend offers and sales of Registrable Securities and ending on the earlier of (1) the
date upon which the material non-public information resulting in the Blackout Period is disclosed to the public or ceases to
be material and (2) such time as the Company notifies the selling Holders that sales pursuant to such Registration Statement or a
new or amended Registration Statement or prospectus may resume; provided, however, that the aggregate of all Blackout
Periods shall not exceed twenty (20) consecutive Trading Days or more than forty-five (45) Trading Days in any twelve (12) month
period (except for suspension of the use of any Registration Statement on Form S-1 in connection with the filing of a post-effective amendment
to the Registration Statement to update the prospectus therein in connection with the filing of the Companys Annual Report on Form
10-K or any other fundamental change, which Blackout Period may extend for the amount of time reasonably required to respond to comments
of the staff of the Commission (the Staff) on such amendment; provided that (and as a condition to any such
extension) the Company shall file any such post-effective amendment on the date of filing of the Companys Annual Report on Form
10-K and the Company shall use its reasonable best effort to cause any such post-effective amendment to become effective as soon as possible
after the filing thereof).

Business Day
means any day of the year, other than a Saturday, Sunday, or other day on which banks in the State of New York are required or authorized
to close.

2

Commission
means the U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission or any other federal agency at the time administering the Securities Act.

Common Stock
means the common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company and any and all shares of capital stock or other equity securities
of: (i) the Company which are added to or exchanged or substituted for the Common Stock by reason of the declaration of any stock
dividend or stock split, the issuance of any distribution or the reclassification, readjustment, recapitalization or other such modification
of the capital structure of the Company; and (ii) any other corporation, now or hereafter organized under the laws of any state or
other governmental authority, with which the Company is merged, which results from any consolidation or reorganization to which the Company
is a party, or to which is sold all or substantially all of the shares or assets of the Company, if immediately after (and as a result
of) such merger, consolidation, reorganization or sale, the Holders own equity securities of such other corporation.

Effective Date
means the date of the final closing of the Offering.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder.

Excluded Registrable
Securities shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(d)(i) of this Agreement.

Family Member
means (a) with respect to any individual, such individuals spouse, any descendants (whether natural or adopted), any trust
all of the beneficial interests of which are owned by any of such individuals or by any of such individuals together with any organization
described in Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, the estate of any such individual, and any corporation,
association, partnership or limited liability company all of the equity interests of which are owned by those above described individuals,
trusts or organizations and (b) with respect to any trust, the owners of the beneficial interests of such trust.

Holder
means (i) each Purchaser or any of such Purchasers respective successors and assignees who acquire rights in accordance with
this Agreement with respect to any Registrable Securities directly or indirectly from a Purchaser or from any assignee thereof; (ii) each
Broker or any of such Brokers respective successors and assignees who acquire rights in accordance with this Agreement with respect
to any Registrable Securities directly or indirectly from a Broker or from any assignee; (iii) each holder of Registrable Pre-Merger
Shares or its respective successors and assignees who acquire rights in accordance with this Agreement with respect to any Registrable
Securities directly or indirectly from such holder or from any assignee thereof; (iv) each holder of Pre-Merger Warrant Shares or its
respective successors and assignees who acquire rights in accordance with this Agreement with respect to any Registrable Securities directly
or indirectly from such holder or from any assignee thereof, and (v) each holder of Note Conversion Shares or its respective successors
and assignees who acquire rights in accordance with this Agreement with respect to any Registrable Securities directly or indirectly from
such holder or from any assignee thereof.

3

Majority Holders
means, at any time, Holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities then issuable and/or outstanding. For purposes of this Agreement,
a person is deemed to be a holder of Shares or Registrable Securities whenever such person owns of record, or owns beneficially through
a street name holder, such Shares or Registrable Securities or securities upon exercise, conversion or exchange of which
such Shares or Registrable Securities are issuable.

National Securities
Exchange means each of the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York
Stock Exchange, the NYSE American and any other U.S. national securities exchange which the Majority Holders identify in writing as a
National Securities Exchange for purposes hereof (and, in each case, a successor U.S. national securities exchange thereto).

Note Conversion
Shares means shares of Common Stock issued at the effective time of the Merger upon conversion (or in exchange for securities
of Adaptin issued upon conversion) of the outstanding Bridge Notes of Adaptin, in the number indicated next to each Registrable Adaptin
Stockholders name on Schedule 4 hereto, and any shares of Common Stock issued or issuable with respect to such shares upon any
stock split, dividend or other distribution, recapitalization or similar event with respect to the foregoing.

Offering Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issued to the Purchasers pursuant to the Subscription Agreements, and any shares of Common Stock issued
or issuable with respect to such shares upon any stock split, dividend or other distribution, recapitalization or similar event with respect
to the foregoing.

Offering Warrant
Shares means the A Warrant Shares and the B Warrant Shares.

Piggyback Registration
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(d)(i) of this Agreement.

Placement
Agent Warrant Shares means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon exercise of the Placement Agent Warrants,
and any shares of Common Stock issued or issuable with respect to such shares upon any stock split, dividend or other distribution, recapitalization
or similar event with respect to the foregoing.

Placement
Agent Warrants shall have the meaning set forth in the Subscription Agreement.

Pre-Merger
Warrant Shares means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Merger Warrants, and any shares
of Common Stock issued or issuable with respect to such shares upon any stock split, dividend or other distribution, recapitalization
or similar event with respect to the foregoing.

The terms register,
registered, and registration refer to a registration effected by preparing and
filing a registration statement in compliance with the Securities Act, and such registration statement becoming effective.

Prospectus
means the prospectus included in a Registration Statement (including, without limitation, a prospectus that includes any information previously
omitted from a prospectus filed as part of an effective registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A promulgated by the Commission
pursuant to the Securities Act), as amended or supplemented by any prospectus supplement, with respect to the terms of the offering of
any portion of the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement, and all other amendments and supplements to the Prospectus,
including post-effective amendments, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such Prospectus.

4

Registrable Pre-Merger
Shares means shares of Common Stock held by stockholders of the Company prior to the Merger and remaining outstanding immediately
following the effective time of the Merger in the number indicated next to each Registrable Pre-Merger Stockholders name on Schedule
3 hereto, and any shares of Common Stock issued or issuable with respect to such shares upon any stock split, dividend or other distribution,
recapitalization or similar event with respect to the foregoing.

Registrable Pre-Merger
Stockholder means a person holding Registrable Pre-Merger Shares immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger.

Registrable Securities
means the following held by a Holder: (a) the Offering Shares, (b) the Offering Warrant Shares, (c) the Pre-Merger Warrant Shares,
(d) the Note Conversion Shares, (e) the Registrable Pre-Merger Shares, (f) the Placement Agent Warrant Shares and (g) other shares of
Restricted Common Stock held by the Holders, hereinafter acquired or issuable in respect of the foregoing shares of Common Stock by way
of conversion, dividend, stock-split, distribution or exchange, merger, consolidation, recapitalization or reclassification or similar
transaction. Such securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities hereunder with respect to any Holder on the earlier of (x) the date
on which they have been sold or otherwise transferred other than in a transaction in which the purchaser or other transferee acquires
rights hereunder in accordance herewith, and (y) the date on which Rule 144 becomes available for a Holder, permitting such Holder to
sell within a ninety (90)-day period all the Registrable Securities held by such Holder without volume or manner of sale restrictions.

Registration Default
Period means the period beginning on the date on which any Registration Event occurs and ending on the date on which such
Registration Event is cured, inclusive.

Registration Effectiveness
Date means the date that is the earlier of (a) five (5) Trading Days after the Company is notified by the Commission that
the Initial Registration Statement will not be reviewed or is no longer subject to further review and comment, and (b) one hundred twenty
(120) calendar days after the Effective Date (plus, if applicable, a number of days equal to the Tolling Period).

Registration Event
means the occurrence of any of the following events:

(a) the
Company fails to file with the Commission the Initial Registration Statement on or before the Registration Filing Date;

(b) the
Initial Registration Statement is not declared effective by the Commission on or before the Registration Effectiveness Date;

(c) any New Registration
Statement has not been filed by the New Registration Statement Filing Deadline;

(d) any New Registration
Statement has not been declared effective by the New Registration Statement Effectiveness Deadline;

5

(e) after
the SEC Effective Date, any Registration Statement ceases for any reason to remain effective or the Holders of any of the Registrable
Securities are otherwise not permitted to utilize the Prospectus therein to resell the Registrable Securities covered thereby for a period
of more than five (5) consecutive Trading Days, except for Blackout Periods permitted herein;

(f) following
the inclusion for quotation on an Approved OTC Market, the Registrable Securities, if issued and outstanding, are not listed or included
for quotation on an Approved OTC Market or a National Securities Exchange, or trading of the Common Stock is suspended or halted on the
Approved OTC Market, which at the time constitutes the principal market for the Common Stock, for more than three (3) full, consecutive
Trading Days (other than as a result of suspension or halt of substantially all trading in equity securities (including the Common Stock))
on such Approved OTC Market; or

(g) following the
inclusion for quotation on a National Securities Exchange, the Registrable Securities, if issued and outstanding, are not listed on a
National Securities Exchange, or trading of the Common Stock is suspended or halted on the National Securities Exchange, which at the
time constitutes the principal market for the Common Stock, for more than three (3) full, consecutive Trading Days (other than as
a result of suspension or halt of substantially all trading in equity securities (including the Common Stock)) on the National Securities
Exchange.

Registration
Filing Date means the date that is sixty (60) calendar days after the Effective Date, provided that if such
sixty- (60-) day period extends beyond February 14, 2025, such period shall be tolled as of February 14, 2025, and resume when the audited
financial statements of the Company for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024, are issued, or March 31, 2025, whichever is earlier
(the number of days of the sixty- (60) day period tolled as of February 14, 2025, the Tolling Period), and
provided further that the Tolling Period, if applicable, shall be a minimum of 14 calendar days.

Registration
Statement means any registration statement that the Company is required to file or files pursuant to Section 3(a)
or 3(d) of this Agreement to register the Registrable Securities and any successor registration statement.

Restricted
Common Stock means any shares of Common Stock that are subject to resale restrictions pursuant to the Securities Act and
the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, including, but not limited to, securities: (1) acquired directly or indirectly from
the issuer or an affiliate of the issuer in unregistered offerings such as private placements; (2) acquired through an employee stock
benefit plan or as compensation for professional services; or (3) considered restricted securities under Rule 144. For purposes
of clarity Restricted Common Stock does not include Common Stock that is restricted solely as a result of contractual restrictions, including
but not limited to lock-up or similar contractual agreements.

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission under the Securities Act, as such rule may be amended or supplemented from time to time,
or any similar successor rule that may be promulgated by the Commission.

6

Rule 145
means Rule 145 promulgated by the Commission under the Securities Act, as such rule may be amended or supplemented from time to time,
or any similar successor rule that may be promulgated by the Commission.

Rule 415
means Rule 415 promulgated by the Commission under the Securities Act, as such rule may be amended or supplemented from time to time,
or any similar successor rule that may be promulgated by the Commission.

SEC Effective
Date means the date the Registration Statement is declared effective by the Commission.

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any similar federal statute promulgated in replacement thereof, and the rules and regulations
of the Commission promulgated thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect at the time.

Trading Day
means any day on which the Approved OTC Market or National Securities Exchange that at the time constitutes the principal securities market
for the Common Stock, is open for general trading of securities (or if there is no Approved OTC Market or National Securities Exchange
that at the time constitutes the principal securities market for the Common Stock, then any day on which the New York Stock Exchange is
open for general trading of securities).

2. Term.
This Agreement shall terminate with respect to each Holder on the earlier of: (i) the date that is five (5) years from the SEC
Effective Date, and (ii) the date on which no Registrable Securities are outstanding (the Term). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Section 3(b), Section 6, Section 8, Section 9 and Section 10 shall survive the termination of this
Agreement.

3. Registration.

(a) Registration
on Form S-1. The Company shall prepare and file with the Commission a Registration Statement on Form S-1, or any other
form for which the Company then qualifies or which counsel for the Company shall deem appropriate and which form shall be available for
the resale by the Holders of all of the Registrable Securities on a delayed or continuous basis (including in stock exchange transactions
and underwritten offerings) (the Initial Registration Statement), and the Company shall (i) make the
initial filing of the Initial Registration Statement with the Commission no later than the Registration Filing Date, (ii) use its
commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Initial Registration Statement to be declared effective no later than the Registration Effectiveness
Date and (iii) use its commercially reasonable efforts to keep such Registration Statement continuously effective (including by filing
a new Registration Statement if the initial Registration Statement expires) for a period of five (5) years after the SEC Effective
Date or for such shorter period ending on the first date on which (a) there no longer any outstanding Registrable Securities and (b) the
availability of Rule 144 for the holders to sell all of the Registrable Securities without volume limitations or other manner of sale
restrictions within a 90-day period (the Effectiveness Period). Any Registration Statement shall contain the
Plan of Distribution section in substantially the form thereof attached as Exhibit A hereto. Upon the Company becoming
eligible to register the Registrable Securities for resale by the Holders on Form S-3, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts
to amend the Registration Statement to a Registration Statement on Form S-3 or file a Registration Statement on Form S-3 in substitution
of the Registration Statement as initially filed as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter (provided that the Company shall maintain
the effectiveness of the Registration Statement then in effect until such time as a Registration Statement (or post-effective amendment)
on Form S-3 covering such Registrable Securities has been declared effective by the Commission). The Company shall be entitled to suspend
sales of Registrable Securities pursuant to a Registration Statement and the use of any related prospectus during a Blackout Period for
the reasons and time periods set forth in the definition thereof. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts within sixty
(60) calendar days after the SEC Effective Date, or within ten Business Days after the first date that is permitted by the Commission
to (the New Registration Statement Filing Deadline), register for resale as many of the Reduction Securities
as the Commission will permit (pro rata among the Holders of such Reduction Securities) using one or more Registration Statements (any
such Registration Statement, a New Registration Statement) that it is then entitled to use, and to cause such
registration statement(s) to become effective as soon as practicable(the New Registration Statement Effectiveness Deadline),
until all of the Reduction Securities have been so registered; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to register such
Reduction Securities during a Blackout Period. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause each Registration Statement
to be declared effective under the Securities Act, as soon as possible, and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to keep such
Registration Statement continuously effective (including by filing an additional Registration Statement if the Initial Registration Statement
expires), and under the Securities Act during the Effectiveness Period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall be entitled to
suspend the effectiveness of any Registration Statement at any time prior to the expiration of the Effectiveness Period for the reasons
and time periods permitted during a Blackout Period. No liquidated damages shall accrue or be payable to any Holder pursuant to Section 3(b)
below with respect to any Registrable Securities that are excluded by reason of (i) the Staff limiting the number of Registrable Securities
that may be sold pursuant to a registration statement (provided that the Company continues to use commercially reasonable efforts to register
such Reduction Securities for resale by other available means as set forth herein) or (ii) such Holder failing to provide to the Company
information concerning the Holder and the manner of distribution of the Holders Registrable Securities that is required by the
SEC or in response to SEC comments to be disclosed in a registration statement utilized in connection with the registration of Registrable
Securities. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if the Commission limits the Companys ability to file, or prohibits
or delays the filing of a new registration statement, the Companys compliance with such limitation, prohibition or delay solely
to the extent of such limitation, prohibition or delay shall not be deemed a failure by the Company to use commercially reasonable efforts
as set forth above or elsewhere in this Agreement and shall not require the payment of any liquidated damages by the Company under this
Agreement.

7

(b) Partial
Liquidated Damages. If a Registration Event occurs, then the Company will make payments to each Holder of Registrable Securities,
as partial liquidated damages to such Holder by reason of the Registration Event (but without limiting the rights and remedies of such
Holder, including injunctive and other equitable relief), a cash sum calculated at a rate of twelve percent (12%) per annum (for the duration
of the applicable Registration Default Period) of the total of the following, to the extent applicable to such Holder: (i) if the Holder
is a Holder of Note Conversion Shares, the product of $3.30 (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, combinations, recapitalizations
or similar events) multiplied by the number of Note Conversion Shares held by or issuable to such Holder as of the date of such Registration
Event, (ii) if the Holder is a Holder of Offering Shares, A Warrant Shares, Pre-Merger Warrant Shares, Registrable Pre-Merger Shares or
Placement Agent Warrant Shares, the product of $4.40 (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, combinations, recapitalizations or
similar events) multiplied by the number of Offering Shares, A Warrant Shares, Pre-Merger Warrant Shares, Registrable Pre-Merger Shares
or Placement Agent Warrant Shares, as the case may be, held by or issuable to such Holder as of the date of such Registration Event, or
(iii) if the Holder is a Holder of B Warrant Shares, the product of $6.60 (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, combinations,
recapitalizations or similar events) multiplied by the number of Note Conversion Shares held by or issuable to such Holder as of the date
of such Registration Event, but in each case, only with respect to such Holders Registrable Securities that are affected by such
Registration Event and only for the applicable Registration Default Period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the maximum amount of liquidated
damages that may be paid by the Company to any Holder pursuant to this Section 3(b) shall be an amount equal to five percent (5%) of the
applicable foregoing amounts described in clauses (i) and (ii) in the preceding sentence with respect to such Holders Registrable
Securities that are affected by all Registration Events in the aggregate, and (ii) no penalties shall accrue with respect to any Registrable
Securities removed from the Registration Statement in response to a comment from the Staff limiting the number of shares of Registrable
Securities which may be included in the Registration Statement, after they cease to be Registrable Securities, or, with respect to any
Registration Event defined by clause (b) or (d) of the definition of Registration Event set forth above, are held by any
Holder who delayed or failed to provide information reasonably requested by the Company in connection with the preparation of the applicable
Registration Statement. For clarity, and by way of example, if the sum of clauses (i) and (ii) for a specified Holder in the first sentence
of this Section 3(b) is $10,000,000, liquidated damages payable by the Company to such Holder by reason of one or more Registration Events
affecting all Registrable Securities of such Holder would accrue at a rate of twelve percent (12%) per annum (for the duration of the
applicable Registration Default Period) until such time that all liquidated damages payable to such Holder reached a cap of $500,000 in
the aggregate for all Registration Events. Each payment pursuant to this Section 3(b) shall be due and payable in cash in arrears
within five (5) days after the end of each full 30-day period of the Registration Default Period until the termination
of the Registration Default Period and within five (5) days after such termination. Until the maximum amount of liquidated damages
is paid, such payments shall constitute the Holders sole and exclusive remedy for money damages in respect of any Registration
Event; provided, for the avoidance of doubt, that the foregoing shall not affect any Holders right, at any time, to seek or obtain
injunction or other equitable relief in respect of any Registration Event. The Registration Default Period shall terminate upon the earlier
of such time as the Registrable Securities that are affected by the Registration Event cease to be Registrable Securities or (i) the
filing of the Registration Statement in the case of clause (a) of the definition of Registration Event, (ii) the SEC Effective
Date in the case of clause (b) of the definition of Registration Event, (iii) the ability of the Holders to effect sales pursuant
to the Registration Statement in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Registration Event, and (iv) the listing or inclusion
and/or trading of the Common Stock on an Approved OTC Market or National Securities Exchange, as the case may be, in the case of clause
(d) or clause (e) of the definition of Registration Event; provided, that in the event of a cure of one or more of the Registration Events
described in clauses (i)-(iv) above when a separate Registration Event shall be continuing, the Registration Default Period shall continue
until all such Registration Events have ceased. The amounts payable as liquidated damages pursuant to this Section 3(b) shall be payable
in lawful money of the United States.

8

(c) Other Limitations.
Notwithstanding the registration obligations set forth in Section 2(a), if the Staff informs the Company that all of the Registrable Securities
cannot, as a result of the application of Rule 415 under the Securities Act, be registered for resale as a secondary offering on a single
Registration Statement, the Company agrees to promptly inform each of the Holders thereof and file and an amendment to the Registration
Statement as required by the Staff, covering the maximum number of Registrable Securities permitted to be registered by the Staff as a
secondary offering; provided, however, that prior to filing such amendment, the Company shall be obligated to use reasonably diligent
efforts to advocate with the Staff for the registration of all of the Registrable Securities in accordance with applicable guidance of
the Staff , including without limitation, Compliance and Disclosure Interpretation 612.09. Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Agreement and subject to the payment of liquidated damages pursuant to Section 2(c), if the Staff limits the number of Registrable Securities
permitted to be registered on a particular Registration Statement as a secondary offering (and notwithstanding that the Company used reasonably
diligent efforts to advocate with the Staff for the registration of all or a greater portion of Registrable Securities), the Company shall
remove from the Registration Statement such number of Registrable Securities as specified by the Commission on behalf of all of the holders
of Registrable Securities from the Registrable Securities in the following order: (i) first from the Placement Agent Warrant Shares,
on a pro rata basis among the holders thereof; (ii) second from the Registrable Pre-Merger Shares, on a pro rata basis among
the holders thereof; (iii) third from the Offering Shares, the Offering Warrant Shares, the Pre-Merger Warrant Shares and the Note
Conversion Shares, on a pro rata basis among the holders thereof (any such eliminated shares, the Reduction Securities).
In the event of a cutback hereunder, the Company shall give the Holder at least three (3) Trading Days prior written notice along with
the calculations as to such Holders allotment. In the event the Company amends the Initial Registration Statement in accordance
with the foregoing, the Company will file with the Commission, as promptly as allowed by the Staff or applicable guidance of the Staff
provided to the Company or to registrants of securities in general, one or more New Registration Statements on such other form available
to register for resale the Reduction Securities.

(d) Piggyback
Registrations.

(i) With
respect to any Registrable Securities not otherwise included in a Registration Statement pursuant to Section 3(a) as a result of any limitation
imposed by the Staff, or otherwise (the Excluded Registrable Securities), whenever the Company proposes to
register (including, for this purpose, a registration effected by the Company for other shareholders) any of its securities under the
Securities Act (other than pursuant to (i) a Registration Statement pursuant to Section 3(a) hereof or (ii) registration pursuant to a
registration statement on Form S-4 or S-8 or any successor forms thereto), and the registration form to be used may be used for the registration
of Registrable Securities, the Company will give written notice to each holder of Excluded Registrable Securities of its intention to
effect such a registration and will, subject to the provisions of Subsection 3(d)(ii) hereof, and to the extent permitted by the Staff,
include in such registration all Excluded Registrable Securities with respect to which the Company has received a written request for
inclusion therein within fifteen (15) days after the receipt of the Companys notice (a Piggyback Registration).

9

(ii) If
a Piggyback Registration is an underwritten secondary registration on behalf of holders of the Companys securities, and the managing
underwriters advise the Company in writing that in their opinion the number of securities requested to be included in such registration
exceeds the number which can be sold in such offering without adversely affecting the marketability of the offering, the Company will
include in such registration a pro rata share of Excluded Registrable Securities requested to be included in such Registration Statement
as calculated by dividing the number of Excluded Registrable Securities requested to be included in such Registration Statement by the
number of the Companys securities requested to be included in such Registration Statement by all selling security holders. In such
event, the holder of Excluded Registrable Securities shall continue to have registration rights under this Agreement with respect to any
Excluded Registrable Securities not so included in, and sold pursuant to, such Registration Statement.

(iii) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if, at any time after giving a notice of Piggyback Registration and prior to the effective date of the Registration Statement
filed in connection with such registration, the Company shall determine for any reason not to register or to delay registration of such
securities, the Company may, at its election, give written notice of such determination to each record holder of Excluded Registrable
Securities and, following such notice, (i) in the case of a determination not to register, shall be relieved of its obligation to register
any Excluded Registrable Securities in connection with such registration, and (ii) in the case of a determination to delay registering,
shall be permitted to delay registering any Excluded Registrable Securities for the same period as the delay in registering such other
securities.

4. Registration
Procedures. The Company will keep each Holder reasonably advised as to the filing and effectiveness of any Registration Statement.
At its expense with respect to any Registration Statement, the Company will:

(a) subject
to compliance with Section 5(b), prepare and file with the Commission with respect to the Registrable Securities, any Registration Statement
in accordance with Section 3(a) hereof, and use its reasonable efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become effective as
soon as possible after the filing thereof and to remain effective (with the Prospectus included therein available for the resale of the
Registrable Securities) for the Effectiveness Period and file the Prospectus pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act within one
(1) Trading Day following the date the Registration Statement is declared effective;

(b) not
name any Holder in any Registration Statement as an underwriter without that Holders prior written consent;

(c) if
any Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto is subject to review by the Commission, promptly respond to all comments,
diligently pursue resolution of any comments to the satisfaction of the Commission and file all amendments and supplements to such Registration
Statement as may be required to respond to comments from the Commission and otherwise to enable such Registration Statement to be declared
effective;

(d) during
the Effectiveness Period, prepare and file with the Commission such amendments and supplements to any Registration Statement as may be
necessary to keep such Registration Statement continuously effective, current and up-to-date for the applicable time period required hereunder
and, if applicable, file any Registration Statement pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act; and cause the related Prospectus
to be supplemented by any required prospectus supplement, and as so supplemented to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 (or any similar provisions
then in force) promulgated under the Securities Act;

10

(e) not
less than four (4) Trading Days prior to filing any Registration Statement or any related prospectus or any amendment or supplement
thereto, furnish to the Holders (and/or, if so specified by any Holder, legal counsel to such Holder) copies of or a link to all such
documents proposed to be filed (other than those incorporated by reference and those amendments and supplements which are solely composed
of a cover page and the form of one or more of the Companys reports previously filed under the Exchange Act) and duly consider
in good faith any comments timely received from the Holders (or from legal counsel to any such Holder, as applicable);

(f) furnish,
without charge, to each Holder of Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement (i) a reasonable number of copies
of such Registration Statement (including any exhibits thereto other than exhibits incorporated by reference), each amendment and supplement
thereto as such Holder may reasonably request, (ii) such number of copies of the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement
(including each preliminary prospectus and any prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act) as such Holders may reasonably
request, in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act, and (iii) such other documents as such Holder may reasonably
require to consummate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by such Holder, but only during the Effectiveness Period; provided
that the Company shall have no obligation to furnish any document pursuant to this clause that is available on the Electronic Data Gathering,
Analysis, and Retrieval (EDGAR) system;

(g) use
its reasonable efforts to register or qualify the securities covered by such Registration Statement under such other applicable securities
laws of such jurisdictions within the United States, including blue sky laws, as any Holder of Registrable Securities covered
by such Registration Statement reasonably requests and as may be reasonably necessary for the marketability of the Registrable Securities
and do any and all other acts and things reasonably necessary to enable such Holder to consummate the disposition in such jurisdictions
of the Registrable Securities owned by such Holder; provided, that the Company shall not be required to (i) qualify generally
to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this paragraph or (ii) consent to general
service of process in any such jurisdiction where it has not already done so;

(h) as
promptly as practicable after becoming aware of any event, notify each Holder of Registrable Securities at any time when a Prospectus
relating thereto is required to be delivered under the Securities Act, of the happening of any event that will, after the occurrence of
such event, cause the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement, if not amended or supplemented, to contain an untrue statement
of a material fact or an omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading and the Company shall promptly thereafter prepare and furnish
to such Holder a supplement or amendment to such Prospectus (or, if a Registration Statement is on Form S-3, prepare and file appropriate
reports under the Exchange Act) so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of such Registrable Securities, such Prospectus shall
not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, except in the event of a Blackout
Period, in which case no supplement or amendment need be furnished (or Exchange Act filing made) until the termination of such Blackout
Period;

11

(i) comply,
and continue to comply during the Effectiveness Period, in all material respects with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and with
all applicable rules and regulations of the Commission with respect to the disposition of all securities covered by such Registration
Statement;

(j) as
promptly as practicable after becoming aware of such event, notify each Holder of Registrable Securities being offered or sold pursuant
to any Registration Statement of the issuance by the Commission or any other federal or state governmental authority of any stop order
or other suspension of effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose;

(k) use its reasonable best
efforts to obtain all other approvals, consents, exemptions or authorizations from such governmental agencies or authorities as may be
necessary to enable the Holders and underwriters to consummate the disposition of Registrable Securities;

(l) enter into customary
agreements (including any underwriting agreements in customary form, including any representations and warranties and lock-up provisions
therein), and take such other actions as may be reasonably required in order to expedite or facilitate the disposition of Registrable
Securities pursuant to any Piggyback Registration;

(m) use
its reasonable best efforts to furnish, or cause to be furnished, on the date that such Registrable Securities are delivered to the underwriters
for sale, if such securities are being sold through underwriters in a firm commitment public offering, (i) an opinion, dated as of such
date, of the counsel representing the Company for the purposes of such registration, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the
managing underwriter, addressed to the underwriters and (ii) a comfort letter dated as of such date, from the independent
certified public accountants of the Company, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the managing underwriter, addressed to the
underwriters;

(n) use its reasonable best
efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the Commission and make available to its shareholders, as soon as reasonably
practicable, but no later than sixteen (16) months after the effective date of any Registration Statement (as defined in Rule 168(c) under
the Securities Act), an earnings statement that satisfies the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 thereunder;

(o) provide officers
certificates and other customary closing documents, if applicable;

(p) use
its reasonable best efforts to cause the shares of Common Stock to be, and remain, quoted on an Approved OTC Market unless listed on a
National Securities Exchange;

(q) cooperate
with each Holder and each underwriter participating in the disposition of such Registrable Securities and underwriters counsel
in connection with any filings required to be made with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA);
and

12

(r) use
its commercially reasonable efforts to:

(i) cause
a FINRA-registered broker-dealer (the Market Maker) to (A) sponsor the Common Stock, (B) file with FINRA,
no later than fifteen (15) days after the Registration Statement is initially filed with the Commission, a Form 211 together with
the required documentation and information in connection therewith, (C) respond promptly to any requests from FINRA for additional information
in connection therewith (and the Company will provide reasonable cooperation to the Market-Maker in fulfillment thereof), and (D) clear
the Market Maker by FINRA to initiate quotation of the Common Stock on an Approved OTC Market at the earliest practicable date after the
filing of the Form 211, and use its reasonable best efforts to cause a second Market Maker to register with FINRA in respect of the Common
Stock as soon thereafter as possible; and

(ii) cause
the Common Stock to be DTC-, DWAC- and DRS-eligible no later than the initiation of quotation of the Common Stock on an Approved OTC Market.

(s) in the event of an underwritten
public offering by the Company, cause appropriate officers as are reasonably requested by a managing underwriter or investment bank to
participate in a road show or similar marketing effort being conducted by such underwriter with respect to such underwritten
public offering;

(t) provide
a transfer agent and registrar that is registered with the Commission and a participant in DTCs Fast Automated Securities Transfer
Program, which shares may be a single entity, for the shares of Common Stock at all times, and cooperate with the Holders to facilitate
the timely preparation and delivery of the Registrable Securities to be delivered to a transferee pursuant to a resale of Registrable
Securities pursuant to a Registration Statement (whether electronically or in certificated form) which Registrable Securities shall be
free, to the extent permitted by the applicable Subscription Agreement and applicable law, of all restrictive legends, and to enable such
Registrable Securities to be in such denominations and registered in such names as any such Holders may request;

(u) cooperate
with the Holders of Registrable Securities being offered pursuant to any Registration Statement to issue and deliver, or cause its transfer
agent to issue and deliver, evidence of book-entry positions representing Registrable Securities to be offered pursuant to such Registration
Statement within a reasonable time after the delivery of evidence of book-entry positions representing the Registrable Securities to the
transfer agent or the Company, as applicable, and enable such positions to be in such denominations or amounts as the Holders may reasonably
request and registered in such names as the Holders may request;

(v) notify
the Holders, the Brokers and their counsel as promptly as reasonably possible and (if requested by any such person) confirm such notice
in writing no later than one (1) Trading Day following the day: (i)(A) when a Prospectus or any prospectus supplement or post-effective
amendment to a Registration Statement is proposed to be filed (other than those incorporated by reference and those amendments and supplements
which are solely composed of a cover page and the form of one or more of the Companys reports previously filed under the Exchange
Act); (B) when the Commission notifies the Company whether there will be a no review, review or a completion
of a review of such Registration Statement and whenever the Commission comments in writing on such Registration Statement (in which
case the Company shall provide true and complete copies thereof and all written responses thereto to each of the Holders that pertain
to the Holders as a selling stockholder, but not information which the Company believes would constitute material non-public information);
and (C) with respect to the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment, when the same has been declared effective, provided,
however, that such notice under this clause (C) shall be delivered to each Holder; (ii) during the Effectiveness Period, of
any request by the Commission or any other federal or state governmental authority for amendments or supplements to a Registration Statement
or prospectus or for additional information that pertains to the Holders as selling stockholders; or (iii) during the Effectiveness
Period, of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption from qualification
of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose;

13

(w) during
the Effectiveness Period, refrain from bidding for or purchasing any Common Stock or any right to purchase Common Stock or attempting
to induce any person to purchase any such security or right if such bid, purchase or attempt would in any way limit the right of the Holders
to sell Registrable Securities by reason of the limitations set forth in Regulation M under the Exchange Act;

(x) use
its reasonable best efforts to avoid the issuance of, or, if issued, obtain the withdrawal of (i) any order stopping or suspending the
effectiveness of a Registration Statement or suspending or preventing the use of any related prospectus, or (ii) any suspension of the
qualification (or exemption from qualification) of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, at the earliest practicable
moment;

(y) use its reasonable best
efforts to assist a Holder in facilitating any sales (including but not limited to private sales) or other transfers of Registrable Securities
by, among other things, providing officers certificates and other customary closing documents reasonably requested by a Holder
without charge to the Holder (but the Holder shall be responsible for any third-party expenses and for clarity, such certificates and
other customary closing documents shall not be deemed to include opinions or negative assurance letters from Company counsel or comfort
letters delivered by the Companys independent registered public accounting firm);

(z) if required
by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. Corporate Financing Department, promptly effect, or cause to have effected, a filing
with the FINRA Corporate Financing Department pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110 (or successor thereto) with respect to the public offering contemplated
by resales of securities under the Registration Statement (an Issuer Filing), pay the filing fee required
by such Issuer Filing, and use its reasonable best efforts to pursue the Issuer Filing until FINRA issues a letter confirming that it
does not object to the terms of the offering contemplated by the Registration Statement, and otherwise cooperate with any broker-dealer
through which a Holder proposes to resell its Registrable Securities in effecting a filing with the FINRA Corporate Financing Department
pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110 (or successor thereto), as requested by any such Holder, and the Company shall pay the filing fee required
by such filing within two (2) Trading Days of the request therefor;

14

(aa) (i) cause legal
counsel to the Company, at the Companys expense, (a) to issue to the transfer agent for the Common Stock, within one (1) Trading
Day after the SEC Effective Date, a blanket legal opinion in customary form to the effect that the Registrable Securities
covered by the Registration Statement have been registered for resale under the Securities Act and, if such counsel has received a signed
certificate in the form attached as Exhibit B hereto (a Legend Removal Certificate) from the holder
of the Registrable Securities, may then be reissued without any legend or restriction relating to their status as restricted securities
as defined in Rule 144 (Legend Removal Shares), or, otherwise, may then be reissued without any legend or
restriction relating to their status as restricted securities as defined in Rule 144 upon resale pursuant to such registration
statement; and (b) promptly to amend such opinion to cause the Registrable Securities to be Legend Removal Shares after later receipt
of a Legend Removal Certificate from the Holder, and (ii) cause the transfer agent for the Common Stock to issue such Registrable Securities
without any such legend within three (3) Trading Days after the transfer agents receipt of such legal opinion with respect to Legend
Removal Shares or otherwise within three (3) Trading Days after the transfer agents receipt of evidence in customary form that
the Registrable Securities have been sold pursuant to an effective resale registration statement under the Securities Act, in either case
via DWAC or as otherwise requested by the Holder; and

(bb) take
all other commercially reasonable actions necessary to enable, expedite or facilitate the Holders to dispose of the Registrable Securities
by means of any Registration Statement contemplated hereby during the Term.

5. Obligations
of the Holders.

(a) At
any time, and from time to time, after the Registration Effectiveness Date, the Company may notify one or more of the Holders (in each
case, the Specified Holders) in writing (each, a Suspension Notice) of the happening
of: (i) any event of the kind described in Section 4(h) or (j); (ii) any Blackout Period; or (iii) only with respect to a Holder who is
an insider covered by such program, any suspension by the Company, pursuant to a written insider trading policy adopted
by the Companys Board of Directors, of the ability of all insiders covered by such program to transact in the Companys
securities because of the existence of material non-public information (each, a Suspension Event). Upon receipt
of any Suspension Notice, each Specified Holder shall as promptly as practicable discontinue disposition of such Holders Registrable
Securities covered by the Registration Statement until such Specified Holder receives the supplemented or amended prospectus contemplated
by Section 4(h), such Blackout Period shall have terminated or the restriction on the ability of insiders to transact in
the Companys securities is removed, as applicable. The foregoing right to suspend may be exercised by the Company for no longer
than forty-five (45) Trading Days in any consecutive twelve (12)-month period, except, in the case of Holders that are subject to
such policy by its terms, with respect to suspensions under the written insider trading policy adopted by the Companys Board of
Directors, (and for the avoidance of doubt, if the delay or suspension relates to a Blackout Period, the period of delay or suspension
shall also count against the maximum number of days for Blackout Periods in the definition of such term). Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary, the Company shall cause its transfer agent to deliver unlegended shares of Common Stock to a transferee of a Holder in accordance
with any sale of Registrable Securities with respect to which a Holder has entered into a contract for sale prior to the Holder's receipt
of a notice from the Company of the happening of a Blackout Period or other Suspension Event.

(b) The
Holders of the Registrable Securities shall provide such information as may reasonably be requested by the Company in connection with
the preparation of the Registration Statement, including amendments and supplements thereto, in order to effect the registration of any
Registrable Securities under the Securities Act pursuant to Section 3(a) of this Agreement and in connection with the Companys
obligation to comply with federal and applicable state securities laws, including a completed questionnaire in the form attached to this
Agreement as Annex A (a Selling Securityholder Questionnaire).

15

(c) Each
Holder, by its acceptance of the Registrable Securities, agrees to cooperate with the Company as reasonably requested by the Company in
connection with the preparation and filing of the Registration Statement hereunder, unless such Holder has notified the Company in writing
of its election to exclude all of its Registrable Securities from such Registration Statement.

6. Registration
Expenses. The Company shall pay all expenses arising from or incident to the performance of, or compliance with, this Agreement, including,
without limitation, (i) the Commission, stock exchange, OTC Markets Group, FINRA and other registration and filing fees, (ii) rating agencies
fees to the extent necessary to provide for blue sky qualification as required by Section 4(g) herein, (iii) all fees and expenses incurred
in connection with complying with any securities or blue sky laws (including reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements
of counsel in connection with blue sky qualifications of the Registrable Securities), (iv) all printing (including financial printer),
messenger and delivery expenses, (v) the fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Company and of its independent registered public
accounting firm and any other accounting and legal fees, charges and expenses incurred by the Company (including any expenses arising
from any special audits or comfort letters required in connection with or incident to any registration), (vi) the fees,
charges and disbursements of any special experts retained by the Company in connection with any registration pursuant to the terms of
this Agreement, (vii) all internal expenses of the Company (including all salaries and expenses of its officers and employees performing
legal or accounting duties), (viii) the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any
securities exchange, (ix) Securities Act liability insurance (if the Company elects to obtain such insurance), regardless of whether a
Registration Statement filed in connection with such registration is declared effective and (x) reasonable and documented fees, charges
and disbursements of a single counsel to the Holders selected by at least a majority of the Registrable Securities, in an amount not to
exceed $35,000 in the aggregate per Registration Statement or Piggyback Registration; provided, that, in any underwritten
registration, the Company shall have no obligation to pay any underwriting discounts, selling commissions or transfer taxes attributable
to the Registrable Securities being sold by the Holders thereof, which underwriting discounts, selling commissions and transfer taxes
shall be borne by such Holders. Except as provided in this Section 6 and Section 8 of this Agreement, the Company shall not
be responsible for the expenses of any attorney or other advisor employed by a Holder or for any other fees, disbursements and expenses
incurred by Holders not specifically agreed to in this Agreement.

7. Assignment
of Rights. The rights under this Agreement shall be automatically assignable by each Purchaser to any transferee or assignee of all
or any portion of the Registrable Securities (which Registrable Securities continue to constitute Restricted Common Stock following such
transfer or assignment) as long as (i) such transfer or assignment is not a sale or transfer pursuant to a Registration Statement
and is effected in accordance with applicable securities laws; (ii) such transferee or assignee agrees in writing to become bound
by and subject to the terms of this Agreement; and (iii) such Holder notifies the Company in writing of such transfer or assignment,
stating the name and address of the transferee or assignee and identifying the Registrable Securities with respect to which such rights
are being transferred or assigned. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior
written consent of the Majority Holders (other than by merger or consolidation or to a corporation which acquires the Company including
by way of acquiring all or substantially all of the Companys assets, if immediately after (and as a result of) such merger, consolidation,
reorganization or sale, the Holders own equity securities of such other corporation, which shall not require such consent).

16

8. Indemnification.

(a) To
the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company shall, and hereby does, indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent
permitted by law, each Holder, its affiliates, directors, officers, stockholders, members, managers, partners, investment advisers, employees
and agents, and each other person, if any, who controls or is under common control with such Holder within the meaning of Section 15
of the Securities Act (collectively, the Holder Indemnified Parties), against any and all losses, claims,
damages, liabilities, costs, expenses, judgments, fines, penalties, charges and amounts paid in settlement (or actions or proceedings,
whether commenced or threatened, in respect thereof) (collectively, Losses) that arise out of or are based
upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of any material fact contained in any registration statement prepared and filed
by the Company under which Registrable Securities were registered under the Securities Act, any preliminary prospectus, free writing prospectus
as defined under Rule 433(d) of the Securities Act (Free Writing Prospectus), any testing-the-water
communication that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 405 under the Securities Act (Testing the Water
Communication), any road show communication as defined in Rule 433(h) under the Securities Act (Road Show
Communication), final prospectus or summary prospectus contained therein, or any amendment or supplement thereto, or arise
out of or are based upon any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated or necessary to make
the statements therein not misleading (in the case of any prospectus or amendment or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances
in which the statements were made), and the Company shall reimburse the Holder Indemnified Parties for any legal or any other expenses
reasonably incurred by them in connection with investigating, defending or settling any such loss, claim, damage, liability, action or
proceeding; provided, however, that the Company shall not be liable in any such case (i) to the extent, but only
to the extent, that any such loss, claim, damage, liability (or action or proceeding in respect thereof) or expense arises out of or is
based upon (x) an untrue statement in or omission from such registration statement, any such preliminary prospectus, Free Writing
Prospectus, Testing the Water Communication, Road Show Communication, final prospectus, summary prospectus, amendment or supplement in
reliance upon and in conformity with written information included in the Selling Securityholder Questionnaire, attached hereto as Annex
A, furnished by a Holder or its representative (acting on such Holders behalf) to the Company expressly for use in the preparation
thereof or (y) the failure of a Holder to comply with the covenants and agreements contained in Section 5 hereof respecting
the sale of Registrable Securities. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on
behalf of the Holder Indemnified Parties and shall survive the transfer of such shares by the Holder.

(b) As
a condition to including Registrable Securities in the registration statement filed pursuant to this Agreement, each Holder agrees, severally
and not jointly, to be bound by the terms of this Section 8 and to indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by
law, the Company, each of its directors, officers, partners, and each underwriter, if any, and each other person, if any, who controls
the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act, against any Losses, insofar as such Losses arise out of or are
based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any registration statement, any preliminary
prospectus, Free Writing Prospectus, Testing the Water Communication, Road Show Communication, final prospectus, summary prospectus, amendment
or supplement thereto, or arise out of or are based upon any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue
statement or omission is included or omitted in reliance upon and in conformity with written information included in the Selling Securityholder
Questionnaire, attached hereto as Annex A, furnished by the Holder or its representative (acting on such Holders behalf) to the
Company expressly for use in the preparation thereof, and such Holder shall reimburse the Company, and its directors, officers, partners,
and any such controlling persons for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection with investigating, defending,
or settling any such loss, claim, damage, liability, action, or proceeding; provided, however, that the indemnity obligation
contained in this Section 8(b) shall in no event exceed the amount of the net proceeds received by such Holder as a result of the
sale of such Holders Registrable Securities pursuant to such registration statement. Such indemnity shall remain in full force
and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Company or any such director, officer or controlling person and
shall survive the transfer by any Holder of such shares.

17

(c) Promptly
after receipt by an indemnified party of notice of the commencement of any action or proceeding involving a claim referred to in this
Section 8 (including any governmental action), such indemnified party shall, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against
an indemnifying party, give written notice to the indemnifying party of the commencement of such action; provided, however,
that the failure of any indemnified party to give notice as provided herein shall not relieve the indemnifying party of its obligations
under this Section 8, except to the extent that the indemnifying party is actually prejudiced in defending such claim by such failure
to give notice in any material respect. In case any such action is brought against an indemnified party, unless in the reasonable judgment
of counsel to such indemnified party a conflict of interest between such indemnified party and indemnifying parties may exist or the indemnified
party may have defenses not available to the indemnifying party in respect of such claim, the indemnifying party shall be entitled to
participate in and to assume the defense thereof, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified party and, after notice from
the indemnifying party to such indemnified party of its election so to assume the defense thereof, the indemnifying party shall not be
liable to such indemnified party for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by the latter in connection with the defense thereof,
other than reasonable costs of investigation, unless in such indemnified partys reasonable judgment a conflict of interest between
such indemnified and indemnifying parties arises in respect of such claim or the indemnified party may have defenses not available to
the indemnifying party in respect of such claim after the assumption of the defenses thereof or the indemnifying party fails to defend
such claim in a diligent manner. Neither an indemnified party nor an indemnifying party shall be liable for any settlement of any action
or proceeding effected without its consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). No indemnifying party shall, without
the consent of the indemnified party, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement, which does not include as an unconditional
term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such indemnified party of a release from all liability in respect of such claim
or litigation or which includes any admission as to fault, culpability or failure to act on the part of such indemnified party. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary set forth herein, and without limiting any of the rights set forth above, in any event any party shall have the
right to retain, at its own expense, counsel with respect to the defense of a claim. Each indemnified party shall furnish such information
regarding itself or the claim in question as an indemnifying party may reasonably request in writing and as shall be reasonably required
in connection with defense of such claim and litigation resulting therefrom.

(d) If
an indemnifying party does not or is not permitted to assume the defense of an action pursuant to Section 8(c) or in the case of
the expense reimbursement obligation set forth in Sections 8(a) and 8(b), the indemnification required by Sections 8(a) and 8(b) shall
be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or
Losses are incurred.

18

(e) If
the indemnification provided for in Sections 8(a) and 8(b) is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unavailable to an indemnified
party with respect to any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense referred to herein, the indemnifying party, in lieu of indemnifying
such indemnified party hereunder, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such indemnified party as a result of such loss, liability,
claim, damage or expense (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the proportionate relative fault of the indemnifying
party on the one hand and the indemnified party on the other (determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged
untrue statement of a material fact or omission relates to information supplied by the indemnifying party or the indemnified party and
the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such untrue statement or omission),
or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is not permitted by applicable law or provides a lesser sum to the indemnified
party than the amount hereinafter calculated, then in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the proportionate relative
fault of the indemnifying party and the indemnified party, but also the relative benefits received by the indemnifying party on the one
hand and the indemnified party on the other, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. Notwithstanding any other provision
of this Section 8(e), no Holder shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the net proceeds received
by such Holder from the sale of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement exceeds the amount of damages that such
Holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission. No indemnified
party guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution
from any indemnifying party who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

(f) The
indemnity and contribution agreements contained in this Section 8 are in addition to any liability that the indemnifying parties
may have to the indemnified parties and are not in diminution or limitation of the indemnification provisions under the applicable Subscription
Agreement.

9. (a)
Rule 144. The Company hereby represents and warrants to each of the Holders that the Common Stock is, and as of the Effective Date
will be, registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act. The Company shall file with the Commission a current report on Form 8-K containing
Form 10 information (as defined in Rule 144(i)(3) under the Securities Act) reflecting its status as an entity that is no
longer an issuer described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i) as promptly as practicable, but in no event more than four (4) Business Days, following
the closing of the Merger. At all times on and after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall timely file (or furnish, as applicable)
all reports, statements and other documents required to be filed with (or furnished to) the Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act (the
SEC Documents), and without the prior written consent of the Majority Holders, the Company shall not terminate
or suspend, or allow the termination or suspension of, the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act or otherwise terminate
or suspend, or allow the termination or suspension of, its status as an issuer required to file reports under the Exchange Act, even if
the applicable securities laws would otherwise permit any such termination or suspension, except in connection with a sale of the Company
subject to approval of its stockholders. None of the SEC Documents, when filed, furnished or submitted, shall contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading. Without limiting the foregoing and with a view to making
available to the Holders the benefits of Rule 144, the Company hereby agrees to:

(i) make and keep public
information available, as those terms are understood and defined in Rule 144; and

19

(ii) so long as any of the
Holders holds any Registrable Securities, promptly upon such Holders request at any time on or after the date that is one (1) year
following the Companys filing of the Super 8-K, furnish to such Holder (A) a written statement by the Company that it has complied
with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act as required for applicable provisions of Rule 144, (B) a copy of the most recent annual
or quarterly report of the Company and such other reports and documents so filed by the Company and (C) such other information as may
be reasonably requested to permit such Holder to sell such securities pursuant to Rule 144 without registration.

(b) Stock Exchange Listing.
The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Common Stock to be registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and
listed on a National Securities Exchange as soon as practicable after the Company meets all of the applicable listing criteria for any
National Securities Exchange and use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Common Stock to all times thereafter remain registered under
Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and listed on a National Securities Exchange, including by ongoing compliance with all applicable listing
requirements of the National Securities Exchange. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to meet the listing criteria
for at least one National Securities Exchange as soon as reasonably possible after the Effective Date. Except as otherwise provided herein,
all expenses in connection with the matters contemplated by this Section 9(b) shall be borne by the Company.

10. Miscellaneous.

(a) Governing
Law. This Agreement and any matter related hereto shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the federal securities laws
of the United States of America (as applicable) and the laws of the State of New York, both substantive and remedial, without regard to
New York conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction. Any judicial proceeding
brought against any of the parties to this Agreement or any dispute arising out of this Agreement or any matter related hereto shall be
brought in the state or federal courts of the State of New York, New York County, and, by its execution and delivery of this Agreement,
each party to this Agreement accepts the jurisdiction of such courts. The foregoing consent to jurisdiction shall not be deemed to confer
rights on any person other than the parties to this Agreement. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY
IN ANY ACTION OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER TRANSACTION
DOCUMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY OR THE ACTIONS OF SUCH PARTY IN THE NEGOTIATION, ADMINISTRATION, PERFORMANCE
AND ENFORCEMENT HEREOF.

20

(b) Remedies.
In the event of a breach by the Company or by a Holder of any of their respective obligations under this Agreement, each Holder or the
Company, as the case may be, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law and under this Agreement, including recovery
of damages (except as otherwise specifically set forth herein with respect to Registration Events), shall be entitled to specific performance
of its rights under this Agreement, without the necessity of posting bond or other security. Each of the Company and the Holders agree
that monetary damages would not provide adequate compensation for any losses incurred by reason of a breach by it of any of the provisions
of this Agreement and hereby further agrees that, in the event of any action for specific performance in respect of such breach, it shall
not assert or shall waive the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.

(c) Successors
and Assigns. Except as otherwise provided herein, the provisions hereof shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the successors,
permitted assigns, executors and administrators of the parties hereto.

(d) No
Inconsistent Agreements. The Company has not entered, as of the date hereof, and shall not enter, on or after the date of this Agreement,
into any agreement with respect to its securities that would have the effect of impairing the rights granted to the Holders in this Agreement
or otherwise conflicts with the provisions hereof. Without limiting the foregoing, the Company shall not enter into any agreement that
would require the inclusion, and shall not include, any securities other than the Registrable Securities in any Registration Statement
required be filed hereunder without the prior written consent of the Majority Holders.

(e) Entire
Agreement. This Agreement and the documents, instruments and other agreements specifically referred to herein or delivered pursuant
hereto (including the Subscription Agreements) constitute the full and entire understanding and agreement between the parties with regard
to the subjects hereof.

(f) Notices,
etc. All notices, consents, waivers, and other communications which are required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing
will be deemed given to a party (a) upon receipt, when personally delivered; (b) one (1) Business Day after deposit with a nationally
recognized overnight courier service with next day delivery specified, costs prepaid on the date of delivery, if delivered to the appropriate
address by hand or by nationally recognized overnight courier service (costs prepaid); (c) the time of transmission if sent by facsimile
or e-mail with confirmation of transmission by the transmitting equipment if such notice or communication is delivered prior
to 5:00 P.M., New York City time, on a Trading Day, or the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication
is delivered on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:00 P.M., New York City time, on any Trading Day, provided confirmation
of facsimile is mechanically or electronically generated and kept on file by the sending party and confirmation of email is kept on file,
whether electronically or otherwise, by the sending party and the sending party does not receive an automatically generated message from
the recipients email server that such e-mail could not be delivered to such recipient; (d) the date received or
rejected by the addressee, if sent by certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid; or (e) seven (7) days after the
placement of the notice into the mails (first class postage prepaid), in each case, to the party at the address, facsimile number, or e-mail address
furnished by the such party,

21

If to the Company, to:

Adaptin Bio, Inc.

3540 Toringdon Way, Suite 200, #250

Charlotte, NC 28277

Attention: Michael J. Roberts

E-mail:
mroberts@adaptin.com

with copy to:

Wyrick Robbins Yates & Ponton LLP

4101 Lake Boone Trail, Suite 300

Raleigh, NC 27607

Attention:
Donald R. Reynolds

E-mail: dreynolds@wyrick.com

if to a Holder, to:

such Holder at
the address set forth on the signature page hereto or in the Companys records;

or at such other address as any party shall have
furnished to the other parties in writing in accordance with this Section 10(h).

(g) Delays
or Omissions. No delay or omission to exercise any right, power or remedy accruing to any Holder, upon any breach or default of the
Company under this Agreement, shall impair any such right, power or remedy of such Holder nor shall it be construed to be a waiver of
any such breach or default, or an acquiescence therein, or of any similar breach or default thereunder occurring; nor shall any waiver
of any single breach or default be deemed a waiver of any other breach or default theretofore or thereafter occurring. Any waiver, permit,
consent or approval of any kind or character on the part of any Holder of any breach or default under this Agreement, or any waiver on
the part of any Holder of any provisions or conditions of this Agreement, must be in writing and shall be effective only to the extent
specifically set forth in such writing. All remedies, either under this Agreement, or by law, in equity or otherwise afforded to any holder,
shall be cumulative and not alternative.

(h) Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, and with respect to any Purchaser, by execution of an Omnibus Signature
Page to this Agreement and the applicable Subscription Agreement, each of which shall be enforceable against the parties actually executing
such counterparts, and all of which together shall constitute one instrument. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile
transmission or by an e-mail, which contains a copy of an executed signature page such as a portable document format (.pdf)
file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed)
with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or e-mail of an executed signature page such as a .pdf signature page were
an original thereof.

(i) Severability.
In the case any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, such provision shall be replaced with a valid,
legal and enforceable provision that as closely as possible reflects the parties intent with respect thereto, and the validity,
legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

22

(j) Amendments.
Except as otherwise provided herein, the provisions of this Agreement may be amended at any time and from time to time, and particular
provisions of this Agreement may be waived, with and only with an agreement or consent in writing signed by the Company and the Majority
Holders; provided that this Agreement may not be amended and the observance of any term hereof may not be waived with respect to any Holder
without the written consent of such Holder if such amendment or waiver adversely affects the rights of such Holder under this Agreement
in a manner that is different than the other Holders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a waiver or consent to depart from the provisions
hereof with respect to a matter that relates exclusively to the rights of one or more Holder and that does not adversely directly or indirectly
affect the rights of other Holder may be given by Holders holding all of the Registrable Securities to which such waiver or consent relates.
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Schedule 1 may be amended by the Company from time to time to
update the list of Brokers who hold Placement Agent Warrants (or the amount of Placement Agent Warrant Shares that such Broker
is entitled to pursuant to the terms thereof) in compliance with the terms of this Agreement and the Subscription Agreement without the
consent of the other parties hereto..

(k) Independent
Nature of Holders Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Holder hereunder are several and not joint with the obligations
of any other Holder hereunder, and no Holder shall be responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations of any other Holder
hereunder. Nothing contained herein or in any other agreement or document delivered at any closing, and no action taken by any Holder
pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Holders as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind
of group or entity, or create a presumption that the Holders are in any way acting in concert or as a group or entity with respect to
such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other matters and the Company acknowledges that the Holders
are not acting in concert or as a group, and the Company shall not assert any such claim, with respect to such obligations or transactions.
Except as expressly provided herein, each Holder shall be entitled to protect and enforce its rights, including without limitation the
rights arising out of this Agreement, and it shall not be necessary for any other Holder to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding
for such purpose. The use of a single agreement with respect to the obligations of the Company contained herein was solely in the control
of the Company, not the action or decision of any Holder, and was done solely for the convenience of the Company and not because it was
required or requested to do so by any Holder. Except as expressly provided herein, it is expressly understood and agreed that each provision
contained in this Agreement is between the Company and a Holder, solely, and not between the Company and the Holders collectively and
not between and among Holders.

(l) Subsequent
Registration Rights. Until all of the Registrable Securities have been registered for resale under an effective Registration Statement
and the Common Stock is quoted on an Approved OTC Market, the Company shall not enter into any agreement granting registration rights
more favorable than the registration rights set forth in this Agreement without the written consent of the Majority Holders.

(m) Rules of Construction.
Unless the context otherwise requires, (i) all references to Sections, Schedules or Exhibits are to Sections, Schedules or Exhibits contained
in or attached to this Agreement, (ii) each accounting term not otherwise defined in this Agreement has the meaning assigned to it in
accordance with GAAP, (iii) words in the singular or plural include the singular and plural and pronouns stated in either the masculine,
the feminine or neuter gender shall include the masculine, feminine and neuter, (iv) the use of the word including in this
Agreement shall be by way of example rather than limitation, and (v) the word or shall not be exclusive.

[Signature page follows.]

23

This Registration Rights Agreement is hereby executed
as of the date first above written.

THE COMPANY: ADAPTIN BIO, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

PURCHASERS: 

See Omnibus Signature Pages to Subscription Agreement

HOLDER OF PRE-MERGER WARRANTS

(INDIVIDUAL): HOLDER OF PRE-MERGER WARRANTS

(ENTITY):

Print Name Print Name of Entity

By: 

Signature Name: 

Title: 

HOLDER OF NOTE CONVERSION SHARES (INDIVIDUAL): HOLDER OF NOTE CONVERSION SHARES (ENTITY):

Print Name Print Name of Entity

By: 

Signature Name: 

Title: 

HOLDER OF REGISTRABLE PRE-MERGER SHARES (INDIVIDUAL): HOLDER OF REGISTRABLE PRE-MERGER SHARES (ENTITY):

Print Name Print Name of Entity

By: 

Signature Name: 

Title: 

BROKER (INDIVIDUAL): BROKER (ENTITY):

Print Name Print Name of Entity

By: 

Signature Name: 

Title: 

All Holders: Print Address 

[Signature
Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

24

Exhibit A

Form of Plan of Distribution

PLAN
OF DISTRIBUTION

The selling stockholders, which as used herein
includes donees, pledgees, transferees or other successors-in-interest selling shares of common stock or interests in shares of common
stock received after the date of this prospectus from a selling stockholder as a gift, pledge, partnership distribution or other transfer,
may, from time to time, sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any or all of their shares of common stock or interests in shares of common
stock on any stock exchange, market or trading facility on which the shares are traded or in private transactions. At and after such time,
the selling stockholders may sell all or a portion of their shares through public or private transactions at fixed prices, at prevailing
market prices at the time of sale, at prices related to the prevailing market price, at varying prices determined at the time of sale,
or at negotiated prices.

The selling stockholders may use any one or more
of the following methods when disposing of shares or interests therein:

purchases by a broker-dealer as principal and resale by such broker-dealer for its own account pursuant to this prospectus;

ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers;

block trades in which the broker-dealer so engaged will attempt to sell the shares as agent but may position and resell a portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction;

an over-the-counter distribution in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange;

through trading plans entered into by a selling stockholder pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act that are in place at the time of an offering pursuant to this prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement hereto that provide for periodic sales of their securities on the basis of parameters described in such trading plans;

short sales;

distribution to employees, members, limited partners or stockholders of the selling stockholders;

through the writing or settlement of options or other hedging transactions, whether through an options exchange or otherwise;

by pledge to secured debts and other obligations;

delayed delivery arrangements;

to or through underwriters or agents;

in at the market offerings, as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act, at negotiated prices, at prices prevailing at the time of sale or at prices related to such prevailing market prices, including sales made directly on a national securities exchange or sales made through a market maker other than on an exchange or other similar offerings through sales agents;

25

in privately negotiated transactions;

in options transactions; and

through a combination of any of the above methods of sale, as described below, or any other method permitted pursuant to applicable law.

The selling stockholders may, from time to time,
pledge or grant a security interest in some or all of the shares of common stock owned by them and, if they default in the performance
of their secured obligations, the pledgees or secured parties may offer and sell the shares of common stock, from time to time, under
this prospectus, or under an amendment to this prospectus under Rule 424(b)(3) or other applicable provision of the Securities Act amending
the list of selling stockholders to include the pledgee, transferee or other successors in interest as selling stockholders under this
prospectus. The selling stockholders also may transfer the shares of common stock in other circumstances, in which case the transferees,
pledgees or other successors in interest will be the selling beneficial owners for purposes of this prospectus.

There can be no assurance that the selling stockholders
will sell all or any of the securities offered by this prospectus. In addition, the selling stockholders may also sell securities under
Rule 144 under the Securities Act, if available, or in other transactions exempt from registration, rather than under this prospectus.
The selling stockholders have the sole and absolute discretion not to accept any purchase offer or make any sale of securities if they
deem the purchase price to be unsatisfactory at any particular time.

In connection with the sale of our common stock
or interests therein, the selling stockholders may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions,
which may in turn engage in short sales of the common stock in the course of hedging the positions they assume. The selling stockholders
may also sell shares of our common stock short and deliver these securities to close out their short positions, or loan or pledge the
common stock to broker-dealers that in turn may sell these securities. The selling stockholders may also enter into options or other transactions
with broker-dealers or other financial institutions or the creation of one or more derivative securities which require the delivery to
such broker-dealer or other financial institution of shares offered by this prospectus, which shares such broker-dealer or other financial
institution may resell pursuant to this prospectus (as supplemented or amended to reflect such transaction).

The aggregate proceeds to the selling stockholders
from the sale of the common stock offered by them will be the purchase price of the common stock less discounts or commissions, if any.
Each of the selling stockholders reserves the right to accept and, together with their agents from time to time, to reject, in whole or
in part, any proposed purchase of common stock to be made directly or through agents. We will not receive any of the proceeds from this
sale of common stock by the selling stockholders.

The selling stockholders and any underwriters,
broker-dealers or agents that are involved in selling the common stock or interests therein may be deemed to be underwriters
within the meaning of Section 2(a)(11) of the Securities Act. In such event, any commissions received by such broker-dealers or agents
and any profit on the resale of the shares purchased by them may be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts under the Securities
Act. Each selling stockholder in the Offering has informed us that it does not have any agreement or understanding, directly or indirectly,
with any person to distribute the common stock. If a selling stockholder is deemed to be an underwriter within the meaning
of the Securities Act, it will be subject to the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act.

26

To the extent required, the shares of our common
stock to be sold, the names of the selling stockholders, the respective purchase prices and public offering prices, the names of any agents,
dealer or underwriter, any applicable commissions or discounts with respect to a particular offer will be set forth in an accompanying
prospectus supplement or, if appropriate, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement that includes this prospectus.

In order to comply with the securities laws of
some states, if applicable, the common stock may be sold in these jurisdictions only through registered or licensed brokers or dealers.
In addition, in some states the common stock may not be sold unless it has been registered or qualified for sale or an exemption from
registration or qualification requirements is available and is complied with.

We have advised the selling stockholders that
the anti-manipulation rules of Regulation M under the Exchange Act may apply to sales of shares in the market and to the activities of
the selling stockholders and their affiliates. In addition, we will make copies of this prospectus (as it may be supplemented or amended
from time to time) available to the selling stockholders for the purpose of satisfying the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities
Act.

The selling stockholders may indemnify any broker-dealer
that participates in transactions involving the sale of the shares against certain liabilities, including liabilities arising under the
Securities Act.

We have agreed to indemnify the selling stockholders
against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act and state securities laws, relating to the registration of
the shares offered by this prospectus. 

Agents, broker-dealers and underwriters may be
entitled to indemnification by us and the selling stockholders against certain civil liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities
Act, or to contribution with respect to payments which the agents, broker-dealers or underwriters may be required to make in respect
thereof.

We have agreed with the selling stockholders to
keep this registration statement of which this prospectus constitutes a part effective for five years from the date it is declared effective
by the SEC or until the date on which all of the shares of common stock required to be registered by us have been sold or otherwise transferred
other than to assignees pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement. See the section of this prospectus captioned [Shares
Eligible for Future Sale Registration Rights.]

Certain of our stockholders have entered
into lock-up agreements. See the section of this prospectus captioned [Shares Eligible for Future
Sale &NegativeThickSpace; Lock-Up Agreements.]

27

Exhibit B

Form of Legend Removal Certificate

ADAPTIN BIO, INC.

LEGEND REMOVAL CERTIFICATE

(Resale Registration Statement)

The undersigned
securityholder (the Securityholder) of Adaptin Bio, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
is delivering this certificate to the Company in connection with the Securityholders request to remove the transfer restriction
legends under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), from certificates or book-entry notations issued
in the Securityholders name with respect to the number of shares of common stock, par value of $0.0001 per share, of the Company
set forth under the Securityholders name on the signature page hereof (the Shares).

A. The Securityholder hereby represents and warrants to the Company that the Securityholder is sophisticated
in financial matters and is familiar with the registration requirements under the Securities Act. If the Securityholder is an investment
fund, the Securityholders chief compliance officer (or the chief compliance officer of the general partner, manager or other entity
which manages the Securityholder) has reviewed this certificate and is aware that the Securityholder will be executing and delivering
this certificate to the Company and undertaking the obligations set forth herein.

B. The Securityholder hereby covenants to the Company that:

1. The Securityholder will transfer the Shares only:

(a) pursuant to an effective resale registration statement covering the Securityholders resale of the
Shares, which includes a prospectus that is current, and in the manner contemplated by such registration statement, including the Plan
of Distribution contained therein, provided that the Securityholder has not received oral or written notice from the Company that
use of the prospectus is suspended or that the prospectus otherwise may not be used for transfers of the Shares; or

(b) on or after the date that is one (1) year following the Companys filing of the Super 8-K (as defined
in the Subscription Agreement pursuant to which the Shares were originally issued), pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act, subject
to the satisfaction, as of the time of the transfer of the Shares, to the Companys satisfaction of the current public information
requirement of Rule 144, the holding period provisions of Rule 144(d) and, if applicable, the volume, manner-of-sale and notice provisions
of Rule 144.

(c) otherwise in accordance with the Securities Act, provided that the Securityholder provides the Company
with advance notice of such transfer and an opinion of counsel that the proposed transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act.

2. The Securityholder will provide the Company with any update to the Securityholders contact information
set forth on the signature page hereof for purposes of any notification to be delivered to me relating hereto.

28

The Securityholder
acknowledges and agrees that the Companys inside and outside legal counsel are each authorized to rely on this certificate for
purposes of preparing and delivering any legal opinion(s) required in connection with the removal of the transfer restriction legends
from the Shares and the Companys transfer agent is authorized to rely on this certificate in connection with the removal of the
transfer restriction legends from the Shares.

Very truly yours, 

Name of Securityholder: 

Signature: 

Name of Signatory: 

Title of Signatory: 

Date: 

Address: 

E-mail address: 

Number of Shares for Legend Removal: 

Share Certificate No. or Book Entry Information: 

29

Annex A

Adaptin
Bio, Inc.

Selling Securityholder Notice and Questionnaire

The undersigned beneficial owner of Registrable
Securities of [Adaptin __________________________],
a Delaware corporation (the Company), understands that the Company has filed or intends to file
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission a registration statement (the Registration Statement) for the registration
and resale under Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, of the Registrable Securities, in accordance with the terms of the
Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement) to which this document is annexed. A copy of the
Registration Rights Agreement is available from the Company upon request at the address set forth below. All capitalized terms not otherwise
defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Registration Rights Agreement.

Certain legal consequences arise from being named
as a selling security holder in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus. Accordingly, holders and beneficial owners of Registrable
Securities are advised to consult their own securities law counsel regarding the consequences of being named or not being named as a selling
security holder in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus.

NOTICE

The undersigned beneficial owner (the Selling
Securityholder) of Registrable Securities hereby elects to include the Registrable Securities owned by it in the Registration
Statement.

The undersigned hereby provides the following
information to the Company and represents and warrants that such information is accurate:

QUESTIONNAIRE

1. Name:

(a) Full Legal Name of Selling Securityholder

(b) Full Legal Name of Registered Holder (holder of record) (if not the same as (a) above) through which Registrable Securities are held:

(c) If you are not a natural person, full Legal Name of Natural Control Person (which means a natural person who directly or indirectly alone or with others has power to vote or dispose of the securities covered by this Questionnaire):

30

2. Address for Notices to Selling Securityholder:

Telephone: Fax: 

Email: 

Contact Person 

3. Broker-Dealer Status:

(a) Are you a broker-dealer?

Yes 
No 

(b) If yes to Section 3(a), did you receive your Registrable Securities as compensation for investment banking services to the Company?

Yes 
No 

Note:
If no to Section 3(b), the Commissions staff has indicated that you should be identified as an underwriter
in the Registration Statement.

(c) Are you an affiliate of a broker-dealer?

Yes 
No 

(d) If you are an affiliate of a broker-dealer, do you certify that you purchased the Registrable Securities in the ordinary course of business, and at the time of the purchase of the Registrable Securities to be resold, you had no agreements or understandings, directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute the Registrable Securities?

Yes 
No 

Note: 
If no to Section 3(d), the Commissions staff has indicated that you should be identified as an underwriter
in the Registration Statement.

31

4. Beneficial Ownership of Securities of the
Company Owned by the Selling Securityholder:

Except as set forth below in this Item
4, the undersigned is not the beneficial or registered owner of any securities of the Company.

(a) Please list the type (common stock, warrants, etc.) and amount of all securities of the Company (including any Registrable Securities) beneficially owned1 by the Selling Securityholder:

5. Relationships with the Company:

Except as set forth below, neither
you nor (if you are a natural person) any member of your immediate family, nor (if you are not a natural person) any of your affiliates2,
officers, directors or principal equity holders (owners of 5% of more of the equity securities of the undersigned) has held any position
or office or has had any other material relationship with the Company (or its predecessors or affiliates) during the past three years.

State any exceptions here:

1 Beneficially Owned: A beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise has or shares (i) voting power, including the power to direct the voting of such security, or (ii) investment power, including the power to dispose of, or direct the disposition of, such security. In addition, a person is deemed to have beneficial ownership of a security of which such person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time within sixty (60) days, including, but not limited to, any right to acquire such security: (i) through the exercise of any option, warrant or right, (ii) through the conversion of any security or (iii) pursuant to the power to revoke, or the automatic termination of, a trust, discretionary account or similar arrangement.

It is possible that a security may
have more than one beneficial owner, such as a trust, with two co-trustees sharing voting power, and the settlor
or another third party having investment power, in which case each of the three would be the beneficial owner of the securities
in the trust. The power to vote or direct the voting, or to invest or dispose of, or direct the investment or disposition of, a security
may be indirect and arise from legal, economic, contractual or other rights, and the determination of beneficial ownership depends upon
who ultimately possesses or shares the power to direct the voting or the disposition of the security.

The final determination of the existence
of beneficial ownership depends upon the facts of each case. You may, if you believe the facts warrant it, disclaim beneficial ownership
of securities that might otherwise be considered beneficially owned by you.

2 Affiliate: An affiliate is a company or person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls you, or is controlled by you, or is under common control with you.

32

The undersigned agrees to
promptly notify the Company of any material inaccuracies or changes in the information provided herein that may occur subsequent to the
date hereof at any time while the Registration Statement remains effective; provided, that the undersigned shall not be required to notify
the Company of any changes to the number of securities held or owned by the undersigned or its affiliates.

By signing below, the undersigned
consents to the disclosure of the information contained herein in its answers to Items 1 through 5 and the inclusion of such information
in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto. The undersigned understands that such
information will be relied upon by the Company in connection with the preparation or amendment of the Registration Statement and the related
prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto.

33

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned, by authority
duly given, has caused this Selling Securityholder Notice and Questionnaire to be executed and delivered either in person or by its duly
authorized agent. 

BENEFICIAL OWNER (individual) BENEFICIAL OWNER (entity)

Signature Name of Entity

Print Name Signature

Print Name: 

Signature (if Joint Tenants or Tenants in Common) 

Title: 

PLEASE E-MAIL A COPY OF THE COMPLETED AND EXECUTED
SELLING SECURITYHOLDER NOTICE AND QUESTIONNAIRE TO:

Jonathan A. Greene

Email: jgreene@wyrick.com 

34
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.9
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>ea023016901ex10-9_adaptin.htm
<DESCRIPTION>2025 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN AND FORM OF AWARD AGREEMENTS
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.9

ADAPTIN
Bio, inc.

2025
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

2025
Equity Incentive Plan Approved by

the
Board and Stockholders on February 11, 2025 and February 11, 2025, respectively

1. Purposes
of the Plan. The purposes of this Plan are to attract and retain the best available personnel to serve as Employees, Directors or
Consultants; to provide additional incentives to Employees, Directors and Consultants to contribute to the successful performance of
the Company and any Related Entity; to promote the growth of the market value of the Companys Common Stock; to align the interests
of Participants with those of the Companys stockholders; and to promote the success of the Companys business.

2. Definitions.
The following definitions will apply as used herein and in all individual Award Agreements except as a term may be otherwise defined
in an individual Award Agreement. In the event a term is separately defined in an individual Award Agreement, such definition will supersede
the definition contained in this Section 2.

(a) Administrator
means the Plan Administrator as described in Section 4. With reference to the duties of the Administrator under the Plan which have been
delegated to one or more persons pursuant to Section 4(c), the term Administrator will refer to such person(s) unless such
delegation has been revoked.

(b) Applicable
Laws means the legal requirements relating to the Plan and the Awards under applicable provisions of federal and state
securities laws, the corporate laws of Delaware, and, to the extent other than Delaware, the corporate law of the state of the Companys
incorporation, the Code, the rules of any applicable stock exchange or national market system, and the rules of any non-U.S. jurisdiction
applicable to Awards granted to residents therein.

(c) Assumed
means, with respect to an Award, that pursuant to a Corporate Transaction either (i) the Award is expressly affirmed as continuing
in effect by the Company, or (ii) the contractual obligations represented by the Award are expressly assumed (and not simply by operation
of law) by the successor entity or its Parent in connection with the Corporate Transaction with appropriate adjustments to the number
and type of securities of the successor entity or its Parent subject to the Award and the exercise or purchase price thereof which at
least preserves the compensation element of the Award existing at the time of the Corporate Transaction as determined in accordance with
the instruments evidencing the agreement to assume the Award.

(d) Award
means the grant of an Option, Stock Appreciation Right, Dividend Equivalent Right, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, or other
right or benefit under the Plan.

(e) Award
Agreement means the written agreement evidencing the grant of an Award executed by the Company and the Participant, including
any amendments thereto.

(f) Board
means the Board of Directors of the Company.

(g) Cause
means, with respect to the termination by the Company or a Related Entity of a Participants Continuous Service:

(i) that
such termination is for Cause as such term (or word of like import) is expressly defined in a then-effective written employment
agreement, consulting agreement, service agreement or other similar agreement between the Participant and the Company or such Related
Entity, provided, however, that with regard to any agreement that defines Cause on the occurrence of or in connection with
a Corporate Transaction, such definition of Cause will not apply until a Corporate Transaction actually occurs; or

(ii) in
the absence of such then-effective written agreement and definition, is based on, in the determination of the Administrator: (A) the
Participants performance of any act, or failure to perform any act, in bad faith and to the detriment of the Company or a Related
Entity; (B) the Participants dishonesty, intentional misconduct or material breach of any agreement with the Company or a Related
Entity; (C) the Participants material breach of any noncompetition, confidentiality or similar agreement with the Company or a
Related Entity, as determined under such agreement; (D) the Participants commission of a crime involving dishonesty, breach of
trust, or physical or emotional harm to any person; (E) if the Participant is an Employee or Consultant, the Participants engaging
in acts or omissions constituting gross negligence, misconduct or a willful violation of a Company or a Related Entity policy which is
or is reasonably expected to be materially injurious to the Company and/or a Related Entity; or (F) if the Participant is an Employee,
the Participants failure to follow the reasonable instructions of the Board or such Participants direct supervisor, which
failure, if curable, is not cured within 10 days after notice to such Participant or, if cured, recurs within 180 days.

(h) Code
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any successor statute.

(i) Committee
means any committee appointed by the Board to administer the Plan in accordance with Section 4(a) below.

(j) Common
Stock means the Companys voting common stock, $0.0001 par value per share.

(k) Company
means Adaptin Bio, Inc., a Delaware corporation, or any successor entity that adopts the Plan in connection with a Corporate Transaction.

(l) Consultant
means any person (other than an Employee or a Director, solely with respect to rendering services in such persons capacity as
a Director) who is engaged by the Company or any Related Entity to render consulting or advisory services to the Company or such Related
Entity.

2

(m) Continuous
Service means that the provision of services to the Company or a Related Entity in any capacity of Employee, Director
or Consultant is not interrupted or terminated. In jurisdictions requiring notice in advance of an effective termination as an Employee,
Director or Consultant, Continuous Service will be deemed terminated upon the actual cessation of providing services to the Company or
a Related Entity notwithstanding any required notice period that must be fulfilled before a termination as an Employee, Director or Consultant
can be effective under Applicable Laws. A Participants Continuous Service will be deemed to have terminated either upon an actual
termination of Continuous Service or upon the entity for which the Participant provides services ceasing to be a Related Entity. Continuous
Service will not be considered interrupted in the case of (i) any approved leave of absence, (ii) transfers among the Company,
any Related Entity, or any successor in any capacity of Employee, Director or Consultant, or (iii) any change in status as long
as the individual remains in the service of the Company or a Related Entity in any capacity of Employee, Director or Consultant (except
as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement). An approved leave of absence for purposes of this Plan will include sick leave, military
leave, or any other authorized personal leave, so long as the Company or Related Entity has a reasonable expectation that the individual
will return to provide services for the Company or Related Entity, and provided further that the leave does not exceed six months, unless
the individual has a statutory or contractual right to re-employment following a longer leave. For purposes of each Incentive Stock Option
granted under the Plan, if such leave exceeds three months, and reemployment upon expiration of such leave is not guaranteed by statute
or contract, then the Incentive Stock Option will be treated as a Non-statutory Stock Option beginning on the day three months and one
day following the expiration of such three month period.

(n) Corporate
Transaction means any of the following transactions, provided, however, that the Administrator will determine under parts
(ii), (iii) and (iv) whether multiple transactions are related, and its determination will be final, binding and conclusive:

(i) a
merger or consolidation in which the Company is not the surviving entity, except for a transaction the principal purpose of which is
to change the state in which the Company is incorporated;

(ii) the
sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company in one or a series of related transactions;

(iii) any
reverse merger or series of related transactions culminating in a reverse merger (including, but not limited to, a tender offer followed
by a reverse merger) in which the Company is the surviving entity but (A) the Shares outstanding immediately prior to such merger
are converted or exchanged by virtue of the merger into other property, whether in the form of securities, cash or otherwise, or (B) in
which securities possessing more than 50% of the total combined voting power of the Companys outstanding securities are transferred
to a person or persons different from those who held such securities immediately prior to such merger or the initial transaction culminating
in such merger; or

(iv) acquisition
in a single or series of related transactions by any person or related group of persons (other than the Company or by a Company-sponsored
employee benefit plan) of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act) of securities possessing more than
50% of the total combined voting power of the Companys outstanding securities; or

(v) the
complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company. 

3

(o) Data
has the meaning set forth in Section 21 of this Plan.

(p) Director
means a member of the Board or the board of directors of any Related Entity.

(q) Disability
means a disability (or word of like import) as defined under the long-term disability policy of the Company or the Related
Entity to which the Participant provides services regardless of whether the Participant is covered by such policy. If the Company or
the Related Entity to which the Participant provides service does not have a long-term disability plan in place, Disability
means that a Participant is unable to carry out the responsibilities and functions of the position held by the Participant by reason
of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment for a period of not less than 90 consecutive days. A Participant will not
be considered to have incurred a Disability unless he or she furnishes proof of such impairment sufficient to satisfy the Administrator.

(r) Disqualifying
Disposition means any disposition (including any sale) of Common Stock received upon exercise of an Incentive Stock Option
before either (i) two years after the date the Employee was granted the Incentive Stock Option, or (ii) one year after the date the Employee
acquired Common Stock by exercising the Incentive Stock Option. If the Employee has died before such stock is sold, these holding period
requirements do not apply and no Disqualifying Disposition can occur thereafter.

(s) Dividend
Equivalent Right means a right entitling the Participant to compensation measured by dividends paid with respect to Common
Stock.

(t) Effective
Date has the meaning set forth in Section 15 below.

(u) Employee
means any person, including an Officer or Director, who is in the employ of the Company or any Related Entity, subject to the control
and direction of the Company or any Related Entity as to both the work to be performed and the manner and method of performance. The
payment of a directors fee by the Company or a Related Entity to an individual will not be sufficient to make such individual
an Employee of the Company or a Related Entity.

(v) Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

4

(w) Fair
Market Value means, as of any date, the value of the Common Stock determined as follows.

(i) If
the Common Stock is listed on one or more established stock exchanges or national market systems, including without limitation The NASDAQ
Global Select Market, The NASDAQ Global Market, or The NASDAQ Capital Market of The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC, its Fair Market Value will
be the closing sales price for such stock (or the closing bid, if no sales were reported) as quoted on the principal exchange or system
on which the Common Stock is listed (as determined by the Administrator) on the date of determination (or, if no closing sales price
or closing bid was reported on that date, as applicable, on the last trading date such closing sales price or closing bid was reported),
as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Administrator deems reliable;

(ii) If
the Common Stock is regularly quoted on an automated quotation system (including the OTC markets and systems maintained by OTC Markets
Group Inc.) or by a recognized securities dealer, its Fair Market Value will be the closing sales price for such stock as quoted on such
system or by such securities dealer on the date of determination, but if selling prices are not reported, the Fair Market Value of a
Share will be the mean between the high bid and low asked prices for the Common Stock on the date of determination (or, if no such prices
were reported on that date, on the last date such prices were reported), as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source
as the Administrator deems reliable; or

(iii) In
the absence of an established market for the Common Stock of the type described in (i) and (ii), above, the Fair Market Value thereof
will be determined by the Administrator in good faith by application of a reasonable valuation method consistently applied and taking
into consideration all available information material to the value of the Company in a manner in compliance with Section 409A, or in
the case of an Incentive Stock Option, in a manner in compliance with Section 422 of the Code.

(x) Incentive
Stock Option means an Option intended to qualify as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of
the Code.

(y) Non-statutory
Stock Option means an Option that either (i) is not intended to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option, or (ii) fails to
qualify as an Incentive Stock Option.

(z) Officer
means a person who is an officer of the Company or a Related Entity within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

(aa) Option
means an option to purchase one or more Shares pursuant to an Award Agreement granted under the Plan.

(bb) Parent
means a parent corporation, whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in Section 424(e) of the Code.

(cc) Participant
means the holder of an outstanding Award.

(dd) Performance
Award means an Award under the Plan in which the vesting or other realization of the Award by a Participant is subject
to the achievement of certain performance criteria over the course of a Performance Period, all as determined by the Administrator in
accordance with Section 8 below.

5

(ee) Performance
Period means the time period established by the Administrator during which specified performance criteria must be met
in connection with a Performance Award as described in Section 8 below.

(ff) Plan
means this Adaptin Bio, Inc. 2025 Equity Incentive Plan, as the same may be amended from time to time.

(gg) Post-Termination
Exercise Period means the period specified in the Award Agreement of not less than 30 days commencing on the date of termination
(other than termination by the Company or any Related Entity for Cause) of the Participants Continuous Service, or such longer
period as may be applicable upon death or Disability.

(hh) Related
Entity means any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company.

(ii) Restricted
Stock means Shares issued under the Plan to the Participant for such consideration, if any, and subject to such restrictions
on transfer, rights of first refusal, repurchase provisions, forfeiture provisions, and other terms and conditions as established by
the Administrator.

(jj) Restricted
Stock Units means an Award which may be earned in whole or in part upon the passage of time or the attainment of performance
criteria established by the Administrator and which may be settled for cash, Shares or other securities or a combination of cash, Shares
or other securities as established by the Administrator.

(kk) Rule 16b-3
means Rule 16b-3 promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act, as such rule may be amended
from time to time, and includes any successor provisions thereto.

(ll) Stock
Appreciation Right means an Award entitling the Participant to Shares or cash compensation, as established by the Administrator,
measured by appreciation in the value of Common Stock.

(mm) Section
409A means Section 409A of the Code, the Treasury Regulations and other guidance issued thereunder by the United States
Department of the Treasury (whether issued before or after the Effective Date), and all state laws of similar effect.

(nn) Share
means a share of the Common Stock.

(oo) Subsidiary
means a subsidiary corporation, whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in Section 424(f) of the Code.

(pp) Tax
Obligations means all federal, state, local, and foreign income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax,
or other tax-related liabilities related to a Participants participation in the Plan and the receipt of any benefits hereunder,
as determined under the Applicable Laws.

6

3. Stock
Subject to the Plan.

(a) General
Share Reserve. Subject to adjustment as described in Section 13 below, the aggregate number of Shares which may be issued
pursuant to all Awards under the Plan shall be equal to 15% of the fully diluted Shares outstanding upon each closing of the
Offering (as such term is defined in the Subscription Agreement dated as of February 11, 2025, by and among the Company and the
purchasers set forth therein), up to a maximum aggregate amount of 15% of the fully diluted Shares outstanding of the Company
following the closing of the final Offering. The Shares may be authorized, but unissued, or reacquired Common Stock. During the term
of the Plan, the Company will at all times reserve and keep available a sufficient number of Shares to satisfy the requirements of
the Plan.

(b) Incentive
Stock Option Limit. Subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 13, no more than 2,196,390 Shares may be issued in the aggregate
pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options.

(c) Annual
Increase in Share Reserve. For a period of 10 years commencing on February 11, 2025 and ending on (and including) February 11, 2035,
the share reserve described in Section 3(a) above will be increased by an amount equal to the lesser of (i) 4% of the number of Shares
outstanding as of December 31 of the immediately preceding calendar year (calculated on a fully-diluted and as-converted basis) or (ii)
such lesser number of Shares as determined by the Board prior to January 1 of a particular calendar year.

(d) Reversion
of Shares to Share Reserve. Any Shares covered by an Award (or portion of an Award) which is forfeited, canceled or expires (whether
voluntarily or involuntarily) will be deemed not to have been issued for purposes of determining the maximum aggregate number of Shares
which may be issued under the Plan, except that the maximum aggregate number of Shares which may be issued pursuant to the exercise of
Incentive Stock Options will not exceed the number specified in Section 3(b). Shares that actually have been issued under the Plan pursuant
to an Award will not be returned to the Plan and will not become available for future issuance under the Plan, except that if unvested
Shares are forfeited or repurchased by the Company, such Shares will become available for future grant under the Plan. In the event any
Option or other Award granted under the Plan is exercised through the tendering of Shares (either actually or through attestation), or
in the event tax withholding obligations are satisfied by tendering or withholding Shares, any Shares so tendered or withheld will not
again be available for Awards under the Plan. To the extent that cash is delivered in lieu of Shares upon the exercise of a Stock Appreciation
Right pursuant to Section 6(l), the Company will be deemed, for purposes of applying the limitation on the number of shares, to have
issued the total number of Shares which were otherwise issuable upon such exercise, notwithstanding that cash was issued in lieu of such
Shares. Shares reacquired by the Company on the open market or otherwise using cash proceeds from the exercise of Options will not be
available for Awards under the Plan.

7

4. Administration
of the Plan.

(a) Plan
Administrator. The Plan will be administered by (i) the Board or (ii) a Committee designated by the Board, which Committee will be
constituted in such a manner as to satisfy the Applicable Laws and to permit such grants and related transactions under the Plan to be
exempt from Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act in accordance with Rule 16b-3. Once appointed, such Committee will continue to serve in
its designated capacity until otherwise directed by the Board.

(b) Powers
of the Administrator. Subject to the Applicable Laws, the provisions of the Plan, and in the case of a Committee, subject to the
specific duties delegated by the Board to such Committee, the Administrator will have the authority, in its discretion:

(i) to
select the Employees, Directors and Consultants to whom Awards may be granted from time to
time hereunder;

(ii) to
determine whether and to what extent Awards are granted hereunder;

(iii) to
determine the number of Shares or the amount of other consideration to be covered by each
Award granted hereunder;

(iv) determine
the vesting schedule (if any) applicable to all Awards under the Plan;

(v) to
determine the type, terms and conditions of any Award granted hereunder;

(vi) to
accelerate vesting on any Award or to waive any forfeiture restrictions applicable thereto
or to waive any other limitation or restriction with respect to an Award;

(vii) to
approve forms of Award Agreements for use under the Plan;

(viii) to
establish additional terms, conditions, rules or procedures to accommodate the rules or laws
of applicable non-U.S. jurisdictions and to afford Participants favorable treatment under
such rules or laws; provided, however, that no Award will be granted under any such additional
terms, conditions, rules or procedures with terms or conditions which are inconsistent with
the provisions of the Plan;

(ix) to
amend the terms of any outstanding Award granted under the Plan, provided that any amendment
that would materially adversely affect the Participants rights under an outstanding
Award will not be made without the Participants written consent; provided, however,
that an amendment or modification that may cause an Incentive Stock Option to become a Non-statutory
Stock Option will not be treated as adversely affecting the rights of the Participant;

(x) to
construe and interpret the terms of the Plan and Awards, including without limitation, any
notice of Award or Award Agreement, granted pursuant to the Plan;

(xi) to
make other determinations as provided in this Plan; and

(xii) to
take such other action, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, as the Administrator
deems appropriate.

8

The
express grant in the Plan of any specific power to the Administrator will not be construed as limiting any power or authority of the
Administrator; provided that the Administrator may not exercise any right or power reserved to the Board. Any decision made, or action
taken, by the Administrator or in connection with the administration of this Plan will be final, conclusive and binding on all persons
having an interest in the Plan.

(c) Delegation
of Authority. To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Board may from time to time delegate to a committee of one or more Officers
of the Company the authority to grant or amend Awards or to take other actions pursuant to this Section 4; provided, however,
that in no event may an Officer of the Company be delegated the authority to grant awards to, or amend Awards held by, the following
individuals: (i) individuals who are subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, (ii) Directors, or (iii) Officers to whom authority to
grant or amend Awards has been delegated hereunder; provided, further, that any delegation of authority will only be permitted
to the extent it is permissible under Applicable Law. Any delegation hereunder will be subject to the restrictions and limits that the
Board or Committee specifies at the time of such delegation, and the Board may at any time rescind the authority so delegated or appoint
a new delegatee. At all times, the delegatee appointed under this Section 4(c) will serve in such capacity at the pleasure of the Board.

(d) Indemnification.
In addition to such other rights of indemnification as they may have as members of the Board or as Officers or Employees of the Company
or a Related Entity, members of the Board and any Officers or Employees of the Company or a Related Entity to whom authority to act for
the Board, the Administrator or the Company is delegated will be defended and indemnified by the Company to the extent permitted by law
on an after-tax basis against all reasonable expenses, including attorneys fees, actually and necessarily incurred in connection
with the defense of any claim, investigation, action, suit or proceeding, or in connection with any appeal therein, to which they or
any of them may be a party by reason of any action taken or failure to act under or in connection with the Plan, or any Award granted
hereunder, and against all amounts paid by them in settlement thereof (provided such settlement is approved by the Company) or paid by
them in satisfaction of a judgment in any such claim, investigation, action, suit or proceeding, except in relation to such liabilities,
costs, and expenses as may arise out of, or result from, the bad faith, gross negligence, willful misconduct, or criminal acts of such
persons; provided, however, that within 30 days after the institution of such claim, investigation, action, suit or proceeding, such
person will offer to the Company, in writing, the opportunity at the Companys expense to defend the same.

5. Eligibility.
Awards other than Incentive Stock Options may be granted to Employees, Directors, and Consultants of the Company or any Related Entity.
Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to Employees of the Company or a Related Entity. An Employee, Director, or Consultant who
has been granted an Award may, if otherwise eligible, be granted additional Awards. Awards may be granted to such Employees, Directors,
or Consultants who are residing in non-U.S. jurisdictions as the Administrator may determine from time to time.

9

6. Terms
and Conditions of Awards.

(a) Types
of Awards. The Administrator is authorized under the Plan to award any type of arrangement to an Employee, Director or Consultant
that is not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan and that by its terms involves or might involve the issuance of (i) Shares,
(ii) cash or (iii) an Option, a Stock Appreciation Right, or similar right with a fixed or variable price related to the Fair
Market Value of the Shares and with an exercise or conversion privilege related to the passage of time, the occurrence of one or more
events, or the satisfaction of performance criteria or other conditions. Such Awards include, without limitation, Options, Stock Appreciation
Rights, sales or bonuses of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Awards, and Dividend Equivalent Rights. An Award may
consist of one such security or benefit, or two or more of them in any combination or alternative.

(b) Designation
of Award. Each Award will be evidenced by an Award Agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrator. The type of
each Award will be designated in the Award Agreement. In the case of an Option, the Option will be designated as either an Incentive
Stock Option or a Non-statutory Stock Option. However, notwithstanding such designation, any portion of an Option designated as an Incentive
Stock Option that exceeds the $100,000 limitation of Section 422(d) of the Code will be treated as a Non-statutory Stock Option.
The $100,000 limitation of Section 422(d) of the Code is calculated based on the aggregate Fair Market Value of the Shares subject
to Options designated as Incentive Stock Options which become exercisable for the first time by a Participant during any calendar year
(under all plans of the Company or any Related Entity). For purposes of this calculation, Incentive Stock Options will be taken into
account in the order in which they were granted, and the Fair Market Value of the Shares will be determined as of the grant date of the
relevant Option. Any Option granted which fails to satisfy the requirements of the Applicable Laws for treatment as an Incentive Stock
Option will be a Non-statutory Stock Option.

(c) Conditions
of Award. Subject to the terms of the Plan, the Administrator will determine the provisions, terms, and conditions of each Award
including, but not limited to, the Award vesting schedule, repurchase provisions, rights of first refusal, forfeiture provisions, form
of payment (cash, Shares, or other consideration) upon settlement of the Award, payment contingencies, and satisfaction of any performance
criteria that may be established by the Administrator.

(d) Term
of Award. The term of each Award will be the term stated in the Award Agreement as determined by the Administrator, provided, however,
that the term of any Option will be no more than 10 years from the date of grant thereof, and provided further that in the case of an
Incentive Stock Option granted to a Participant who, at the time the Option is granted, owns stock representing more than 10% of the
voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Related Entity, the term of the Incentive Stock Option will be no more than
five years from the date of grant thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the specified term of any Award will not include any period
for which the Participant has elected to defer the receipt of the Shares or cash issuable pursuant to the Award.

10

(e) Date
of Grant. The date of grant of an Award will be, for all purposes, the date on which the Administrator makes the determination to
grant such Award, or such other later date as is determined by the Administrator.

(f) Notice
to Company of Disqualifying Disposition. Each Employee who receives an Incentive Stock Option must agree to notify the Company in
writing immediately after the Employee makes a Disqualifying Disposition of any Common Stock acquired pursuant to the exercise of an
Incentive Stock Option.

(g) Acquisitions
and Other Transactions. The Administrator may issue Awards under the Plan in settlement, assumption or substitution for, outstanding
awards or obligations to grant future awards in connection with the Company or a Related Entity acquiring another entity, an interest
in another entity or an additional interest in a Related Entity whether by merger, stock purchase, asset purchase or other form of transaction.

(h) Deferral
of Award Payment. The Administrator may establish one or more programs under the Plan to permit selected Participants the opportunity
to elect to defer receipt of consideration upon exercise of an Award, satisfaction of performance criteria, or other event that absent
the election would entitle the Participant to payment or receipt of Shares or other consideration under an Award. The Administrator may
establish the election procedures, the timing of such elections, the mechanisms for payments of, and accrual of interest or other earnings,
if any, on amounts, Shares or other consideration so deferred, and such other terms, conditions, rules and procedures that the Administrator
deems advisable for the administration of any such deferral program.

(i) Separate
Programs. The Administrator may establish one or more separate programs under the Plan for the purpose of issuing particular forms
of Awards to one or more classes of Participants on such terms and conditions as determined by the Administrator from time to time.

(j) Early
Exercise. An Award Agreement may, but need not, include a provision whereby the Participant may elect at any time while an Employee,
Director or Consultant to exercise any part or all of the Award prior to full vesting of the Award. Any unvested Shares received pursuant
to such exercise may be subject to a repurchase right in favor of the Company or a Related Entity or to any other restriction the Administrator
determines to be appropriate.

(k) Transferability
of Awards. Unless the Administrator provides otherwise, no Award may be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred, or disposed
of in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised, during the lifetime of the Participant,
only by the Participant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Participant may designate one or more beneficiaries of the Participants
Award in the event of the Participants death on a beneficiary designation form provided by the Administrator.

11

(l) Stock
Appreciation Rights. Stock Appreciation Rights may be granted (i) with respect to any Option granted under this Plan, either concurrently
with the grant of such Option or at such later time as determined by the Administrator (as to all or any portion of the Shares subject
to the Option), or (ii) alone, without reference to any related Option. Each Stock Appreciation Right granted by the Administrator under
this Plan will be subject to the following terms and conditions. Each Stock Appreciation Right granted to any Participant will relate
to such number of Shares as determined by the Administrator, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 13. In the case of a Stock
Appreciation Right granted with respect to an Option, the number of Shares to which the Stock Appreciation Right pertains will be reduced
in the same proportion that the holder of the Option exercises the related Option. The exercise price of a Stock Appreciation Right will
be determined by the Administrator at the date of grant but may not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of the Shares subject
thereto on the date of grant. Subject to the right of the Administrator to deliver cash in lieu of Shares (which, as it pertains to Officers
and Directors of the Company, will comply with all requirements of the Exchange Act), the number of Shares which issuable upon the exercise
of a Stock Appreciation Right will be determined by dividing:

(i) the
number of Shares as to which the Stock Appreciation Right is exercised multiplied by the amount of the appreciation in such Shares (for
this purpose, the appreciation will be the amount by which the Fair Market Value of the Shares subject to the Stock Appreciation
Right on the exercise date exceeds (A) in the case of a Stock Appreciation Right related to an Option, the exercise price of the Shares
under the Option or (B) in the case of a Stock Appreciation Right granted alone, without reference to a related Option, an amount determined
by the Administrator at the time of grant, subject to adjustment under Section 13); by

(ii) the
Fair Market Value of a Share on the exercise date.

In
lieu of issuing Shares upon the exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right, the Administrator may elect to pay the holder of the Stock Appreciation
Right cash equal to the Fair Market Value on the exercise date of any or all of the Shares which would otherwise be issuable. No fractional
Shares will be issued upon the exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right; instead, the holder of the Stock Appreciation Right will be entitled
to receive a cash adjustment equal to the same fraction of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the exercise date or to purchase the portion
necessary to make a whole share at its Fair Market Value on the date of exercise. The exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right related
to an Option will be permitted only to the extent that the Option is exercisable under its terms on the date of surrender. Any Incentive
Stock Option surrendered pursuant to the provisions of this Section 6(l) will be deemed to have been converted into a Non-statutory Stock
Option immediately prior to such surrender.

7. Award
Exercise or Purchase Price.

(a) Exercise
or Purchase Price. The exercise or purchase price, if any, for an Award will be as follows.

(i) In
the case of an Incentive Stock Option:

(1) granted
to an Employee who, at the time of the grant of such Incentive Stock Option owns stock representing more than 10% of the voting power
of all classes of stock of the Company or any Related Entity, the per Share exercise price will be not less than 110% of the Fair Market
Value per Share on the date of grant; or

12

(2) granted
to any Employee other than an Employee described in the preceding paragraph, the per Share exercise price will be not less than 100%
of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant.

(ii) In
the case of a Non-statutory Stock Option, the per Share exercise price will be not less than 100% of the Fair Market Value per Share
on the date of grant.

(iii) In
the case of other Awards, such price as is determined by the Administrator.

(iv) Notwithstanding
the foregoing provisions of this Section 7(a), in the case of an Award issued pursuant to Section 6(g) above, the exercise or purchase
price for the Award will be determined in accordance with the provisions of the relevant instrument evidencing the agreement to issue
such Award and the Applicable Laws.

(b) Consideration.
Subject to Applicable Laws, the consideration to be paid for the Shares to be issued upon exercise or purchase of an Award, including
the method of payment, will be determined by the Administrator. In addition to any other types of consideration the Administrator may
determine, the Administrator is authorized to accept as consideration for Shares issued under the Plan the following:

(i) cash;

(ii) check;

(iii) surrender
of Shares or delivery of a properly executed form of attestation of ownership of Shares as the Administrator may require which have a
Fair Market Value on the date of surrender or attestation equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Shares as to which said Award
is exercised;

(iv) with
respect to Options, payment through a broker-dealer sale and remittance procedure pursuant to which the Participant (A) provides written
instructions to a broker-dealer acceptable to the Company to effect the immediate sale of some or all of the purchased Shares and remit
to the Company sufficient funds to cover the aggregate exercise price payable for the purchased Shares and (B) provides written directives
to the Company to deliver the certificates (or other evidence satisfactory to the Company to the extent that the Shares are uncertificated)
for the purchased Shares directly to such broker-dealer in order to complete the sale transaction;

(v) with
respect to Options, payment through a net exercise such that, without the payment of any funds, the Participant may exercise
the Option and receive the net number of Shares equal to (i) the number of Shares as to which the Option is being exercised, multiplied
by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the Fair Market Value per Share (on such date as is determined by the Administrator)
less the Exercise Price per Share, and the denominator of which is such Fair Market Value per Share;

(vi) past
or future services actually or to be rendered to the Company or a Related Entity; or

(vii) any
combination of the foregoing methods of payment.

13

The
Administrator may at any time or from time to time, by adoption of or by amendment to the standard forms of Award Agreement described
in Section 4(b)(vii), or by other means, grant Awards which do not permit all of the foregoing forms of consideration to be used in payment
for the Shares or which otherwise restrict one or more forms of consideration.

8. Performance
Awards.

(a) Grant
of Performance Awards. The Administrator may issue Performance Awards under the Plan in accordance with this Section 8. Performance
Awards may be Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, or any other form of Award permitted pursuant
to the Plan.

(b) Award
Agreement for Performance Awards. Any Award intended to be a Performance Award pursuant to this Section 8 will be evidenced by an
Award Agreement that will specify the number of Shares covered by the Award, the applicable performance criteria, the duration of the
Performance Period, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine. Unless otherwise
determined by the Administrator, payment of the Award to a Participant will occur following the end of the Performance Period, or if
later, the date on which any applicable contingency or restriction has ended.

(c) Performance
Criteria. The performance criteria for any Performance Awards will be established by the Administrator and may include, but are not
limited to, any one of, or combination of, the following criteria:

(i) Net
earnings or net income (before or after taxes);

(ii) Earnings
per share;

(iii) Net
sales growth;

(iv) Net
operating profit;

(v) Return
measures (including, but not limited to, return on assets, capital, equity, or sales);

(vi) Cash
flow (including, but not limited to, operating cash flow, free cash flow, and cash flow return
on capital);

(vii) Cash
flow per share;

(viii) Earnings
before or after taxes, interest, depreciation, and/or amortization;

(ix) Gross
or operating margins;

(x) Productivity
ratios;

14

(xi) Share
price (including, but not limited to, growth measures and total shareholder return);

(xii) Expense
targets or ratios;

(xiii) Charge-off
levels;

(xiv) Improvement
in or attainment of revenue levels;

(xv) Operating
efficiency;

(xvi) Operating
expenses;

(xvii) Economic
value added;

(xviii) Improvement
in or attainment of expense levels;

(xix) Improvement
in or attainment of working capital levels;

(xx) Debt
reduction;

(xxi) Capital
targets;

(xxii) Consummation
of acquisitions, dispositions, projects or other specific events or transactions; or

(xxiii) Other
significant operational or business milestones.

(d) Determination
of Performance Criteria. Performance criteria may be measured on an absolute (e.g., plan or budget) or relative basis, and may be
established on a corporate-wide basis or with respect to one or more business units, divisions, subsidiaries or business segments, or
may be established on an individual basis. Relative performance may be measured against a group of peer companies, a financial market
index or other acceptable objective and quantifiable indices. If the Administrator determines that a change in the business, operations,
corporate structure or capital structure of the Company, or the manner in which the Company conducts its business, or other events or
circumstances render the performance objectives unsuitable, the Administrator may modify the minimum acceptable level of achievement,
in whole or in part, as the Administrator deems appropriate and equitable. Performance objectives may be adjusted for material items
not originally contemplated in establishing the performance target for items resulting from discontinued operations, extraordinary gains
and losses, the effect of changes in accounting standards or principles, acquisitions or divestitures, changes in tax rules or regulations,
capital transactions, restructuring, nonrecurring gains or losses or unusual items. Performance measures may vary from Performance Award
to Performance Award, and from Participant to Participant, and may be established on a stand-alone basis, in tandem or in the alternative.
The Administrator will have the authority to impose such other restrictions on as it may deem necessary or appropriate to ensure that
Performance Awards satisfy all requirements of the Applicable Laws.

15

(e) Administrator
Certification of Achievement of Performance Criteria. Following the completion of each Performance Period, the Administrator will
determine whether the applicable performance criteria have been achieved for the Performance Awards for such Performance Period. In determining
the amounts earned by a Participant pursuant to an Award issued pursuant to this Section 8, the Administrator will have the right to
(i) adjust the amount payable at a given level of performance to take into account additional factors that the Administrator may deem
relevant to the assessment of individual or corporate performance for the Performance Period, (ii) determine what actual Award, if any,
will be paid in the event of a Corporate Transaction or in the event of a termination of employment following a Corporate Transaction
prior to the end of the Performance Period, and (iii) determine what actual Award, if any, will be paid in the event of a termination
of employment other than as the result of a Participants death or Disability prior to a Corporate Transaction and prior to the
end of the Performance Period.

9. Tax
Withholding.

(a) Prior
to the delivery of any Shares or cash pursuant to an Award (or the exercise thereof), or at such other time as the Tax Obligations are
due, the Company, in accordance with the Code and any Applicable Laws, will have the power and the right to deduct or withhold, or require
a Participant to remit to the Company, an amount sufficient to satisfy all Tax Obligations. The Administrator may condition such delivery,
payment, or other event pursuant to an Award on the payment by the Participant of any such Tax Obligations.

(b) The
Administrator, pursuant to such procedures as it may specify from time to time, may designate the method or methods by which a Participant
may satisfy the Tax Obligations. As determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion from time to time, these methods may include
one or more of the following:

(i) paying
cash;

(ii) directing
the Company withhold cash or Shares deliverable to the Participant having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount required to be withheld;

(iii) delivering
to the Company already-owned Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount required to be withheld or remitted, provided the
delivery of such Shares will not result in any adverse accounting consequences as the Administrator determines;

(iv) selling
a sufficient number of Shares otherwise deliverable to the Participant through such means as the Administrator may determine (whether
through a broker or otherwise) equal to the Tax Obligations required to be withheld;

(v) retaining
from salary or other amounts payable to the Participant cash having a sufficient value to satisfy the Tax Obligations; or

(vi) any
other means which the Administrator determines to both comply with Applicable Laws, and to be consistent with the purposes of the Plan.

16

The
amount of Tax Obligations will be deemed to include any amount that the Administrator determines may be withheld at the time the election
is made, not to exceed the amount determined by using the maximum federal, state, local and foreign marginal income tax rates applicable
to the Participant or the Company, as applicable, with respect to the Award on the date that the amount of tax or social insurance liability
to be withheld or remitted is to be determined. The Fair Market Value of the Shares to be withheld or delivered will be determined as
of the date that the Tax Obligations are required to be withheld.

10. Rights
As a Stockholder.

(a) Restricted
Stock. Except as otherwise provided in any Award Agreement, a Participant will not have any rights of a stockholder with respect
to any of the Shares granted to the Participant under an Award of Restricted Stock (including the right to vote or receive dividends
and other distributions paid or made with respect thereto). No dividends or Dividend Equivalent Rights will be paid in respect of any
unvested Award of Restricted Stock, unless and until such Shares vest.

(b) Other
Awards. In the case of Awards other than Restricted Stock, a Participant will not have any rights of a stockholder, nor will dividends
or Dividend Equivalent Rights accrue or be paid, with respect to any of the Shares granted pursuant to such Award until the Award is
exercised or settled and the Shares are delivered (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized
transfer agent of the Company).

11. Exercise
of Award.

(a) Procedure
for Exercise.

(i) Any
Award granted hereunder will be exercisable at such times and under such conditions as determined by the Administrator under the terms
of the Plan and as specified in the Award Agreement.

(ii) An
Award will be deemed to be exercised when written notice of such exercise has been given to the Company in accordance with the terms
of the Award Agreement by the person entitled to exercise the Award and full payment for the Shares with respect to which the Award is
exercised has been made in compliance with the terms of the Award Agreement and the Plan.

(b) Exercise
of Award Following Termination of Continuous Service. In the event of termination of a Participants Continuous Service for
any reason other than Disability or death, such Participant may, but only during the Post-Termination Exercise Period (but in no event
later than the expiration date of the term of such Award), exercise the portion of the Participants Award that was vested at the
date of such termination (or such greater portion of the Participants Award as may be determined by the Administrator). Unless
otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement, the Participants right to exercise the Award will terminate concurrently
with the termination of Participants Continuous Service for Cause. In the event of a Participants change of status from
Employee to Consultant, an Employees Incentive Stock Option will convert automatically to a Non-statutory Stock Option on the
day three months and one day following such change of status. Unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, the unvested portion
of a Participants Award will terminate as of the date of termination. In addition, if the Participant does not exercise the vested
portion of the Participants Award within the Post-Termination Exercise Period, the Award will terminate upon the conclusion of
the Post-Termination Exercise Period.

17

(c) Disability
of Participant. In the event of termination of a Participants Continuous Service as a result of his or her Disability, such
Participant may, but only within 12 months from the date of such termination (or such longer period as specified in the Award Agreement
but in no event later than the expiration date of the term of such Award as set forth in the Award Agreement), exercise the portion of
the Participants Award that was vested at the date of such termination; provided, however, that if such Disability is not a disability
as such term is defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code, in the case of an Incentive Stock Option such Incentive Stock Option will
automatically convert to a Non-statutory Stock Option on the day three months and one day following such termination. Unless otherwise
determined by the Administrator, the unvested portion of a Participants Award will terminate as of the date of such termination.
In addition, if the Participant does not exercise the vested portion of the Participants Award within the period specified in
the Award Agreement following such termination, the Award will terminate upon the conclusion of such period.

(d) Death
of Participant. In the event of a termination of the Participants Continuous Service as a result of his or her death, or in
the event of the death of the Participant during the Post-Termination Exercise Period or during the 12 month period following the Participants
termination of Continuous Service as a result of his or her Disability, the Participants estate or a person who acquired the right
to exercise the Award by bequest or inheritance may exercise the portion of the Participants Award that was vested as of the date
of termination, within 12 months from the date of death (or such longer period as specified in the Award Agreement but in no event later
than the expiration of the term of such Award as set forth in the Award Agreement). Unless otherwise determined by the Administrator,
the unvested portion of a Participants Award will terminate as of the date of the Participants death. In addition, if the
Participants estate or a person who acquired the right to exercise the Award by bequest or inheritance does not exercise the vested
portion of the Participants Award within the period specified in the Award Agreement following the Participants death,
the Award will terminate upon the conclusion of such period.

(e) Extension
if Exercise Prevented by Law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the exercise of an Award within the applicable time periods set forth
in this Section 11 is prevented by the provisions of Section 12 below, the Award will remain exercisable until one month after the date
the Participant is notified by the Company that the Award is exercisable, but in any event no later than the expiration of the term of
such Award as set forth in the Award Agreement.

18

12. Conditions
Upon Issuance of Shares; Manner of Issuance of Shares.

(a) Legal
Compliance. Shares will not be issued pursuant to the exercise or vesting of an Award unless the issuance and delivery of such Shares
will comply with Applicable Laws. If at any time the Administrator determines that the delivery of Shares pursuant to the exercise, vesting
or any other provision of an Award is or may be unlawful under Applicable Laws, the vesting or right to exercise an Award or to otherwise
receive Shares pursuant to the terms of an Award will be suspended until the Administrator determines that such delivery is lawful and
will be further subject to the approval of counsel for the Company with respect to such compliance. The Company will have no obligation
to effect any registration or qualification of the Shares under any Applicable Law.

(b) Investment
Representations. As a condition to the exercise of an Award, the Company may require the person exercising such Award to represent
and warrant at the time of any such exercise that the Shares are being purchased only for investment and without any present intention
to sell or distribute such Shares if, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, such a representation is required by any Applicable
Laws.

(c) Inability
to Obtain Authority. The inability of the Company to obtain authority from any regulatory body having jurisdiction, which authority
is deemed by the Companys counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any Shares hereunder, will relieve the Company
of any liability in respect of the failure to issue or sell such Shares as to which such requisite authority has not been obtained.

(d) Form
of Issuance of Shares. Subject to the Applicable Laws and any governing rules or regulations, the Company will issue or cause to
be issued the Shares acquired pursuant to an Award and will deliver such Shares to or for the benefit of the Participant by means of
one or more of the following as determined by the Administrator: (i) by delivering to the Participant evidence of book entry Shares credited
to the account of the Participant, (ii) by depositing such Shares for the benefit of the Participant with any broker with which the Participant
has an account relationship, or (iii) by delivering such Shares to the Participant in certificate form.

(e) Fractional
Shares. No fractional Shares will be issued pursuant to any Award under the Plan; any Participant who would otherwise be entitled
to receive a fraction of a Share upon exercise or vesting of an Award will receive from the Company cash in lieu of such fractional Shares
in an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of such fractional Shares, as determined by the Administrator.

13. Adjustments.
Subject to any required action by the stockholders of the Company, the number of Shares covered by each outstanding Award, and the number
of Shares which have been authorized for issuance under the Plan but as to which no Awards have yet been granted or which have been returned
to the Plan, the exercise or purchase price of each such outstanding Award, as well as any other terms that the Administrator determines
require adjustment will be proportionately adjusted for (i) any increase or decrease in the number of issued and outstanding Shares
resulting from a stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, combination or reclassification of the Shares, or similar transaction
affecting the Shares, (ii) any other increase or decrease in the number of issued and outstanding Shares effected without receipt
of consideration by the Company, or (iii) any other transaction with respect to the Companys Common Stock including a corporate
merger, consolidation, acquisition of property or stock, separation (including a spin-off or other distribution of stock or property),
reorganization, liquidation (whether partial or complete) or any similar transaction; provided, however that conversion of any convertible
securities of the Company will not be deemed to have been effected without receipt of consideration. Such adjustment will
be made by the Administrator and its determination will be final, binding and conclusive. Except as the Administrator determines, no
issuance by the Company of shares of stock of any class, or securities convertible into shares of stock of any class, will affect, and
no adjustment by reason hereof will be made with respect to, the number or price of Shares subject to an Award. No adjustments will be
made for dividends paid in cash or in property other than Common Stock of the Company, nor will cash dividends or dividend equivalents
accrue or be paid in respect of unexercised Options or unvested Awards hereunder.

19

14. Corporate
Transactions.

(a) Termination
of Awards to Extent Not Assumed in Corporate Transaction. Effective upon the consummation of a Corporate Transaction, all outstanding
Awards under the Plan will terminate, except that Awards will not terminate to the extent they are Assumed in connection with the Corporate
Transaction.

(b) Effect
of a Corporate Transaction. The Administrator may establish such terms and conditions relating to the effect of a Corporate Transaction
on Awards as the Administrator deems appropriate, including, but not limited to, determining that: (i) one or more Awards will vest and
become exercisable, realizable, or payable, or restrictions applicable to an Award will lapse, in whole or in part prior to or upon consummation
of such Corporate Transaction, and, to the extent the Administrator determines, terminate upon or immediately prior to the effectiveness
of such Corporate Transaction; (ii) Awards will be Assumed by, or replaced with awards that have substantially equivalent terms by, the
surviving corporation (or a parent or subsidiary of the surviving corporation); (iii) Participants will receive a payment in satisfaction
of outstanding Awards of Restricted Stock Units or of other rights or benefits, in such amount and form as may be determined by the Administrator;
(iv) outstanding Options and Stock Appreciation Rights be terminated or surrendered, in exchange for a payment by the Company, in cash
or other property as determined by the Administrator, in an amount equal to the amount, if any, by which the then Fair Market Value of
the Shares subject to the Participants unexercised Options and Stock Appreciation Rights exceeds the exercise price (and, for
the avoidance of doubt, if the Administrator determines in good faith that as of the date of the occurrence of the Corporate Transaction
the per share Fair Market Value of the Shares does not exceed the per share exercise price of a given Award, then such Award may be terminated
by the Company without payment), and (v) after giving Participants an opportunity to exercise all of their outstanding Options and Stock
Appreciation Rights, the Administrator may terminate any or all unexercised Options and Stock Appreciation Rights at such time as the
Administrator deems appropriate. In taking any of the actions permitted under this Section 14(b), the Administrator will not be obligated
to treat all Awards, all Awards held by a Participant, or all Awards of the same type, similarly. Such action(s) by the Administrator
will take place as of the date of the Corporate Transaction or such other date as the Administrator may specify.

(c) Effect
of Acceleration on Incentive Stock Options. Any Incentive Stock Option accelerated under this Section 14 in connection with a Corporate
Transaction will remain exercisable as an Incentive Stock Option under the Code only to the extent the $100,000 limitation of Section 422(d)
of the Code is not exceeded.

20

15. Effective
Date and Term of Plan; Stockholder Approval.

(a) This
Plan became effective upon its adoption by the Board on February 11, 2025 (the Effective Date). The Plan
will continue in effect for a period of 10 years from the Effective Date unless sooner terminated, subject to the approval of the Plan
by the stockholders of the Company as described in Section 15(c) below.

(b) The
expiration of the Plan will not have the effect of terminating any Awards outstanding on such date, except as otherwise provided in the
applicable Award Agreement.

(c) The
Plan will be subject to approval by the stockholders of the Company. Such stockholder approval will be obtained in the manner and to
the degree required under Applicable Laws.

16. Amendment,
Suspension or Termination of the Plan.

(a) The
Board may at any time suspend or terminate the Plan, or amend the Plan in any respect, except that it may not, without the approval of
the stockholders obtained within 12 months before or after the Board adopts a resolution authorizing any of the following actions, do
any of the following:

(i) increase
the total number of shares that may be issued under the Plan (except by adjustment pursuant to Section 13 or by operation of Section
3(c));

(ii) modify
the provisions of Section 6 regarding eligibility for grants of Incentive Stock Options;

(iii) modify
the provisions of Section 7(a) regarding the exercise price at which shares may be offered pursuant to Options (except by adjustment
pursuant to Section 13); or

(iv) extend
the expiration date of the Plan.

(b) Except
as provided in Section 13 (including, without limitation, any stock dividend, stock split, extraordinary cash dividend, recapitalization,
reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, combination, or exchange of shares), the Company may not, without approval
by the Companys stockholders, (i) lower the exercise price of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right, (ii) cancel an Option or
Stock Appreciation Right when the exercise price per Share exceeds the Fair Market Value of a Share in exchange for cash or another Award,
or (iii) take any other action with respect to an Option or Stock Appreciation Right that would be treated as a repricing under the rules
and regulations of the principal U.S. national securities exchange on which the Shares are listed.

(c) No
Award may be granted during any suspension of the Plan or after termination of the Plan. No suspension or termination of the Plan will
adversely affect any rights under Awards already granted to a Participant without his or her consent.

21

17. No
Effect on Terms of Employment/Consulting Relationship. Neither the Plan nor any Award will confer upon any Participant any right
with respect to the Participants Continuous Service, nor will either interfere in any way with the Participants right or
the right of the Company or a Related Entity to terminate the Participants Continuous Service at any time, with or without Cause,
and with or without notice. The ability of the Company or any Related Entity to terminate the employment of a Participant who is employed
on an at will basis is in no way affected by its determination that the Participants Continuous Service has been
terminated for Cause for the purposes of this Plan.

18. No
Effect on Retirement and Other Benefit Plans. Except as specifically provided in a retirement or other benefit plan of the Company
or a Related Entity, Awards will not be deemed compensation for purposes of computing benefits or contributions under any retirement
plan of the Company or a Related Entity, and will not affect any benefits under any other benefit plan of any kind or any benefit plan
subsequently instituted under which the availability or amount of benefits is related to level of compensation. The Plan is not a Retirement
Plan or Welfare Plan under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.

19. Information
to Participants. The Company will provide to each Participant, during the period for which such Participant has one or more Awards
outstanding, such information as required by Applicable Laws.

20. Electronic
Delivery. The Administrator may decide to deliver any documents related to any Award granted under the Plan through an online or
electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company or to request a Participants
consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. By accepting an Award, each Participant consents to receive such documents by
electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an online or electronic system established and maintained by the Company
or another third party designated by the Company, and such consent will remain in effect throughout Participants Continuous Service
with the Company and any Related Entity and thereafter until withdrawn in writing by Participant.

21. Data
Privacy. The Administrator may decide to collect, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, personal data as described in this
Plan or any Award for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing participation in the Plan. By accepting an Award,
each Participant acknowledges that the Company holds certain personal information about Participant, including, but not limited to, name,
home address and telephone number, date of birth, social security number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title,
details of all Awards awarded, cancelled, exercised, vested or unvested, for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing
the Plan (the Data). Each Participant further acknowledges that Data may be transferred to any third parties
assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan and that these third parties may be located in jurisdictions
that may have different data privacy laws and protections, and Participant authorizes such third parties to receive, possess, use, retain
and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing the Plan, including
any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker or other third party with whom the recipient or the Company may elect
to deposit any Shares acquired upon any Award.

22

22. Application
of Section 409A. This Plan and the Awards granted hereunder will be construed and administered such that the Awards either qualify
for an exemption from the application of Section 409A or satisfy the requirements of Section 409A. If an Award is subject to Section
409A: (i) distributions will only be made in a manner and upon an event permitted under Section 409A, (ii) payments to be made upon a
termination of employment will only be made upon a separation from service under Section 409A, (iii) payments to be made
upon a Corporate Transaction will only be made upon an event that qualifies as a change in control event under Section
409A (without giving effect to any elective provisions permitted thereunder), and (iv) in no event will a Participant, directly or indirectly,
designate the calendar year in which a distribution is made, except in accordance with Section 409A. Each payment in any series of installment
payments under an Award will be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A. Any Award granted under this Plan that is
subject to Section 409A and that is to be distributed to a specified employee (as defined in Section 409A) upon a separation
from service will be administered so that any distribution with respect to such Award will be postponed for six months following the
date of the Participants separation from service, if required by Section 409A. If a distribution is so delayed pursuant to Section
409A, the distribution will be paid within 30 days after the end of the six-month period or the Participants death, if earlier.
Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, in the event that following the Effective Date the Administrator determines
that any Award may be subject to Section 409A, the Administrator may adopt such amendments to the Plan and the applicable Award Agreement
or adopt other policies and procedures, or take any other actions, that the Administrator determines are necessary or appropriate to
(A) exempt the Award from Section 409A and/or preserve the intended tax treatment of the benefits provided with respect to the Award,
or (B) comply with the requirements of Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or any Award Agreement to the contrary, each
Participant will be solely responsible for the tax consequences of Awards, and in no event will the Company have any responsibility or
liability if an Award does not meet any applicable requirements of Section 409A. Although the Company intends to administer the Plan
to avoid taxation under Section 409A, the Company does not represent or warrant that the Plan or any Award is exempt from, or compliant
with, Section 409A.

23. Clawback/Repayment.
All Awards will be subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture or recoupment to the extent necessary to comply with (i) any applicable
compensation recovery, clawback, forfeiture or other similar policy adopted by the Board and as in effect from time to time or (ii) applicable
law. Further, and without limiting the foregoing, to the extent that the Participant receives any amount in excess of the amount that
the Participant should otherwise have received under the terms of the Award for any reason (including, without limitation, by reason
of a financial restatement, mistake in calculations or other administrative error), the Participant may be required to repay any such
excess amount to the Company.

23

24. Unfunded
Obligation. Participants will have the status of general unsecured creditors of the Company. Any amounts payable to Participants
pursuant to the Plan will be unfunded and unsecured obligations for all purposes, including, without limitation, Title I of the
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. Neither the Company nor any Related Entity will be required to segregate
any monies from its general funds, or to create any trusts, or establish any special accounts with respect to such obligations. The Company
will retain at all times beneficial ownership of any investments, including trust investments, which the Company may make to fulfill
its payment obligations hereunder. Any investments or the creation or maintenance of any trust or any Participant account will not create
or constitute a trust or fiduciary relationship between the Administrator, the Company or any Related Entity and a Participant, or otherwise
create any vested or beneficial interest in any Participant or the Participants creditors in any assets of the Company or a Related
Entity. The Participants will have no claim against the Company or any Related Entity for any changes in the value of any assets that
may be invested or reinvested by the Company with respect to the Plan.

25. Construction.
Captions and titles contained herein are for convenience only and will not affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision of the
Plan. Except when otherwise indicated by the context, the singular includes the plural and the plural includes the singular. Use of the
term or is not intended to be exclusive, unless the context clearly requires otherwise.

24

ADAPTIN
BIO, INC.

2025
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

RESTRICTED
STOCK UNIT GRANT NOTICE

Adaptin
Bio, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), pursuant to its 2025 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended from time
to time (the Plan), hereby grants to the individual listed below (Participant) the number of
Restricted Stock Units set forth below (the Units). The Units are subject to the terms and conditions set forth
in this Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice (the Grant Notice), the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement attached
hereto as Exhibit A (the Agreement), and the Plan, each of which is incorporated herein by reference. Capitalized
terms used in this Grant Notice or in the Agreement which are not explicitly defined herein will have the meaning ascribed to them in
the Plan.

Participant: []

Number
of Units: []

Date
of Grant: []

Vesting
Commencement Date: []

Vesting
Schedule: []

By
signing below, Participant agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Agreement and the Grant Notice. Participant
has reviewed the Agreement, the Plan and the Grant Notice in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior
to executing the Grant Notice and fully understands all provisions of the Grant Notice, the Agreement, and the Plan. Participant hereby
agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions and interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions arising under
the Plan, the Grant Notice or the Agreement.

COMPANY: PARTICIPANT:

Adaptin Bio, Inc. [Name]

By: 

[Name] 

[Title] 

[Exhibit
A immediately follows]

25

EXHIBIT
A

ADAPTIN
BIO, INC.

2025
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

RESTRICTED
STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT

This
Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (this Agreement) governs the award of Restricted Stock Units to the Participant
identified on the accompanying Grant Notice.

1. Grant
of Units. Effective as of the Date of Grant, the Company grants the Participant the number of Units listed on the Grant Notice. The
Units are subject to the vesting, payment, and other provisions of this Agreement and the Plan. Each Unit is subject to settlement into
one share of Common Stock of the Company that will be delivered to the Participant when and if such Unit becomes vested subject to the
terms of this Agreement.

2. Vesting;
Forfeiture. The Units are unvested when granted and will vest in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth on the Grant Notice,
subject to Participants Continuous Service through the vesting date(s). Vesting will cease upon the termination of Participants
Continuous Service. All Units that are not vested upon the termination of Participants Continuous Service for any reason will
be immediately forfeited.

3. Delivery
of Shares to Settle Vested Units. Units that become vested as provided in Section 2 will be settled by delivering to Participant
a number of Shares equal to the number of vested Units as soon as practicable after the date on which the Units vest, provided that the
Company may provide a reasonable delay in the issuance or delivery of the Shares to address tax withholding and other administrative
matters and provided further that delivery of the Shares will occur no later than two and one-half months following the conclusion of
the year in which the vesting occurs. At the time of settlement, the Company will, at its election, either: (a) issue a certificate representing
the Shares deliverable pursuant to this Agreement or (b) not issue any certificate representing the Shares deliverable pursuant
to this Agreement and instead document the Participants interest in the Shares by registering such Shares with the Companys
transfer agent (or another custodian selected by the Company) in bookentry form in the Participants name.

4. Capitalization
Changes. The number of Units convertible to Shares subject to this Award may be adjusted from time to time by the Administrator to
account for changes in capitalization as described in Section 13 of the Plan.

5. Rights
as a Stockholder. The Units represent a right to payment from the Company if the conditions of the Agreement are met and do not give
the Participant ownership of any Common Stock prior to delivery as provided in Section 3. Participant will not have any rights and/or
privileges of a stockholder of the Company with respect to the Units prior to such delivery. If Participant becomes vested in Units as
provided in Section 2, any Shares to which Participant becomes entitled will be delivered to Participant as provided in Section 3, and
Participant will have full ownership of the Shares upon such delivery.

26

6. Non-Transferability
of the Award. The Units and the right to payment under this Agreement are not transferable, may not be sold, exchanged, transferred,
pledged, hypothecated, encumbered or otherwise disposed of except as provided in the Plan. Any purported transfer of the Units or the
right to payment under this Agreement is null and void and will not be given effect.

7. Award
Not A Service Contract. Neither the Award nor this Agreement is an employment or service contract, and nothing this Agreement confers
or will be construed as conferring upon the Participant any right to continue in the employment or service of the Company or a Related
Entity, or as interfering with or restricting in any way the right of either party to terminate such employment or service at any time.

8. Tax
Consequences. Participant acknowledges that he/she understands the federal, state, and local tax consequences of the Award and the
issuance, vesting, forfeiture, and delivery provisions hereof relating to the Units. Participant will rely solely on the advice of his/her
own tax advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its agents. Participant understands that Participant
(and not the Company) will be responsible for his/her own tax liability that may arise as a result of the Award or the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement. The Company has no duty or obligation to minimize the tax consequences associated with this Award to the Participant
and will not be liable to the Participant for any adverse tax consequences arising in connection with this Award.

9. Withholding
Obligations. Participant understands that, at the time that Participant becomes vested and/or receives payment for any Units (including
through the delivery of Shares), the Company may be required to withhold federal, state and local income and employment taxes. Participant
hereby authorizes the Company to satisfy any required withholding to satisfy federal, state, local, payroll, and foreign tax withholding
obligations of the Company or any Related Entity that arise in connection with the Units through any method authorized in the Plan. Unless
otherwise determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion, Participant acknowledges that the Company will satisfy such tax withholding
obligation by arranging for the sale, by a broker of the Companys choosing, of such number of Shares otherwise deliverable to
the Participant equal in value to the tax obligation required to be withheld (plus any applicable broker commission). Participant understands
that all matters with respect to the total amount of taxes to be withheld in respect of such compensation income will be determined by
the Company in its reasonable discretion. Participant further understands that, although the Company will pay withheld amounts to the
applicable taxing authorities, Participant remains responsible for payment of all taxes due as a result of income arising under the Agreement.

10. Application
of Section 409A.

(a) The
parties intend that this Agreement and the delivery of Shares or other consideration in respect of the Units provided under this Agreement
satisfies, to the greatest extent possible, the exemption from the application of Section 409A provided under Treasury Regulations section
1.409A-1(b)(4) (or any other applicable exemption), and this Agreement will be construed to the greatest extent possible as consistent
with those provisions. To the extent not so exempt, the delivery of Shares in respect of the Units provided under this Agreement will
be conducted, and this Agreement will be construed, in a manner that complies with Section 409A and is consistent with the requirements
for avoiding taxes or penalties under Section 409A. The parties further intend that each installment of any payments provided for in
this Agreement is a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A.

27

(b) To
the extent any payment hereunder due upon the termination of the Participants Continuous Service is deferred compensation that
is subject to Section 409A, and is not otherwise exempt from complying with the provisions of Section 409A, then such payment will not
be made unless and until Participant has also incurred a separation from service (as such term is defined in Treasury Regulation
section 1.409A-1(h)). To the extent that (i) one or more of the payments received or to be received by the Participant pursuant to this
Agreement would constitute deferred compensation subject to the requirements of Section 409A, and (ii) the Participant is a specified
employee within the meaning of Section 409A, then solely to the extent necessary to avoid the imposition of any additional taxes
or penalties under Section 409A, the commencement of any payments under this Agreement will be deferred until the date that is six months
and one day following the Participants termination of Continuous Service (or, if earlier, the date of death of the Participant)
and will instead be paid on the date that immediately follows the end of such period (or death) or as soon as administratively practicable
within 30 days thereafter.

(c) The
Company makes no representations to Participant regarding the compliance of this Agreement or the Units with Section 409A, and Participant
is solely responsible for the payment of any taxes or penalties arising under Section 409A(a)(1), or any state law of similar effect,
with respect to the grant or vesting of the Units or the delivery of the Shares subject to this Award.

11. Notices.
Any notice or request required or permitted hereunder must be given in writing to each of the other parties hereto and will be deemed
effectively given on the earlier of (a) the date of personal delivery, (b) one business day after deposit in the custody of a reputable
overnight delivery service with next business day charges prepaid, or (c) three business days after the date of deposit in the United
States Mail by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, addressed in the case of the Company to the Companys
Chief Executive Officer at the Companys primary business address and in the case of the Participant to the most recent address
shown in the Companys records.

12. Incorporation
of the Plan; Entire Agreement; Modification. The Award is subject to all the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of which are
hereby made a part of this Agreement, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations which may from
time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and
those of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will control. This Agreement (including the Plan and the Grant Notice) sets forth all of
the promises, agreements, conditions and understandings between the parties hereto with respect to the Award, and there are no promises,
agreements, conditions, understandings, warranties or representations, oral or written, express or implied, between them with respect
to the Award other than as set forth therein or herein. This Agreement (including the Plan and the Grant Notice) supersedes and replaces
any and all prior agreements between the parties hereto with respect to the Units granted under this Award. Except as provided by the
Plan, no modification, amendment or waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement will be effective unless approved in writing by
both parties.

28

13. Choice
of Law. The interpretation, performance and enforcement of this Agreement and the Grant Notice will be governed by the law of the
State of Delaware without regard to principles of choice or conflict of laws (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction)
that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware.

14. Miscellaneous.

(a) The
headings of the Sections in this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and will not be deemed to constitute a part of this Agreement
or to affect the meaning of this Agreement.

(b) If
all or any part of this Agreement or the Plan is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness
or invalidity will not invalidate any portion of this Agreement or the Plan not declared to be unlawful or invalid. Any Section of this
Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid will, if possible, be construed in a manner which will give
effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining lawful and valid.

(c) This
Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective heirs, executors, administrators,
successors and assigns. The rights and obligations of the Company under this Agreement will be transferable by the Company to any one
or more persons or entities, and all covenants and agreements hereunder will inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the Companys
successors and assigns.

(d) The
waiver by either party of compliance with any provision of this Agreement by the other party will not operate or be construed as a waiver
of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by such party of a provision of this Agreement.

(e) Participant
agrees upon request to execute any further documents or instruments necessary or desirable in the sole determination of the Company to
carry out the purposes or intent of the Award.

(f) Participant
further acknowledges receipt or the right to receive a document providing the information required by Rule 428(b)(1) promulgated under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

(g) This
Agreement will be subject to all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and to such approvals by any governmental agencies or national
securities exchanges as may be required.

(h) All
obligations of the Company under the Plan and this Agreement will be binding on any successor to the Company, whether the existence of
such successor is the result of a direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the
business and/or assets of the Company.

29

ADAPTIN
BIO, INC.

2025
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

NOTICE
OF STOCK OPTION GRANT

Participant:

You
have been granted an option to purchase shares of the Common Stock of Adaptin Bio, Inc. (the Company) as follows,
subject to the terms of the Adaptin Bio, Inc. 2025 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan) and the attached Stock Option
Award Agreement.

Date
of Grant: [] Vesting
Commencement Date: []

Exercise
Price per Share: [] Expiration
Date: []

Total
Shares Subject to Option: [] Total
Exercise Price: []

Vesting
Schedule: [] 

Type
of Option: []

Note:
If the Option is designated a Non-statutory Stock Option above, or if the Option otherwise fails to qualify as an incentive stock
option pursuant to Section 422 of the Code, then this Option will not be treated as an incentive stock option within the meaning
of Section 422 of the Code.

Exercise
Period: The Option may be exercised for up to three months after the termination
of Continuous Service to the Company or a Related Entity, except as set out in Section 4
of the Stock Option Award Agreement (but in no event later than the Expiration Date); provided
that upon a termination for Cause the Option will be immediately terminated.

In
no event may this Option be exercised after the Expiration Date as provided above.

[SIGNATURE
PAGE FOLLOWS]

30

By
your signature and the signature of the Companys
representative below, you and the Company agree that this Option is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan
and the attached Stock Option Agreement, all of which are made a part of this document. 

COMPANY:

Adaptin Bio, Inc.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

PARTICIPANT:

[NAME]

Address: 

31

ADAPTIN
BIO, INC.

2025
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

STOCK
OPTION Award Agreement

This
Stock Option Award Agreement (this Agreement) is made by and between Adaptin Bio, Inc. (the Company)
and _____________________ (Participant) effective as of the Date of Grant shown on the accompanying Notice of Stock
Option Grant (the Grant Notice). Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Agreement but defined in the Companys
2025 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan) will have the same definition and meaning as in the Plan.

1.
Grant of Option. The Company has granted to Participant an option to purchase, on the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan
and this Agreement, all or any part of the number of Shares described in the Grant Notice, at the Exercise Price set forth in the Grant
Notice (the Option), subject to adjustment as set forth in Section 13 of the Plan.

2.
Vesting. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan and this Agreement,
the Option will vest as provided in the Grant Notice, provided that vesting will cease upon the termination of Participants Continuous
Service.

3.
Forfeiture; Expiration. Any unvested portion of the Option will be forfeited immediately, automatically, and without consideration
upon a termination of Participants Continuous Service for any reason. In the event Participants Continuous Service is terminated
for Cause, the vested portion of the Option will also be forfeited immediately, automatically, and without consideration upon that termination
for Cause. Any unexercised vested portion of the Option will expire on the Expiration Date set forth in the Grant Notice.

4.
Period of Exercise. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan and this
Agreement, Participant may exercise all or any part of the vested portion of the Option at any time prior to the earliest to occur of:

(a)
the Expiration Date indicated in the Grant Notice;

(b)
the effective date of the termination of Participants Continuous Service for Cause;

(c)
the date that is 12 months after the termination of Participants Continuous Service due to his or her death or Disability,
provided, however, that in the event Participant dies within such 12 month period after the termination of Participants Continuous
Service due to his or her Disability, the period for exercise will be extended until the date 12 months after his or her death (but in
no event later than the Expiration Date); or

(d)
the date that is three months after the termination of Participants Continuous Service for any reason other than Cause, Disability
or death; provided however, that in the event that Participant dies within such three month period, the period for exercise will be extended
until the date 12 months after his or her death (but in no event later than the Expiration Date).

32

5.
Exercise of Option. Participant or, in the case of Participants death or Disability, Participants representative, may
exercise all or any part of the vested portion of the Option by delivering to the Company at its principal office a written notice of
exercise in the form attached as Exhibit A or any other form that the Administrator may permit (such notice, a Notice
of Exercise), signed by the person exercising the Option. In the event that the Option is being exercised by Participants
representative, the Notice of Exercise must be accompanied by proof (satisfactory to the Administrator) of the representatives
right to exercise the Option. In addition, any exercise of the Option, whether in whole or in part, is subject to the following conditions:

(a)
Participant (or Participants representative, if applicable) will deliver to the Company, at the time of giving the Notice
of Exercise, payment in a form permissible under Section 6 below for the full amount of the Purchase Price.

(b)
Participant (or Participants representative, if applicable) may exercise the Option only for whole Shares.

(c)
Participant (or Participants representative, if applicable) may not exercise the Option unless the tax withholding obligations
of the Company and/or any Related Entity, as described in Section 9 below, are satisfied.

(d)
In the event that Participant is an employee eligible for overtime compensation under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended
(sometimes referred to as a non-exempt employee), then he or she may not exercise the Option until he or she has completed
at least six months of Continuous Service measured from the Date of Grant specified in the Grant Notice, notwithstanding any other provision
of the Option.

6.
Payment for Shares. The Purchase Price will be the Exercise Price multiplied by the number of Shares with respect
to which the Option is being exercised. The Purchase Price may be paid as follows:

(a)
in cash;

(b)
by check or money order;

(c)
by surrender to the Company (either by actual delivery or attestation) of already-owned shares of Common Stock that are owned by
Participant free and clear of any liens, claims, encumbrances or security interests, with a Fair Market Value on the date of surrender
or attestation equal to the Purchase Price (provided that Participant may not exercise the Option by tender to the Company of Common
Stock to the extent such tender would violate the provisions of any law, regulation or agreement restricting the redemption of the Companys
stock);

(d)
through a formal net exercise arrangement adopted by the Company pursuant to which Participant may exercise the Option
and receive the net number of Shares equal to (i) the number of Shares as to which the Option is being exercised, multiplied by
(ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the Fair Market Value per Share (on such date as is determined by the Administrator)
less the Exercise Price per Share, and the denominator of which is such Fair Market Value per Share;

33

(e)
through a broker-dealer sale and remittance procedure pursuant to which Participant (i) provides written instructions to a Company
designated brokerage firm to effect the immediate sale of some or all of the purchased Shares and remit to the Company sufficient funds
to cover the aggregate Exercise Price payable for the purchased Shares and (ii) provides written directives to the Company to deliver
the certificates (or other evidence satisfactory to the Company to the extent that the Shares are uncertificated) for the purchased Shares
directly to such brokerage firm in order to complete the sale transaction; or

(f)
any combination of the foregoing methods of payment.

7.
Securities Law Compliance. No Shares will be issued pursuant to this Agreement unless
and until all then applicable requirements imposed by federal and state securities and other laws, rules and regulations and by any regulatory
agencies having jurisdiction, and by any exchanges upon which the Shares may be listed, have been fully met. The Company may impose such
conditions on any Shares issuable pursuant to this Agreement as it may deem advisable, including, without limitation, restrictions under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), under the requirements of any exchange upon which shares
of the same class are then listed and under any blue sky or other securities laws applicable to those Shares.

8.
Notice of Disqualifying Disposition. If the Option is designated as an Incentive Stock Option, then in the event of a Disqualifying
Disposition, Participant will immediately, and in any event not later than 15 days after such disposition, notify the Company in writing
of such disposition.

9.
Withholding Obligations. Participant may incur Tax Obligations under federal, state, local, and/or foreign law, in connection with
the grant, vesting, or exercise of the Option, the ownership of the Shares, and other actions taken pursuant to this Agreement, and the
Company may be required to satisfy by withholding from Participants compensation or otherwise collect from Participant. Participant
agrees that the exercise of the Option is conditioned upon the satisfaction of such withholding tax obligations, and the Company may
satisfy such withholding obligations by any of the following means or by a combination of such means, in the Administrators discretion:
(i) withholding from any compensation otherwise payable to Participant by the Company; (ii) causing Participant to tender a cash payment;
or (iii) withholding from the Shares otherwise issuable to Participant upon exercise of the Option the number of Shares with a Fair Market
Value (measured as of the date the tax withholding obligations are to be determined) sufficient to satisfy such tax withholding obligations;
provided, however, that the number of such Shares so withheld will not exceed the amount necessary to satisfy the Companys required
tax withholding obligations using the statutory withholding rates for federal, state, local and foreign tax purposes, including payroll
taxes as determined by the Administrator. Participant understands that all matters with respect to the total amount of taxes to be withheld
in respect of such compensation income will be determined by the Administrator in its reasonable discretion. Participant further understands
that, although the Company will pay withheld amounts to the applicable taxing authorities, Participant remains responsible for payment
of all taxes due as a result of income arising under the Agreement.

34

10.
Rights as a Stockholder. Neither Participant nor anyone claiming through him/her will have any rights as a stockholder of the Company
with respect to any Shares subject to the Option until the Participant has exercised the Option as described herein and the Shares are
delivered (as evidenced by delivery of a certificate for such Shares or the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly
authorized transfer agent of the Company).

11.
Transferability. The Option may not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred,
except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution and in accordance with the Applicable Laws, and is exercisable during Participants
life only by Participant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form satisfactory to the Administrator,
Participant may designate a third party who, in the event of Participants death, will thereafter be entitled to exercise the Option.

12.
Option Not a Service Contract. Neither the Option nor this Agreement is an employment
or service contract, and nothing in this Agreement or the Grant Notice creates or will be deemed to create in any way whatsoever any
obligation on Participants part to continue in the service of the Company or a Related Entity, or of the Company or a Related
Entity to continue Participants service.

13.
Governing Plan Document. This Option is subject to all the provisions of the Plan,
the provisions of which are hereby made a part of this Agreement, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and
regulations, which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan. Participant acknowledges receipt of a copy
of the Plan. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and those of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan
will control.

14.
Miscellaneous. 

(a)
Notices. Any notice, demand or request required or permitted to be given pursuant to the terms of this Agreement will be in
writing and will be deemed given when delivered personally, one day after deposit with a recognized international delivery service (such
as FedEx), or three days after deposit in the U.S. mail, first class, certified or registered, return receipt requested, with postage
prepaid, in each case addressed to the parties at the addresses of the parties set forth in the Grant Notice or such other address as
a party may designate by notifying the other in writing.

(b)
Successors and Assigns. The provisions of this Agreement will inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the Company and
its successors and assigns and upon the Participant, Participants executor, personal representative(s), distributees, administrators,
permitted transferees, permitted assignees, beneficiaries, and legatee(s), as applicable, whether or not any such person will have become
a party to this Agreement and have agreed in writing to be joined herein and be bound by the terms hereof.

(c)
Severability. The provisions of this Agreement are severable, and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal
or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, then the remaining provisions will nevertheless be binding and enforceable.

(d)
Amendment. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, this Agreement will not be amended unless the amendment is agreed to
in writing by both Participant and the Company.

(e)
Choice of Law. This Agreement will be construed and enforced in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Delaware,
without giving effect to the choice of law rules of any jurisdiction.

(f)
Entire Agreement. This Agreement, along with the Grant Notice and the Plan, constitutes the entire agreement between the parties
hereto with regard to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes any other agreements, representations or understandings (whether oral
or written and whether express or implied) that relate to such subject matter.

35

EXHIBIT
A

ADAPTIN
BIO, INC.

2025
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

Adaptin
Bio, Inc.

____________________________

____________________________

Attention:
[President]

Date
of Exercise: _________________

1.
Exercise of Option. This constitutes notice to Adaptin Bio, Inc. (the Company) that, pursuant to the Adaptin
Bio, Inc. 2025 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan) and the Stock Option Award Agreement, dated _________, 20 _ (the
Award Agreement), I elect to purchase the number of Shares set forth below for the price set forth below.

Number
of Shares as to which Option is exercised (the Optioned Shares): 

Exercise
Price per Share: 

Total
Purchase Price: 

2.
Delivery of Payment. With this notice, I hereby deliver to the Company the full Purchase Price for the Optioned Shares, in a form
permitted by the Award Agreement.

3.
Representations. By signing and delivering this notice to the Company, I acknowledge that I am the holder of the Option exercised
by this notice and have full power and authority to exercise the Option. I further represent that I have received, read, and understood
the Plan and the Award Agreement, and I confirm my agreement to abide by and be bound by their terms and conditions. Capitalized terms
used and not otherwise defined in this notice will have the meanings ascribed to those terms in the Award Agreement.

4.
Compliance with Securities Laws. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Award Agreement to the contrary, the exercise of any
rights to purchase any Optioned Shares is expressly conditioned upon compliance with the Securities Act, all applicable state securities
laws and all applicable requirements of any stock exchange or over the counter market on which the Companys Common Stock may be
listed or traded at the time of exercise and transfer. I agree to cooperate with the Company to ensure compliance with such laws. I further
understand that the Optioned Shares cannot be resold and must be held indefinitely unless they are registered under the Securities Act
or unless an exemption from such registration is available and that the certificate(s) representing the Optioned Shares may bear a legend
to that effect. I understand that the Company is under no obligation to register the Optioned Shares and that an exemption may not be
available or may not permit me to transfer Optioned Shares in the amounts or at the times I may desire.

36

5.
Tax Withholding. I acknowledge that my exercise of the Option may result in Tax Obligations which require the Company to withhold
certain amounts to satisfy federal, state, local, and/or foreign taxes. I agree to satisfy such tax withholding obligations as described
in Section 9 of the Award Agreement.

6.
Rights as a Stockholder. While the Company will endeavor to process this notice in a timely manner, I acknowledge that, until
the issuance of the Optioned Shares (or, in the Companys discretion, in un-certificated form, upon the books of the Companys
transfer agent) and my satisfaction of any other conditions imposed by the Company pursuant to the Plan or as set forth in the Award
Agreement, no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a stockholder will exist with respect to the Optioned Shares,
notwithstanding the exercise of my Option. No adjustment will be made for a dividend or other right for which the record date is prior
to the date of issuance of the Optioned Shares.

7.
Tax Consultation. I understand that I may experience adverse tax consequences as a result of my exercise of the Option or my disposition
of the Optioned Shares. I represent that I have consulted with any tax consultants I deem advisable in connection with the exercise of
the Option and/or the disposition of the Optioned Shares and that I am not relying on the Company or its agents for any tax advice.

8.
Interpretation. Any dispute regarding the interpretation of this notice will be resolved by the Administrator in its discretion,
and the Administrators determination will be final and binding on all parties.

9.
Entire Agreement. The Plan and the Award Agreement under which the Option was originally granted are incorporated herein by reference
and, together with this notice, constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter of this notice.

PARTICIPANT:

Print Name: 

Address: 

37
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.10
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>ea023016901ex10-10_adaptin.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND SIMON C. PEDDER, DATED FEBRUARY 11, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.10

EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Executive Employment Agreement
(this Agreement) is entered into as of February 11, 2025, by and between Adaptin Bio, Inc. (f/k/a Unite Acquisition
1 Corp.), a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Simon Pedder (the Executive).

WHEREAS, in connection with,
and conditioned upon the completion of, the merger (the Merger) between the wholly-owned subsidiary of Unite Acquisition
1 Corp. and private company Adaptin Bio, Inc. (Adaptin), the Company wishes to employ Executive as its Executive
Chairman, and Executive wishes to accept such employment, on the terms set forth in this Agreement;

WHEREAS Executive acknowledges
and agrees that through Executives association with Adaptin as an employee, Executive will acquire a considerable amount of knowledge
and goodwill with respect to the business of the Company, which knowledge and goodwill are highly valuable to the Company and which would
be detrimental to the Company if used by Executive to compete with the Company; and

WHEREAS the Company wishes to
protect its investment in its business, employees, customer relationships, and confidential information, by requiring Executive to abide
by certain restrictive covenants regarding confidentiality, non-competition, and non-solicitation, each of which is an inducement to the
Company to enter into this Agreement;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the foregoing, the mutual agreements contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

1.
Employment. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company hereby employs Executive, and Executive accepts
such employment. The employment relationship hereunder will be for the period commencing on the closing of the Merger (such date,
the Effective Date) and will continue for a term of three years (the Initial Term) unless
terminated sooner in accordance with Section 5 below. After the Initial Term expires, this Agreement will automatically renew for
successive one-year terms (subject, in any event, to termination in accordance with Section 5 below), unless either party provides
written notice of its intent not to renew the Agreement at least 90 days prior to the expiration of the then-current term. The
period from the Effective Date through the date of the termination of Executives employment hereunder is referred to herein
as the Term.

2.
Position and Duties.

(a) Position.
Executive will serve as the Companys Executive Chairman, reporting to the Companys Board of Directors (the Board).
Executive will perform such services for the Company and have such powers, responsibilities and authority as are customarily associated
with the position of Executive Chairman in similar companies, and will perform such additional duties as may otherwise be reasonably assigned
to Executive from time to time by the Board.

(b) Part-Time
Employment. Executive will devote approximately 50% of Executives business time, attention, and efforts to the affairs of the
Company and to the duties hereunder, and will perform such duties diligently and to the best of Executives ability, in compliance
with the Companys policies and procedures and the laws and regulations that apply to the Companys business. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Executive may (i) participate in charitable, civic, educational, professional, community or industry affairs, (ii) continue
to serve as a director for Voltron Therapeutics, and (iii) manage Executives passive personal investments, so long as, in each
case, such activities individually or in the aggregate do not materially interfere or conflict with the Executives duties hereunder
or create a potential business or fiduciary conflict (in each case, as determined by the Board).

- 1 -

(c) Board
Service. The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Executive to be elected as a member of the Board throughout
the Term and will include him in the management slate for election as a director at every stockholders meeting during the Term at which
his term as a director would otherwise expire. Executive agrees to accept election, and to serve during the Term, as director of the Company,
without any compensation therefor other than as specified in this Agreement.

(d) Principal
Work Location. Executives principal workplace for the performance of his duties under this Agreement will be at the Companys
headquarters or the Executives residence. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive will be required to travel as necessary
to perform his duties hereunder.

3.
Compensation and Benefits. As compensation for the services to be rendered by Executive under this Agreement, the Company will
provide the following compensation and benefits during Executives employment hereunder.

(a) Base
Salary. During the Term, the Company will pay Executive a base salary at an annual rate of $240,000 (the Base Salary).
The Base Salary will be payable in equal installments in accordance with the Companys payroll practices as in effect from time
to time. The Base Salary will be reviewed by the Board from time to time, and may be increased in the sole discretion of the Board. Executives
salary may not be reduced except in connection with an across-the-board reduction of executive level salaries in which Executive will
not be subject to a greater reduction, on a percentage basis, than any other executive-level employee.

(b) Bonus
Opportunity. For each calendar year ending during the Term, Executive will be eligible to receive an annual bonus (the Annual
Bonus) with a target amount of 30% of Executives Base Salary. The actual amount of each Annual Bonus will be based upon
the level of achievement of the Companys corporate objectives and the Executives individual objectives, in each case, as
established by the Board for the calendar year with respect to which such Annual Bonus relates. The Board has the authority to increase
the Annual Bonus to up to 100% of the Executive Base Salary if the fiscal year corporate goals are exceeded or based on exemplary performance
during the fiscal year by the Executive. The determination of the level of achievement of the corporate objectives and the Executives
individual performance objectives for a year will be made by the Board in its reasonable discretion. The Annual Bonus for a calendar year,
to the extent earned, will be paid in a lump sum in the following calendar year. The Annual Bonus will not be deemed earned until the
date that it is paid. Accordingly, in order for the Executive to receive an Annual Bonus, the Executive must be actively employed by the
Company at the time of such payment.

(c) Equity
Compensation. 

(i) Subject
to approval by the Board and subject to the terms of the Companys equity incentive plan then in place, in the event the Company
issues additional securities raising aggregate funds of $10,000,000 (in one or more transactions), occurring, if at all, within two years
following the Merger (the Additional Financing Period), the Company will grant Executive options to purchase a number
of shares of common stock of the Company (the Anti-Dilution Options) sufficient to ensure that Executives
ownership immediately following the Additional Financing Period, on a fully diluted basis and assuming the exercise of all outstanding
options (whether or not then exercisable) is equal to Executives ownership immediately following the Merger, as determined on a
fully diluted basis and assuming the exercise of all outstanding options (whether or not then exercisable). The per share exercise price
of the Anti-Dilution Options will be equal to the fair market value of a share of the Companys common stock on the date of grant,
as determined by the Board. The Anti-Dilution Options, if any, will become exercisable in four equal annual installments, in each case
subject to Executives continued employment with the Company on the date each such vesting milestone is achieved. The Anti-Dilution
Options will be subject to the terms of the Companys equity incentive plan then in place and a related option grant agreement to
be entered between Executive and the Company.

- 2 -

(ii) During
the Term, Executive will be eligible to receive from time to time such equity grants or awards, if any, pursuant to the terms of any equity
incentive plan of the Company (or any successor plan as may be in place from time to time) as may be approved by the Board in its discretion.
Such grants or awards will be subject to the terms and conditions of such plan (or any successor plan) and such other terms and conditions
as the Board in its discretion may establish.

(d) Paid
Vacation. Executive will be entitled to paid vacation days in accordance with the Companys vacation policies in effect from
time to time for its executive team; provided, however that the Executive will be entitled to no less than 25 paid vacation days per calendar
year during the Term.

(e) General
Benefits. Executive will be entitled to such other benefits, and to participate in such benefit plans, as are generally made available
to similarly situated senior executive employees of the Company from time to time, subject to Company policy and the terms and conditions
of any applicable benefit plans. Nothing in this Agreement will be deemed to alter the Companys rights to modify or terminate any
such plans or programs in its sole discretion.

(f) Withholdings.
The Company will withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement such federal, state, and local taxes as the Company determines
are required to be withheld pursuant to applicable law.

(g) Recoupment
of Compensation. Any incentive-based or other compensation paid to Executive under this Agreement or any other agreement or arrangement
with the Company which is subject to recovery under any law, government regulation, stock exchange listing requirement or any compensation
recovery or clawback policy adopted by the Company from time to time will be subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture or recoupment
as may be required by such law, government regulation, stock exchange listing requirement or policy. In addition, if Executive is or becomes
an executive officer subject to the incentive compensation repayment requirements of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act (the Dodd-Frank Act), then if required by the Dodd-Frank Act or any of its regulations Executive will enter into
an amendment to this Agreement or a separate written agreement with the Company to comply with the Dodd-Frank Act and any of its regulations.

4.
Reimbursement of Expenses. The Company will reimburse Executive for all reasonable business expenses incurred by Executive in
connection with the performance of Executives duties hereunder, subject to Executives compliance with the
Companys reimbursement policies in effect from time to time.

5. Termination.
This Agreement, and Executives employment hereunder, are subject to termination as follows.

(a) Death.
Automatically effective upon Executives death.

(b) Disability.
By the Company upon notice to Executive in the event of Executives Disability. As used herein, Disability
means the inability of Executive, due to the condition of Executives physical, mental or emotional health, effectively to perform
the essential functions of Executives job with or without reasonable accommodation for a continuous period of at least 90 consecutive
days or for 120 days in any period of 12 consecutive months, as determined by the Board in good faith. In any event, the Company will
comply fully with the applicable provisions of the Americans with Disabilities Act, as amended, the Family and Medical Leave Act, and
any similar applicable law. For purposes of making a determination as to whether a Disability exists, at the Companys request Executive
agrees to make himself available and to cooperate in a reasonable examination by a reputable independent physician retained by the Company
and to authorize the disclosure and release to the Company of all medical records related to such examination.

(c) For
Cause. By the Company effective upon written notice to Executive for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause
means: (i) Executives fraud, embezzlement or misappropriation with respect to the Company; (ii) Executives willful or grossly
negligent misconduct that has or may reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the property, business, or reputation
of the Company; (iii) Executives material breach of this Agreement; (iv) Executives willful failure or refusal to perform
Executives material duties under this Agreement or willful failure to follow any specific lawful instructions of the Board; (v)
Executives conviction or plea of nolo contendere in respect of a felony or of a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude; or (vi)
Executives material failure to comply with the Companys workplace rules, policies, or procedures. In the event that the
Company concludes that Executive has engaged in acts constituting in Cause as defined in clause (iii) or (iv) above, prior to terminating
this Agreement for Cause the Company will provide Executive with at least 15 days advance notice of the circumstances constituting
such Cause, and an opportunity to correct such circumstances, to the extent such circumstances are susceptible of being corrected.

- 3 -

(d) Without
Cause. By the Company effective upon 90 days advance written notice to Executive at any time for any reason other than for Cause or
Executives Disability.

(e) Resignation
for Good Reason. Executive may resign his employment for Good Reason by complying with the Good Reason Procedure as described herein.
The Good Reason Procedure means (i) Executive reasonably determines in good faith that a Good Reason condition has
occurred; (ii) Executive notifies the Company in writing of the first occurrence of the Good Reason condition within 60 days of the first
occurrence of such condition; (iii) Executive cooperates in good faith with the Companys efforts, for a period not less than 30
days following such notice (the Good Reason Cure Period), to remedy the condition; (iv) notwithstanding such efforts,
the Good Reason condition continues to exist; and (v) Executive terminates Executives employment within 60 days after the end of
the Good Reason Cure Period. If the Company cures the Good Reason condition during the Good Reason Cure Period, Good Reason will be deemed
not to have occurred. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason means the occurrence of any of the following events
without Executives written consent: (i) the Companys requiring Executive to be based at any office or location more than
25 miles from his principal work location as of the Effective Date, except for travel reasonably required in the performance of Executives
responsibilities to the Company; (ii) a material reduction of Executives Base Salary not in compliance with Section 3(a) above;
(iii) a material diminution of the Executives authority, duties, or responsibilities; or (iv) the Companys material breach
of this Agreement.

(f) Other
Resignation. By Executive effective upon 30 days written notice to the Company at any time for any reason.

(g) Employment
During Notice Periods. During any notice period under Sections 5(c), 5(e), or 5(f) the Company may, in its sole discretion, relieve
Executive of some or all of his duties during the notice period, but the Company will continue to provide Executive with all required
salary and benefits during such period.

6. Effect
of Termination.

(a) Generally.
When Executives employment with the Company is terminated for any reason, Executive, or Executives estate, as the case
may be, will be entitled to receive the compensation and benefits earned through the effective date of termination, along with reimbursement
for any unreimbursed business expenses incurred through the date of termination that Executive has timely submitted (or does timely submit)
for reimbursement in accordance with the Companys expense reimbursement policy or practice.

(b) Resignation
from Positions. Immediately upon the termination of Executives employment with the Company for any reason, Executive will be
deemed to have resigned from all positions as an officer or director of the Company, along with any other positions he may hold with or
for the benefit of the Company and/or its affiliates. In furtherance of the preceding sentence, Executive will execute and return to the
Company all letters and documents that the Company may reasonably require in order to evidence such resignation(s), but Executives
failure to execute and return such documents will not have the effect of delaying or in any way invalidating the resignation(s) provided
for by the preceding sentence.

(c) Separation
Benefits upon Certain Terminations not in Connection with a Change in Control. If the Company terminates Executives employment
without Cause pursuant to Section 5(d), or if Executive resigns for Good Reason pursuant to Section 5(e), then conditioned upon Executive
executing and not revoking a Release (as described below) following such termination, the Company will provide Executive with the following
benefits (together, the Separation Benefits):

(i) the
Company will pay Executive an amount of severance equal to 24 months of Executives then-current Base Salary, such amounts payable
to Executive over time in accordance with the Companys payroll practices and procedures beginning on the 60th day following the
termination of Executives employment with the Company, provided that the first installment will include all amounts that would
have been paid if such payments had commenced effective on the date of termination; and

(ii) if
Executive timely elects continued health insurance coverage pursuant to COBRA, the Company will contribute toward the premium necessary
to continue such coverage for Executive and Executives family at the same rate as the Company had contributed for such coverage
as of the date of termination, for 18 months or until Executive becomes eligible for group health insurance coverage under another employers
plan, whichever occurs first, provided however, that the Company will have the right to terminate such payment of COBRA premiums on behalf
of Executive and instead pay Executive a lump sum amount equal to the COBRA premium times the number of months remaining in the specified
period if the Company determines in its discretion that continued payment of the COBRA premiums is or may be discriminatory under Section
105(h) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code).

- 4 -

(d) Separation
Benefits upon Certain Terminations in Connection with a Change in Control. If the Company terminates Executives employment
without Cause pursuant to Section 5(d), or if Executive resigns for Good Reason pursuant to Section 5(e), in either case at the time of,
or within 6 months following, a Change in Control (as defined below) then conditioned upon Executive executing and not revoking a Release
(as described below) following such termination, the Company will provide Executive with the following benefits (together, the CIC
Separation Benefits):

(i) the
Company will pay Executive an amount of severance equal to 24 months of Executives then-current Base Salary, such amounts payable
to Executive over time in accordance with the Companys payroll practices and procedures beginning on the 60th day following the
termination of Executives employment with the Company, provided that the first installment will include all amounts that would
have been paid if such payments had commenced effective on the date of termination;

(ii) the
vesting of all stock options, restricted stock units, and other equity awards will be accelerated such that all such awards are deemed
to have been vested as of the date of termination; and

(iii) if
Executive timely elects continued health insurance coverage pursuant to COBRA, the Company will contribute toward the premium necessary
to continue such coverage for Executive and Executives family at the same rate as the Company had contributed for such coverage
as of the date of termination, for 18 months or until Executive becomes eligible for group health insurance coverage under another employers
plan, whichever occurs first, provided however, that the Company will have the right to terminate such payment of COBRA premiums on behalf
of Executive and instead pay Executive a lump sum amount equal to the COBRA premium times the number of months remaining in the specified
period if the Company determines in its discretion that continued payment of the COBRA premiums is or may be discriminatory under Section
105(h) of the Code.

(e) Change
in Control Defined. As used in this Agreement, the term Change in Control means the occurrence of any one of
the following events:

(i) any
person, including a group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), but excluding the Company, any entity controlling, controlled by or under
common control with the Company, any trustee, fiduciary or other person or entity holding securities under any employee benefit plan or
trust of the Company or any such entity, and, with respect to any particular qualified participant of any equity incentive plan of the
Company (a Participant), the Participant and any group (as such term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of
the Exchange Act) of which the Participant is a member), is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13(d)(3)
under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 50% or more of either (A) the combined voting
power of the Companys then outstanding securities; or (B) the Companys then outstanding equity securities (in either such
case other than as a result of an acquisition of securities directly from the Company);

(ii) any
consolidation or merger of the Company where the stockholders of the Company, immediately prior to the consolidation or merger, would
not, immediately after the consolidation or merger, beneficially own (as such term is defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly
or indirectly, equity securities representing in the aggregate 50% or more of the combined voting power of the securities of the entity
issuing cash or securities in the consolidation or merger (or of its ultimate parent entity, if any);

(iii) any
sale, lease, exclusive license, exchange or other transfer (in one transaction or a series of transactions contemplated or arranged by
any party as a single plan) of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, other than a sale or disposition by the Company
of all or substantially all of the Companys assets to an entity, at least 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities
of which are owned by persons (as defined above) in substantially the same proportion as their ownership of the Company
immediately prior to such sale; or

(iv) the
members of the Board at the beginning of any consecutive 24-calendar-month period (the Incumbent Directors) cease
for any reason other than due to death to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board; provided that any director whose
election, or nomination for election by the Companys stockholders, was approved or ratified by a vote of at least a majority of
the members of the Board then still in office who were members of the Board at the beginning of such 24-calendar-month period, will be
deemed to be an Incumbent Director.

- 5 -

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
no event or condition will constitute a Change in Control to the extent that, if it were, a penalty tax would be imposed under Section
409A; provided that, in such a case, the event or condition will continue to constitute a Change in Control to the maximum extent possible
(e.g., if applicable, in respect of vesting without an acceleration of distribution) without causing the imposition of such penalty tax.

(f) Release.
The Companys obligation to provide the Separation Benefits or the CIC Separation Benefits, as applicable, is conditioned upon
Executive executing and returning a release of claims in a form acceptable to the Company (the Release) within the
time specified therein, which Release is not revoked within any time period allowed for revocation under applicable law.

(g) Post-Termination
Breach. If Executive is entitled to receive the Separation Benefits or the CIC Separation Benefits but violates any provisions of
Sections 8 through 10 hereof after termination of employment, the Company will be entitled to immediately stop paying any further installments
of the Separation Benefits or the CIC Separation Benefits as applicable, in addition to any other remedies that may be available to the
Company in law or at equity.

(h) No
Further Obligations. Except as expressly provided above or as otherwise required by law, the Company will have no obligations to Executive
in the event of the termination of this Agreement for any reason. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event will Executive be entitled to
benefits under both Section 6(c) and 6(d).

7. Representations
of Executive. Executive represents and warrants that he is not obligated or restricted under any agreement (including any non-competition
or confidentiality agreement), judgment, decree, order or other restraint of any kind that could impair Executives ability to perform
the duties and obligations required hereunder. Executive further agrees that Executive will not divulge to the Company any confidential
information and/or trade secrets belonging to others, including Executives former employers. Consistent with the foregoing, Executive
will not provide to the Company any documents or copies of documents containing such information.

8. Confidential
Information.

(a) Executive
acknowledges that the Company has and will give Executive access to certain highly-sensitive, confidential, and proprietary information
belonging to the Company (or third parties who may have furnished such information under obligations of confidentiality), relating to
and used in the Companys business (collectively, Confidential Information). Executive acknowledges that Confidential
Information includes, but is not limited to, the following categories of Company related confidential or proprietary information and material:
financial statements and information; budgets, forecasts, and projections; business and strategic plans; marketing, sales, and business
development strategies; research and development projects; records relating to any intellectual property developed by, owned by, controlled,
or maintained by the Company; information related to the Companys inventions, research, products, designs, methods, formulae, techniques,
systems, processes; customer lists; non-public information relating to the Companys customers, suppliers, distributors, or investors;
the specific terms of the Companys agreements or arrangements, whether oral or written, with any customer, supplier, vendor, or
contractor with which the Company may be associated from time to time; and any and all information relating to the operation of the Companys
business which the Company may from time to time designate as confidential or proprietary or that Executive reasonably knows should be,
or has been, treated by the Company as confidential or proprietary. Executive further understands that Company will receive confidential
business information from third parties, including but not limited to the Companys clients (the Third Party Information),
under a duty to maintain the confidentiality of such Third Party Information and to use it only for limited purposes. Confidential Information
and Third Party Information encompass all formats in which information is preserved, whether electronic, print, or any other form, including
all originals, copies, notes, or other reproductions or replicas thereof.

(b) Confidential
Information does not include any information that: (i) at the time of disclosure is generally known to, or readily ascertainable by, the
public; (ii) becomes known to the public through no fault of Executive or other violation of this Agreement; or (iii) is disclosed to
Executive by a third party under no obligation to maintain the confidentiality of the information.

(c) Executive
acknowledges that the Confidential Information is owned or licensed by the Company (and Third Party Information is possessed by the Company
with the permission of its owner); is unique, valuable, proprietary and confidential; derives independent actual or potential commercial
value from not being generally known or available to the public; and is subject to reasonable efforts to maintain its secrecy. Executive
hereby relinquishes and agrees that Executive will not at any time claim, any right, title or interest of any kind in or to any Confidential
Information or Third Party Information.

- 6 -

(d) During
and after Executives employment with the Company, Executive will hold in trust and confidence all Confidential Information and
Third Party Information, and will not disclose any Confidential Information or Third Party Information to any person or entity, except
in the course of performing duties assigned by the Company or as authorized in writing by the Company. Executive further agrees that during
and after Executives employment with the Company, Executive will not use any Confidential Information or Third Party Information
for any purpose, except in the course of performing duties assigned by the Company or as authorized in writing by the Company.

(e) Notwithstanding
the covenants contained in Section 8(d) above, Executive may disclose Confidential Information or Third Party Information solely to the
extent that Executive is required to do so by law, provided that Executive (i) notifies the Company of the existence and terms of such
obligation, (ii) gives the Company a reasonable opportunity to seek a protective or similar order to prevent or limit such disclosure,
and (iii) only discloses that information actually required to be disclosed.

(f) Nothing
in this Agreement is intended to or will prohibit Executive from communicating with any governmental authority, or making a report in
good faith and with a reasonable belief of any violations of law or regulation to a governmental authority, or from filing, testifying
or participating in a legal proceeding relating to such violations, including making disclosures protected or required by any whistleblower
law or regulation to the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Department of Labor, or any other appropriate government authority charged
with the enforcement of any applicable laws. In addition, nothing in this Agreement is intended to or will limit any employees
right to discuss the terms, wages, and working conditions of their employment, as protected by applicable law. Pursuant to the Defend
Trade Secrets Act of 2016, Executive is hereby notified that an individual will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal
or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (i) is made (A) in confidence to a federal, state or local government
official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (B) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation
of law; or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. An
individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret
to his or her attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual files any document containing the
trade secret under seal, and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order.

(g) Return
of Property. Upon request during employment and immediately at the termination of Executives employment, Executive will return
to the Company all Confidential Information and Third Party Information in any form (including all copies and reproductions thereof) and
all other property whatsoever of the Company in Executives possession or under Executives control. If requested by the Company,
Executive will certify in writing that all such materials have been returned to the Company. Upon request by the Company, Executive will
cooperate with the Company in transferring all logins, passwords, and other access information for accounts and systems previously used
by Executive in connection with her employment with the Company. Executive also expressly agrees that immediately upon the termination
of Executives employment with the Company for any reason, Executive will cease using any secure website, computer systems, e-mail
system, or phone system or voicemail service provided by the Company for the use of its employees.

9. Assignment
of Inventions.

(a) Executive
agrees that all developments or inventions (including without limitation any and all software programs (source and object code), algorithms
and applications, concepts, designs, discoveries, improvements, processes, techniques, know-how and data) that are initiated, conceived,
discovered, reduced to practice, or made by Executive, either alone or in conjunction with others, during the Term and relate to or result
from the Executives work for the Company or which relate directly to the Companys businesses, whether or not patentable
or registrable under copyright or similar statutes or subject to analogous protection (Inventions), will be the sole
and exclusive property of the Company or its nominees. Executive will and hereby does assign to the Company all rights in and to such
Inventions upon the creation of any such Invention, including, without limitation: (i) patents, patent applications and patent rights
throughout the world; (ii) rights associated with works of authorship throughout the world, including copyrights, copyright applications,
copyright registrations, mask work rights, mask work applications and mask work registrations; (iii) rights relating to the protection
of trade secrets and confidential information throughout the world; (iv) rights analogous to those set forth herein and any other proprietary
rights relating to intangible property; and (v) divisions, continuations, renewals, reissues and extensions of the foregoing (as applicable),
now existing or hereafter filed, issued or acquired (collectively, the IP Rights).

- 7 -

(b) For
avoidance of doubt, if any Invention falls within the definition of work made for hire as such term is defined in 17 U.S.C.
101, such Invention(s) will be considered work made for hire and the copyright of such Invention(s) will be
owned solely and exclusively by the Company. If any Invention does not fall within such definition of work made for hire
then Executives right, title and interest in and to such Invention(s) will be assigned to the Company pursuant to Section 9(a)
above.

(c) The
Company and its nominees will have the right to use and/or to apply for statutory or common law protections for such Inventions in any
and all countries. Executive further agrees, at the Companys expense, to: (i) reasonably assist the Company in obtaining and from
time to time enforcing such IP Rights relating to Inventions, and (ii) execute and deliver to the Company or its nominee upon reasonable
request all such documents as the Company or its nominee may reasonably determine are necessary or appropriate to effect the purposes
of this Section 9, including assignments of inventions. Such documents may be necessary to: (1) vest in the Company or its nominee clear
and marketable title in and to Inventions; (2) apply for, prosecute and obtain patents, copyrights, mask works rights and other rights
and protections relating to Inventions; or (3) enforce patents, copyrights, mask works rights and other rights and protections relating
to Inventions. Executives obligations pursuant to this Section 9 will continue beyond the termination of Executives employment
with the Company. Executive hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the Company and its then-current Chief Executive Officer as Executives
agent and attorney-in-fact to act for and in behalf and instead of Executive, to execute and file any such application and to do all other
lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution and issuance of patents, trademarks, copyrights or other rights thereon with the same
legal force and effect as if executed by Executive, if the Company is unable after reasonable effort to secure Executives signature
to any lawful and necessary document required to apply for or execute any patent, trademark, copyright or other applications with respect
to any Inventions (including renewals, extensions, continuations, divisions or continuations in part thereof).

(d) The
obligations of Executive under Section 9(a) above will not apply to any Invention that Executive developed or conceived prior to the Effective
Date or entirely on Executives own time after the Effective Date without using the Companys equipment, supplies, facility
or trade secret information, except for those Inventions that (i) relate directly to the Companys business or actual or demonstrably
anticipated research or development or (ii) result from any work performed by Executive for Company. Executive will bear the burden of
proof in establishing the applicability of this subsection to a particular circumstance.

10. Restrictive
Covenants.

(a) Purpose.
Executive understands and agrees that the purpose of this Section 10 is solely to protect the Companys legitimate business
interests, including, but not limited to its confidential and proprietary information, customer relationships and goodwill, and the Companys
competitive advantage, and will not unduly impair Executives ability or right to work or earn a living. Therefore, Executive agrees
to be subject to restrictive covenants under the following terms.

(b) Definitions.
As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings given to such terms below.

(i) Business
means (A) the development or commercialization of treatments for diseases of the central nervous system, including cancers, and (B) the
business(es) in which the Company was actively engaged at the time of, or during the 12-month period immediately preceding the Termination
Date, provided that this clause (B) will only apply if Executive is involved with such other business.

(ii) Company
Employee means any person who is or was an employee or independent contractor of the Company at the time of, or during the
12-month period immediately preceding, (A) the conduct in question, if such conduct occurs prior to the Termination Date, or (B) the Termination
Date, if the conduct in question occurs on or after the Termination Date.

(iii) Customer
means any person or entity who is or was a customer or client of the Company at the time of, or during the 12-month period immediately
preceding, (A) the conduct in question, if such conduct occurs prior to the Termination Date, or (B) the Termination Date, if the conduct
in question occurs on or after the Termination Date, and in either case with whom Executive had dealings on behalf of the Company in the
course of his employment with the Company during such period, or about whom Executive learned or received confidential and proprietary
information in the course of his employment with Company during such period.

- 8 -

(iv) Prospective
Customer means any person or entity to whom, within the 12 months immediately prior to the Termination Date the Company had
submitted a proposal for products or services of which Executive has knowledge, provided that Executive has had material business contacts
with such person or entity on behalf of the Company during such 12-month period, whether such contact was initiated by the person or entity
or by Executive.

(v) Restricted
Period means the period commencing on the Termination Date and ending 12 months after such date, provided, however, that this
period will not run during any time Executive is in violation of this Section 10, it being the intent of the parties that the Restricted
Period will be extended for any period of time in which Executive is in violation of this Section 10.

(vi) Restricted
Territory means the United States of America, it being understood that the Companys business is nationwide in scope.
In the event that the preceding definition of Restricted Territory is deemed by a court of competent jurisdiction to be too broad to be
enforced under the circumstances, then Restricted Territory will mean the following severable and distinct territories:

(A) the
State of North Carolina;

(B) each
state, province, or similar political subdivision in which the Company engaged in material business at the time of, or during the 12-month
period immediately prior to, (y) the conduct in question, if such conduct occurs prior to the Termination Date, or (z) the Termination
Date, if the conduct in question occurs on or after the Termination Date;

(C) each city,
county, township, or similar political subdivision in which the Company engaged in material business at the time of, or during the 12-month
period immediately prior to, (y) the conduct in question, if such conduct occurs prior to the Termination Date, or (z) the Termination
Date, if the conduct in question occurs on or after the Termination Date;

(D) each
state, province, or similar political subdivision in which the Company engaged in material business with respect to which Executive provided
material services on behalf of the Company at the time of, or during the 12-month period immediately prior to, (y) the conduct in question,
if such conduct occurs prior to the Termination Date, or (z) the Termination Date, if the conduct in question occurs on or after the Termination
Date; or

(E) each
city, county, township, or similar political subdivision in which the Company engaged in material business with respect to which Executive
provided material services on behalf of the Company at the time of, or during the 12-month period immediately prior to, (y) the conduct
in question, if such conduct occurs prior to the Termination Date, or (z) the Termination Date, if the conduct in question occurs on or
after the Termination Date.

(vii) Termination
Date means the effective date of the termination of Executives employment for any reason.

(c) Non-Competition.
During Executives employment with the Company, Executive will not, on Executives own behalf or on behalf of any other person,
engage in any business competitive with or adverse to that of the Company. In addition, during Executives employment with the Company
and during the Restricted Period, Executive will not hold a position based in or with responsibility for all or part of the Restricted
Territory, with any person or entity engaging in the Business, whether as employee, consultant, or otherwise, in which Executive will
have duties, or will perform or be expected to perform services for such person or entity, that is or are the same as or substantially
similar to the position held by Executive or those duties or services actually performed by Executive for the Company within the 12-month
period immediately preceding (i) the conduct in question, if such conduct occurs prior to the Termination Date, or (ii) the Termination
Date, if the conduct in question occurs on or after the Termination Date, or in which Executive will use or disclose or be reasonably
expected to use or disclose any confidential or proprietary information of the Company for the purpose of providing, or attempting to
provide, such person or entity with a competitive advantage with respect to the Business. The Parties agree that nothing in this Section
10(c) will prohibit Executive from owning, as a passive investment, not more than 1% of any class of securities of a business entity which
is engaged, directly or indirectly, in a business which competes with the Business, or restrict or limit Executives ability to
work or provide services to a distinct department, division, or other segment of a business entity that does not engage in the Business,
even though other departments, divisions, or segments of the business entity may engage in the Business.

- 9 -

(d) Non-Solicitation.
During Executives employment with the Company and during the Restricted Period, Executive will not, directly or indirectly, on
Executives own behalf or on behalf of any other party:

(i) Call
upon, solicit, divert, encourage or attempt to call upon, solicit, divert, or encourage any Customer or Prospective Customer for purposes
of marketing, selling, or providing products or services to such Customer or Prospective Customer that are competitive with those offered
by the Company;

(ii) Accept
as a customer any Customer or Prospective Customer for purposes of marketing, selling, or providing products or services to such Customer
or Prospective Customer that are competitive with those offered by the Company;

(iii) Induce,
encourage, or attempt to induce or encourage any Customer or Prospective Customer to purchase or accept products or services that are
competitive with those offered by the Company from any person or entity (other than the Company) engaging in the Business;

(iv) Induce,
encourage, or attempt to induce or encourage any Customer to reduce, limit, or cancel its business with the Company;

(v) Solicit,
induce, or attempt to solicit or induce any Company Employee to terminate his or her employment or engagement with the Company; or

(vi) Otherwise
interfere with or engage in any conduct that would have the effect of interfering with the business relationship between the Company and
any of its vendors, suppliers, consultants, or contractors.

(e) Reasonableness
of Restrictions. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the restrictive covenants in this Agreement (i) are essential elements of
Executives employment by the Company and are reasonable given Executives access to the Companys Confidential Information
and the substantial knowledge and goodwill Executive will acquire with respect to the business of the Company as a result of Executives
employment with the Company, and the unique and extraordinary services to be provided by Executive to the Company; and (ii) are reasonable
in time, territory, and scope, and in all other respects. Provisions in this Section 10 calling for a look back prior to
a given date are intended solely as a means of identifying the individuals, entities, and/or place to which the restrictions described
in this Section 10 apply and are not intended to extend the length of the restrictions. The existence or assertion of any claim of or
by the Executive, whether predicated on this Agreement or otherwise, will not constitute a defense to the enforcement by the Company of
the covenants contained in this Section 10.

(f) Consideration.
Executive acknowledges and agrees that the covenants set forth in this Agreement are supported by adequate consideration, including,
but not limited to the Companys promise to provide the Separation Benefits or the CIC Separation Benefits, as applicable, and the
Companys other promises as described in this Agreement. The Company would not have agreed to enter into this Agreement but for
Executives agreement to the restrictions imposed by this Section 10.

(g) Judicial
Modification. Should any part or provision of this Section 10 be held invalid, void, or unenforceable in any court of competent jurisdiction,
such invalidity, voidness, or unenforceability will not render invalid, void, or unenforceable any other part or provision of this Agreement.
The parties further agree that if any portion of this Section 10 is found to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction
because its duration, territory, or other restrictions are deemed to be invalid or unreasonable in scope, the parties intend that the
court will, to the maximum extent permitted by law, replace the invalid or unreasonable terms with terms that are valid and enforceable
and that come closest to expressing the intention of such invalid or unenforceable terms.

11. Enforcement.
Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Company will suffer irreparable harm in the event that Executive breaches any of Executives
obligations under Sections 8, 9, or 10 of this Agreement and that monetary damages would be inadequate to compensate the Company for such
breach. Accordingly, Executive agrees that, in the event of a breach by Executive of any of Executives obligations under Sections
8, 9, or 10 of this Agreement, the Company will be entitled to obtain from any court of competent jurisdiction preliminary and permanent
injunctive relief in order to prevent or to restrain any such breach, without the need for posting bond or other security.

- 10 -

12. Cooperation.
Upon the receipt of reasonable notice from the Company (including its outside counsel), Executive agrees that while employed by, or
providing services to, the Company and thereafter, Executive will respond and provide information with regard to matters in which the
Executive has knowledge as a result of the Executives employment or service with the Company, and will, at the Companys
sole expense, provide reasonable assistance to the Company, its affiliates and their respective representatives in defense of all claims
that may be made against the Company (but excluding claims by Executive), and will assist the Company in the prosecution of all claims
that may be made by the Company or its affiliates, to the extent that such claims may relate to the period of the Executives employment
or service with the Company. Following the Term, the Company will reasonably cooperate with Executive regarding the scheduling of such
instances of cooperation under this Section 12, taking into account Executives professional and personal commitments. Executive
agrees to promptly inform the Company if Executive becomes aware of any lawsuit involving such claims that is likely to be filed or threatened
against the Company. Executive also agrees to promptly inform the Company (to the extent that Executive is legally permitted to do so)
if Executive is asked to assist in any investigation of the Company (or its actions), regardless of whether a lawsuit or other proceeding
has then been filed against the Company with respect to such investigation, and will not do so unless legally required. Upon presentation
of appropriate documentation, the Company will reimburse Executive for any reasonable expenses Executive incurs in connection with Executives
cooperation under this provision.

13. Indemnification.
The Company will indemnify Executive and hold Executive harmless in connection with the defense of any lawsuit or other claim, but
excluding claims arising out of Executives willful misconduct, to which he is made a party by reason of being an officer, director
or employee of the Company, to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware, as in effect at the time of the subject
act or omission. The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain directors and officers liability insurance
for acts and omissions occurring during Executives employment with the Company, in amounts and on terms reasonable and customary
for similarly situated companies, and Executive will be covered by such insurance on the same basis as other executive officers of the
Company.

14. Certain
Tax Matters.

(a) Application
of Section 409A of the Code. The parties intend that this Agreement and the payments made hereunder will be exempt from, or comply
with, the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the regulations and other guidance thereunder and any state law of similar effect
(collectively Section 409A), and this Agreement will be interpreted and applied to the greatest extent possible in
a manner that is consistent with the requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties under Section 409A. In no event, however, will the Company
be liable for any additional tax, interest, or penalty that may be imposed on Executive by Section 409A or damages for failing to comply
with Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, any payments and benefits provided under Section 6 above
that constitute deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A will not commence in connection with Executives
termination of employment unless and until Executive has also incurred a separation from service (as such term is defined
in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h)), unless the Company reasonably determines that such amounts may be provided to Executive without
causing Executive to incur the additional 20% tax under Section 409A. The parties intend that each installment of the Separation Benefits
or the CIC Separation Benefits, as applicable, is a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A. For the avoidance of
doubt, the parties intend that the Separation Benefits or the CIC Separation Benefits, as applicable, satisfy, to the greatest extent
possible, the exemptions from the application of Section 409A provided under Treasury Regulation Sections 1.409A-1(b)(4) and 1.409A-1(b)(9).
However, if the Company determines that the Separation Benefits or the CIC Separation Benefits, as applicable, constitute deferred
compensation under Section 409A and Executive is, as of the separation from service, a specified employee of the
Company or any successor entity thereto, as such term is defined in Section 409A, then, solely to the extent necessary to avoid the incurrence
of the adverse personal tax consequences under Section 409A, the timing of the payment of the Separation Benefits or the CIC Separation
Benefits, as applicable, will be delayed until the earlier to occur of: (i) the date that is six months and one day after Executives
separation from service, or (ii) the date of Executives death (such applicable date, the Specified Employee Initial Payment
Date), and the Company (or the successor entity thereto, as applicable) will (A) pay to Executive a lump sum amount equal to
the sum of the Separation Benefits payments or the CIC Separation Benefits payments, as applicable, that Executive would otherwise have
received through the Specified Employee Initial Payment Date if the commencement of the payment of the Separation Benefits or the CIC
Separation Benefits, as applicable, had not been so delayed pursuant to this Section, and (B) commence paying the balance of the Separation
Benefits or the CIC Separation Benefits, as applicable, in accordance with the applicable payment schedules set forth in this Agreement.

- 11 -

(b) Application
of Section 280G of the Code. If any payment, benefit or distribution of any type to or for the benefit of Executive, whether paid
or payable, provided or to be provided, or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise (collectively,
the Parachute Payments) would subject the Executive to the excise tax imposed under Section 4999 of the Code (the
Excise Tax), the Parachute Payments will be reduced so that the maximum amount of the Parachute Payments (after reduction)
will be $1.00 less than the amount which would cause the Parachute Payments to be subject to the Excise Tax; provided that the Parachute
Payments will only be reduced to the extent the after-tax value of amounts received by the Executive after application of the above reduction
would exceed the after-tax value of the amounts received without application of such reduction. For this purpose, the after-tax value
of an amount will be determined taking into account all federal, state, and local income, employment and excise taxes applicable to such
amount. If a reduction the Parachute Payments as described in this Section is necessary, the Company will reduce or eliminate the Parachute
Payments by first reducing or eliminating any cash payments (with the payments to be made furthest in the future being reduced first),
then by reducing or eliminating accelerated vesting of stock options or similar awards, and then by reducing or eliminating any other
remaining Parachute Payments; provided, that no such reduction or elimination will apply to any non-qualified deferred compensation amounts
(within the meaning of Section 409A) to the extent such reduction or elimination would accelerate or defer the timing of such payment
in manner that does not comply with Section 409A. The determination as to whether (x) any of the Parachute Payments received by the Executive
in connection with the occurrence of a change in the ownership or control of the Company or in the ownership of a substantial portion
of the assets of the Company will be subject to the Excise Tax, and (y) the amount of any reduction, if any, that may be required pursuant
to the previous paragraph, will be made by an independent accounting firm selected by the Company (the Accounting Firm)
prior to the consummation of such change in the ownership or effective control of the Company or in the ownership of a substantial portion
of the assets of the Company. For purposes of making the calculations required by this Section 14(b), the Accounting Firm may make reasonable
assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable, good faith interpretations concerning the application
of the Code (including but not limited to Sections 280G and 4999). The parties agree to furnish to the Accounting Firm such information
and documents as the Accounting Firm may reasonably request in order to make a determination under this Section 14(b). The Company will
bear all costs the Accounting Firm may reasonably incur in connection with any calculations contemplated by this Section 14(b). Executive
will be furnished with notice of all determinations made as to the Excise Tax payable with respect to the Executives Parachute
Payments, together with the related calculations of the Accounting Firm, promptly after such determinations and calculations have been
received by the Company.

15. Miscellaneous.

(a) Entire
Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes
all prior agreements (whether written or oral and whether express or implied) between the parties to the extent related to such subject
matter.

(b) Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors, permitted
assigns and, in the case of Executive, heirs, executors, and/or personal representatives. The Company may freely assign or transfer this
Agreement to an affiliated company or to a successor following a merger, consolidation, sale of assets, or other business transaction.
Executive may not assign, delegate or otherwise transfer any of Executives rights, interests or obligations in this Agreement without
the prior written approval of the Company.

(c) Counterparts;
Electronic Delivery. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original but all
of which together will constitute one instrument reflecting the terms of the Agreement. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic
mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com)
or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered will be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and
effective for all purposes.

(d) Notices.
Any notice pursuant to this Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed effectively given to the other party (i) on the date it is
actually delivered by personal delivery of such notice, (ii) one business day after its deposit in the custody of a reputable overnight
courier service (such as FedEx) next business day delivery charges prepaid; or (iii) three business days after its deposit in the custody
of the U.S. mail, certified or registered postage prepaid, return receipt requested; in each case to the appropriate address shown below
(or to such other address as a party may designate by notice to the other party):

If to Executive: Simon Pedder

If to Company: 

Adaptin Bio, Inc.

3540 Toringdon Way, Suite 200 #250

Charlotte, North Carolina 28277

Attention: Board of Directors

- 12 -

(e) Amendments
and Waivers. No amendment of any provision of this Agreement will be valid unless the amendment is in writing and signed by the Company
and Executive. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement will be valid unless the waiver is in writing and signed by the waiving party.
The failure of a party at any time to require performance of any provision of this Agreement will not affect such partys rights
at a later time to enforce such provision. No waiver by a party of any breach of this Agreement will be deemed to extend to any other
breach hereunder or affect in any way any rights arising by virtue of any other breach.

(f) Severability.
Each provision of this Agreement is severable from every other provision of this Agreement. Any provision of this Agreement that is determined
by any court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision.
Any provision of this Agreement held invalid or unenforceable only in part or degree will remain in full force and effect to the extent
not held invalid or unenforceable.

(g) Construction.
The section headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and are not intended to affect the interpretation of this Agreement.
The word including in this Agreement means including without limitation. This Agreement will be construed
as if drafted jointly by the Company and Executive and no presumption or burden of proof will arise favoring or disfavoring the Company
or Executive by virtue of the authorship of any provision in this Agreement. All words in this Agreement will be construed to be of such
gender or number as the circumstances require.

(h) Survival.
This Agreement, and all obligations of the Company and Executive hereunder, will terminate upon the termination of Executives employment,
with the following exceptions: (i) Executives continuing obligations under Sections 6, 8, 9, 10, 12, and 14; (ii) the Companys
obligations under Section 6 (subject to Executives obligations thereunder); (c) Executives right to indemnification under
Section 13; and (d) the relevant provisions of Sections 11 and 15.

(i) Remedies
Cumulative. The rights and remedies of the parties under this Agreement are cumulative (not alternative) and in addition to all other
rights and remedies available to such parties at law, in equity, by contract or otherwise.

(j) Governing
Law. This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of North Carolina without regard to principles of choice or conflict
of laws (whether of the State of North Carolina or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction
other than the State of North Carolina.

(k) Venue.
The parties agree that any litigation arising out of or related to this Agreement or Executives employment by Company will be brought
exclusively in any state or federal court in Mecklenburg County, North Carolina. Each party (i) consents to the personal jurisdiction
of said courts, (ii) waives any venue or inconvenient forum defense to any proceeding maintained in such courts, and (iii) except as expressly
provided above, agrees not to bring any proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or Executives employment by Company
in any other court.

(l) Legal
Counsel. This Agreement was prepared by Wyrick Robbins Yates & Ponton LLP in its capacity as legal counsel to the Company. Both
Parties acknowledge that they have had the opportunity to seek and obtain the advice of counsel before entering into this Agreement and
have done so to the extent desired, and have fully read the Agreement and understand the meaning and import of all the terms hereof.

[Signature Page Immediately Follows]

- 13 -

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the date first written above.

EXECUTIVE: COMPANY:

Adaptin Bio, Inc.

/s/ Simon Pedder By: /s/ Michael J. Roberts

Simon Pedder Name: Michael J. Roberts

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Executive Employment Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.11
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>ea023016901ex10-11_adaptin.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND MICHAEL J. ROBERTS, DATED FEBRUARY 11, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.11

EXECUTIVE
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This
Executive Employment Agreement (this Agreement) is entered into as of February 11, 2025, by and between Adaptin
Bio, Inc. (f/k/a Unite Acquisition 1 Corp.), a Delaware corporation (the Company),
and Michael J. Roberts (the Executive).

WHEREAS,
in connection with, and conditioned upon the completion of, the merger (the Merger) between the wholly-owned subsidiary
of Unite Acquisition 1 Corp. and private company Adaptin Bio, Inc. (Adaptin), the Company wishes to employ Executive
as its President and Chief Executive Officer, and Executive wishes to accept such employment, on the terms set forth in this Agreement;

WHEREAS
Executive acknowledges and agrees that through Executives association with Adaptin as an employee, Executive will acquire a considerable
amount of knowledge and goodwill with respect to the business of the Company, which knowledge and goodwill are highly valuable to the
Company and which would be detrimental to the Company if used by Executive to compete with the Company; and

WHEREAS
the Company wishes to protect its investment in its business, employees, customer relationships, and confidential information, by requiring
Executive to abide by certain restrictive covenants regarding confidentiality, non-competition, and non-solicitation, each of which is
an inducement to the Company to enter into this Agreement;

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, the mutual agreements contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

1. Employment.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company hereby employs Executive, and Executive accepts such employment.
The employment relationship hereunder will be for the period commencing on the closing of the Merger (such date, the Effective
Date) and will continue for a term of three years (the Initial Term) unless terminated sooner in accordance
with Section 5 below. After the Initial Term expires, this Agreement will automatically renew for successive one-year terms (subject,
in any event, to termination in accordance with Section 5 below), unless either party provides written notice of its intent not to renew
the Agreement at least 90 days prior to the expiration of the then-current term. The period from the Effective Date through the date
of the termination of Executives employment hereunder is referred to herein as the Term.

2. Position
and Duties.

(a) Position.
Executive will serve as the Companys President and Chief Executive Officer, reporting to the Companys Board of Directors
(the Board). Executive will perform such services for the Company and have such powers, responsibilities and authority
as are customarily associated with the position of Chief Executive Officer in similar companies, and will perform such additional duties
as may otherwise be reasonably assigned to Executive from time to time by the Board.

- 1 -

(b) Full-Time
Employment. Executive will devote Executives full business time, attention, and efforts to the affairs of the Company and
to the duties hereunder, and will perform such duties diligently and to the best of Executives ability, in compliance with the
Companys policies and procedures and the laws and regulations that apply to the Companys business. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, Executive may (i) participate in charitable, civic, educational, professional, community or industry affairs, (ii) continue
to serve as advisor to Corino Therapeutics, Inc., (iii) continue to serve as President of MAC B Consulting, (iv) serve on the board of
directors of a company formed to advance any of the inventions listed in Exhibit A attached hereto, and (iv) manage Executives
passive personal investments, so long as, in each case, such activities individually or in the aggregate do not materially interfere
or conflict with the Executives duties hereunder or create a potential business or fiduciary conflict (in each case, as determined
by the Board).

(c) Board
Service. The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Executive to be elected as a member of the Board throughout
the Term and will include him in the management slate for election as a director at every stockholders meeting during the Term at which
his term as a director would otherwise expire. Executive agrees to accept election, and to serve during the Term, as director of the
Company, without any compensation therefor other than as specified in this Agreement.

(d) Principal
Work Location. Executives principal workplace for the performance of his duties under this Agreement will be at the Companys
headquarters or the Executives residence in the state of North Carolina. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive will be
required to travel as necessary to perform his duties hereunder.

3. Compensation
and Benefits. As compensation for the services to be rendered by Executive under this Agreement, the Company will provide the following
compensation and benefits during Executives employment hereunder.

(a) Base
Salary. During the Term, the Company will pay Executive a base salary at an annual rate of $480,000 (the Base Salary).
The Base Salary will be payable in equal installments in accordance with the Companys payroll practices as in effect from time
to time. The Base Salary will be reviewed by the Board from time to time, and may be increased in the sole discretion of the Board. Executives
salary may not be reduced except in connection with an across-the-board reduction of executive level salaries in which Executive will
not be subject to a greater reduction, on a percentage basis, than any other executive-level employee.

(b) Bonus
Opportunity. For each calendar year ending during the Term, Executive will be eligible to receive an annual bonus (the Annual
Bonus) with a target amount of 50% of Executives Base Salary. The actual amount of each Annual Bonus will be based
upon the level of achievement of the Companys corporate objectives and the Executives individual objectives, in each case,
as established by the Board for the calendar year with respect to which such Annual Bonus relates. The Board has the authority to increase
the Annual Bonus to up to 100% of the Executive Base Salary if the fiscal year corporate goals are exceeded or based on exemplary performance
during the fiscal year by the Executive. The determination of the level of achievement of the corporate objectives and the Executives
individual performance objectives for a year will be made by the Board in its reasonable discretion. The Annual Bonus for a calendar
year, to the extent earned, will be paid in a lump sum in the following calendar year. The Annual Bonus will not be deemed earned until
the date that it is paid. Accordingly, in order for the Executive to receive an Annual Bonus, the Executive must be actively employed
by the Company at the time of such payment.

- 2 -

(c) Equity
Compensation. 

(i) Subject
to approval by the Board and subject to the terms of the Companys equity incentive plan then in place, in the event the Company
issues additional securities raising aggregate funds of $10,000,000 (in one or more transactions), occurring, if at all, within two years
following the Merger (the Additional Financing Period), the Company will grant Executive options to purchase a number
of shares of common stock of the Company (the Anti-Dilution Options) sufficient to ensure that Executives
ownership immediately following the Additional Financing Period, on a fully diluted basis and assuming the exercise of all outstanding
options (whether or not then exercisable) is equal to Executives ownership immediately following the Merger, as determined on
a fully diluted basis and assuming the exercise of all outstanding options (whether or not then exercisable). The per share exercise
price of the Anti-Dilution Options will be equal to the fair market value of a share of the Companys common stock on the date
of grant, as determined by the Board. The Anti-Dilution Options, if any, will become exercisable in four equal annual installments, in
each case subject to Executives continued employment with the Company on the date each such vesting milestone is achieved. The
Anti-Dilution Options will be subject to the terms of the Companys equity incentive plan then in place and a related option grant
agreement to be entered between Executive and the Company.

(ii) During
the Term, Executive will be eligible to receive from time to time such equity grants or awards, if any, pursuant to the terms of any
equity incentive plan of the Company (or any successor plan as may be in place from time to time) as may be approved by the Board in
its discretion. Such grants or awards will be subject to the terms and conditions of such plan (or any successor plan) and such other
terms and conditions as the Board in its discretion may establish.

(d) Paid
Vacation. Executive will be entitled to paid vacation days in accordance with the Companys vacation policies in effect from
time to time for its executive team; provided, however that the Executive will be entitled to no less than 25 paid vacation days per
calendar year during the Term.

(e) General
Benefits. Executive will be entitled to such other benefits, and to participate in such benefit plans, as are generally made available
to similarly situated senior executive employees of the Company from time to time, subject to Company policy and the terms and conditions
of any applicable benefit plans. Nothing in this Agreement will be deemed to alter the Companys rights to modify or terminate
any such plans or programs in its sole discretion.

- 3 -

(f) Withholdings.
The Company will withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement such federal, state, and local taxes as the Company determines
are required to be withheld pursuant to applicable law.

(g) Recoupment
of Compensation. Any incentive-based or other compensation paid to Executive under this Agreement or any other agreement or arrangement
with the Company which is subject to recovery under any law, government regulation, stock exchange listing requirement or any compensation
recovery or clawback policy adopted by the Company from time to time will be subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture or recoupment
as may be required by such law, government regulation, stock exchange listing requirement or policy. In addition, if Executive is or
becomes an executive officer subject to the incentive compensation repayment requirements of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act), then if required by the Dodd-Frank Act or any of its regulations Executive
will enter into an amendment to this Agreement or a separate written agreement with the Company to comply with the Dodd-Frank Act and
any of its regulations.

4. Reimbursement
of Expenses. The Company will reimburse Executive for all reasonable business expenses incurred by Executive in connection with the
performance of Executives duties hereunder, subject to Executives compliance with the Companys reimbursement policies
in effect from time to time.

5. Termination.
This Agreement, and Executives employment hereunder, are subject to termination as follows.

(a) Death.
Automatically effective upon Executives death.

(b) Disability.
By the Company upon notice to Executive in the event of Executives Disability. As used herein, Disability
means the inability of Executive, due to the condition of Executives physical, mental or emotional health, effectively to perform
the essential functions of Executives job with or without reasonable accommodation for a continuous period of at least 90 consecutive
days or for 120 days in any period of 12 consecutive months, as determined by the Board in good faith. In any event, the Company will
comply fully with the applicable provisions of the Americans with Disabilities Act, as amended, the Family and Medical Leave Act, and
any similar applicable law. For purposes of making a determination as to whether a Disability exists, at the Companys request
Executive agrees to make himself available and to cooperate in a reasonable examination by a reputable independent physician retained
by the Company and to authorize the disclosure and release to the Company of all medical records related to such examination.

(c) For
Cause. By the Company effective upon written notice to Executive for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause
means: (i) Executives fraud, embezzlement or misappropriation with respect to the Company; (ii) Executives willful or grossly
negligent misconduct that has or may reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the property, business, or reputation
of the Company; (iii) Executives material breach of this Agreement; (iv) Executives willful failure or refusal to perform
Executives material duties under this Agreement or willful failure to follow any specific lawful instructions of the Board; (v)
Executives conviction or plea of nolo contendere in respect of a felony or of a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude; or (vi)
Executives material failure to comply with the Companys workplace rules, policies, or procedures. In the event that the
Company concludes that Executive has engaged in acts constituting in Cause as defined in clause (iii) or (iv) above, prior to terminating
this Agreement for Cause the Company will provide Executive with at least 15 days advance notice of the circumstances constituting
such Cause, and an opportunity to correct such circumstances, to the extent such circumstances are susceptible of being corrected.

- 4 -

(d) Without
Cause. By the Company effective upon 90 days advance written notice to Executive at any time for any reason other than for Cause
or Executives Disability.

(e) Resignation
for Good Reason. Executive may resign his employment for Good Reason by complying with the Good Reason Procedure as described herein.
The Good Reason Procedure means (i) Executive reasonably determines in good faith that a Good Reason condition has
occurred; (ii) Executive notifies the Company in writing of the first occurrence of the Good Reason condition within 60 days of the first
occurrence of such condition; (iii) Executive cooperates in good faith with the Companys efforts, for a period not less than 30
days following such notice (the Good Reason Cure Period), to remedy the condition; (iv) notwithstanding such efforts,
the Good Reason condition continues to exist; and (v) Executive terminates Executives employment within 60 days after the end
of the Good Reason Cure Period. If the Company cures the Good Reason condition during the Good Reason Cure Period, Good Reason will be
deemed not to have occurred. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason means the occurrence of any of the following
events without Executives written consent: (i) the Companys requiring Executive to be based at any office or location more
than 25 miles from his principal work location as of the Effective Date, except for travel reasonably required in the performance of
Executives responsibilities to the Company; (ii) a material reduction of Executives Base Salary not in compliance with
Section 3(a) above; (iii) a material diminution of the Executives authority, duties, or responsibilities; or (iv) the Companys
material breach of this Agreement.

(f) Other
Resignation. By Executive effective upon 30 days written notice to the Company at any time for any reason.

(g) Employment
During Notice Periods. During any notice period under Sections 5(c), 5(e), or 5(f) the Company may, in its sole discretion, relieve
Executive of some or all of his duties during the notice period, but the Company will continue to provide Executive with all required
salary and benefits during such period.

6. Effect
of Termination.

(a) Generally.
When Executives employment with the Company is terminated for any reason, Executive, or Executives estate, as the case
may be, will be entitled to receive the compensation and benefits earned through the effective date of termination, along with reimbursement
for any unreimbursed business expenses incurred through the date of termination that Executive has timely submitted (or does timely submit)
for reimbursement in accordance with the Companys expense reimbursement policy or practice.

- 5 -

(b) Resignation
from Positions. Immediately upon the termination of Executives employment with the Company for any reason, Executive will
be deemed to have resigned from all positions as an officer or director of the Company, along with any other positions he may hold with
or for the benefit of the Company and/or its affiliates. In furtherance of the preceding sentence, Executive will execute and return
to the Company all letters and documents that the Company may reasonably require in order to evidence such resignation(s), but Executives
failure to execute and return such documents will not have the effect of delaying or in any way invalidating the resignation(s) provided
for by the preceding sentence.

(c) Separation
Benefits upon Certain Terminations not in Connection with a Change in Control. If the Company terminates Executives employment
without Cause pursuant to Section 5(d), or if Executive resigns for Good Reason pursuant to Section 5(e), then conditioned upon Executive
executing and not revoking a Release (as described below) following such termination, the Company will provide Executive with the following
benefits (together, the Separation Benefits):

(i) the
Company will pay Executive an amount of severance equal to 24 months of Executives then-current Base Salary, such amounts payable
to Executive over time in accordance with the Companys payroll practices and procedures beginning on the 60th day following the
termination of Executives employment with the Company, provided that the first installment will include all amounts that would
have been paid if such payments had commenced effective on the date of termination; and

(ii) if
Executive timely elects continued health insurance coverage pursuant to COBRA, the Company will contribute toward the premium necessary
to continue such coverage for Executive and Executives family at the same rate as the Company had contributed for such coverage
as of the date of termination, for 18 months or until Executive becomes eligible for group health insurance coverage under another employers
plan, whichever occurs first, provided however, that the Company will have the right to terminate such payment of COBRA premiums on behalf
of Executive and instead pay Executive a lump sum amount equal to the COBRA premium times the number of months remaining in the specified
period if the Company determines in its discretion that continued payment of the COBRA premiums is or may be discriminatory under Section
105(h) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code).

(d) Separation
Benefits upon Certain Terminations in Connection with a Change in Control. If the Company terminates Executives employment
without Cause pursuant to Section 5(d), or if Executive resigns for Good Reason pursuant to Section 5(e), in either case at the time
of, or within 6 months following, a Change in Control (as defined below) then conditioned upon Executive executing and not revoking a
Release (as described below) following such termination, the Company will provide Executive with the following benefits (together, the
CIC Separation Benefits):

(i) the
Company will pay Executive an amount of severance equal to 24 months of Executives then-current Base Salary, such amounts payable
to Executive over time in accordance with the Companys payroll practices and procedures beginning on the 60th day following the
termination of Executives employment with the Company, provided that the first installment will include all amounts that would
have been paid if such payments had commenced effective on the date of termination;

- 6 -

(ii) the
vesting of all stock options, restricted stock units, and other equity awards will be accelerated such that all such awards are deemed
to have been vested as of the date of termination; and

(iii) if
Executive timely elects continued health insurance coverage pursuant to COBRA, the Company will contribute toward the premium necessary
to continue such coverage for Executive and Executives family at the same rate as the Company had contributed for such coverage
as of the date of termination, for 18 months or until Executive becomes eligible for group health insurance coverage under another employers
plan, whichever occurs first, provided however, that the Company will have the right to terminate such payment of COBRA premiums on behalf
of Executive and instead pay Executive a lump sum amount equal to the COBRA premium times the number of months remaining in the specified
period if the Company determines in its discretion that continued payment of the COBRA premiums is or may be discriminatory under Section
105(h) of the Code.

(e) Change
in Control Defined. As used in this Agreement, the term Change in Control means the occurrence of any one of
the following events:

(i) any
person, including a group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), but excluding the Company, any entity controlling, controlled by or
under common control with the Company, any trustee, fiduciary or other person or entity holding securities under any employee benefit
plan or trust of the Company or any such entity, and, with respect to any particular qualified participant of any equity incentive plan
of the Company (a Participant), the Participant and any group (as such term is used in Section 13(d)(3)
of the Exchange Act) of which the Participant is a member), is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13(d)(3)
under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 50% or more of either (A) the combined voting
power of the Companys then outstanding securities; or (B) the Companys then outstanding equity securities (in either such
case other than as a result of an acquisition of securities directly from the Company);

(ii) any
consolidation or merger of the Company where the stockholders of the Company, immediately prior to the consolidation or merger, would
not, immediately after the consolidation or merger, beneficially own (as such term is defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act),
directly or indirectly, equity securities representing in the aggregate 50% or more of the combined voting power of the securities of
the entity issuing cash or securities in the consolidation or merger (or of its ultimate parent entity, if any);

(iii) any
sale, lease, exclusive license, exchange or other transfer (in one transaction or a series of transactions contemplated or arranged by
any party as a single plan) of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, other than a sale or disposition by the Company
of all or substantially all of the Companys assets to an entity, at least 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities
of which are owned by persons (as defined above) in substantially the same proportion as their ownership of the Company
immediately prior to such sale; or

- 7 -

(iv) the
members of the Board at the beginning of any consecutive 24-calendar-month period (the Incumbent Directors) cease
for any reason other than due to death to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board; provided that any director whose
election, or nomination for election by the Companys stockholders, was approved or ratified by a vote of at least a majority of
the members of the Board then still in office who were members of the Board at the beginning of such 24-calendar-month period, will be
deemed to be an Incumbent Director.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, no event or condition will constitute a Change in Control to the extent that, if it were, a penalty tax would be imposed
under Section 409A; provided that, in such a case, the event or condition will continue to constitute a Change in Control to the maximum
extent possible (e.g., if applicable, in respect of vesting without an acceleration of distribution) without causing the imposition of
such penalty tax.

(f) Release.
The Companys obligation to provide the Separation Benefits or the CIC Separation Benefits, as applicable, is conditioned upon
Executive executing and returning a release of claims in a form acceptable to the Company (the Release) within the
time specified therein, which Release is not revoked within any time period allowed for revocation under applicable law.

(g) Post-Termination
Breach. If Executive is entitled to receive the Separation Benefits or the CIC Separation Benefits but violates any provisions of
Sections 8 through 10 hereof after termination of employment, the Company will be entitled to immediately stop paying any further installments
of the Separation Benefits or the CIC Separation Benefits as applicable, in addition to any other remedies that may be available to the
Company in law or at equity.

(h) No
Further Obligations. Except as expressly provided above or as otherwise required by law, the Company will have no obligations to
Executive in the event of the termination of this Agreement for any reason. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event will Executive be
entitled to benefits under both Section 6(c) and 6(d).

7. Representations
of Executive. Executive represents and warrants that he is not obligated or restricted under any agreement (including any non-competition
or confidentiality agreement), judgment, decree, order or other restraint of any kind that could impair Executives ability to
perform the duties and obligations required hereunder. Executive further agrees that Executive will not divulge to the Company any confidential
information and/or trade secrets belonging to others, including Executives former employers. Consistent with the foregoing, Executive
will not provide to the Company any documents or copies of documents containing such information.

- 8 -

8. Confidential
Information.

(a) Executive
acknowledges that the Company has and will give Executive access to certain highly-sensitive, confidential, and proprietary information
belonging to the Company (or third parties who may have furnished such information under obligations of confidentiality), relating to
and used in the Companys business (collectively, Confidential Information). Executive acknowledges that Confidential
Information includes, but is not limited to, the following categories of Company related confidential or proprietary information and
material: financial statements and information; budgets, forecasts, and projections; business and strategic plans; marketing, sales,
and business development strategies; research and development projects; records relating to any intellectual property developed by, owned
by, controlled, or maintained by the Company; information related to the Companys inventions, research, products, designs, methods,
formulae, techniques, systems, processes; customer lists; non-public information relating to the Companys customers, suppliers,
distributors, or investors; the specific terms of the Companys agreements or arrangements, whether oral or written, with any customer,
supplier, vendor, or contractor with which the Company may be associated from time to time; and any and all information relating to the
operation of the Companys business which the Company may from time to time designate as confidential or proprietary or that Executive
reasonably knows should be, or has been, treated by the Company as confidential or proprietary. Executive further understands that Company
will receive confidential business information from third parties, including but not limited to the Companys clients (the Third
Party Information), under a duty to maintain the confidentiality of such Third Party Information and to use it only for limited
purposes. Confidential Information and Third Party Information encompass all formats in which information is preserved, whether electronic,
print, or any other form, including all originals, copies, notes, or other reproductions or replicas thereof.

(b) Confidential
Information does not include any information that: (i) at the time of disclosure is generally known to, or readily ascertainable by,
the public; (ii) becomes known to the public through no fault of Executive or other violation of this Agreement; or (iii) is disclosed
to Executive by a third party under no obligation to maintain the confidentiality of the information.

(c) Executive
acknowledges that the Confidential Information is owned or licensed by the Company (and Third Party Information is possessed by the Company
with the permission of its owner); is unique, valuable, proprietary and confidential; derives independent actual or potential commercial
value from not being generally known or available to the public; and is subject to reasonable efforts to maintain its secrecy. Executive
hereby relinquishes and agrees that Executive will not at any time claim, any right, title or interest of any kind in or to any Confidential
Information or Third Party Information.

(d) During
and after Executives employment with the Company, Executive will hold in trust and confidence all Confidential Information and
Third Party Information, and will not disclose any Confidential Information or Third Party Information to any person or entity, except
in the course of performing duties assigned by the Company or as authorized in writing by the Company. Executive further agrees that
during and after Executives employment with the Company, Executive will not use any Confidential Information or Third Party Information
for any purpose, except in the course of performing duties assigned by the Company or as authorized in writing by the Company.

- 9 -

(e) Notwithstanding
the covenants contained in Section 8(d) above, Executive may disclose Confidential Information or Third Party Information solely to the
extent that Executive is required to do so by law, provided that Executive (i) notifies the Company of the existence and terms of such
obligation, (ii) gives the Company a reasonable opportunity to seek a protective or similar order to prevent or limit such disclosure,
and (iii) only discloses that information actually required to be disclosed.

(f) Nothing
in this Agreement is intended to or will prohibit Executive from communicating with any governmental authority, or making a report in
good faith and with a reasonable belief of any violations of law or regulation to a governmental authority, or from filing, testifying
or participating in a legal proceeding relating to such violations, including making disclosures protected or required by any whistleblower
law or regulation to the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Department of Labor, or any other appropriate government authority charged
with the enforcement of any applicable laws. In addition, nothing in this Agreement is intended to or will limit any employees
right to discuss the terms, wages, and working conditions of their employment, as protected by applicable law. Pursuant to the Defend
Trade Secrets Act of 2016, Executive is hereby notified that an individual will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal
or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (i) is made (A) in confidence to a federal, state or local government
official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (B) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected
violation of law; or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under
seal. An individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade
secret to his or her attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual files any document containing
the trade secret under seal, and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order.

(g) Return
of Property. Upon request during employment and immediately at the termination of Executives employment, Executive will return
to the Company all Confidential Information and Third Party Information in any form (including all copies and reproductions thereof)
and all other property whatsoever of the Company in Executives possession or under Executives control. If requested by
the Company, Executive will certify in writing that all such materials have been returned to the Company. Upon request by the Company,
Executive will cooperate with the Company in transferring all logins, passwords, and other access information for accounts and systems
previously used by Executive in connection with her employment with the Company. Executive also expressly agrees that immediately upon
the termination of Executives employment with the Company for any reason, Executive will cease using any secure website, computer
systems, e-mail system, or phone system or voicemail service provided by the Company for the use of its employees.

9. Assignment
of Inventions.

(a) Executive
agrees that all developments or inventions (including without limitation any and all software programs (source and object code), algorithms
and applications, concepts, designs, discoveries, improvements, processes, techniques, know-how and data) that are initiated, conceived,
discovered, reduced to practice, or made by Executive, either alone or in conjunction with others, during the Term and relate to or result
from the Executives work for the Company or which relate directly to the Companys businesses, whether or not patentable
or registrable under copyright or similar statutes or subject to analogous protection (Inventions), will be the
sole and exclusive property of the Company or its nominees. Executive will and hereby does assign to the Company all rights in and to
such Inventions upon the creation of any such Invention, including, without limitation: (i) patents, patent applications and patent
rights throughout the world; (ii) rights associated with works of authorship throughout the world, including copyrights, copyright applications,
copyright registrations, mask work rights, mask work applications and mask work registrations; (iii) rights relating to the protection
of trade secrets and confidential information throughout the world; (iv) rights analogous to those set forth herein and any other proprietary
rights relating to intangible property; and (v) divisions, continuations, renewals, reissues and extensions of the foregoing (as applicable),
now existing or hereafter filed, issued or acquired (collectively, the IP Rights).

- 10 -

(b) For
avoidance of doubt, if any Invention falls within the definition of work made for hire as such term is defined in 17 U.S.C.
101, such Invention(s) will be considered work made for hire and the copyright of such Invention(s) will be
owned solely and exclusively by the Company. If any Invention does not fall within such definition of work made for hire
then Executives right, title and interest in and to such Invention(s) will be assigned to the Company pursuant to Section 9(a)
above.

(c) The
Company and its nominees will have the right to use and/or to apply for statutory or common law protections for such Inventions in any
and all countries. Executive further agrees, at the Companys expense, to: (i) reasonably assist the Company in obtaining and from
time to time enforcing such IP Rights relating to Inventions, and (ii) execute and deliver to the Company or its nominee upon reasonable
request all such documents as the Company or its nominee may reasonably determine are necessary or appropriate to effect the purposes
of this Section 9, including assignments of inventions. Such documents may be necessary to: (1) vest in the Company or its nominee clear
and marketable title in and to Inventions; (2) apply for, prosecute and obtain patents, copyrights, mask works rights and other rights
and protections relating to Inventions; or (3) enforce patents, copyrights, mask works rights and other rights and protections relating
to Inventions. Executives obligations pursuant to this Section 9 will continue beyond the termination of Executives employment
with the Company. Executive hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the Company and its then-current Chief Executive Officer as Executives
agent and attorney-in-fact to act for and in behalf and instead of Executive, to execute and file any such application and to do all
other lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution and issuance of patents, trademarks, copyrights or other rights thereon with
the same legal force and effect as if executed by Executive, if the Company is unable after reasonable effort to secure Executives
signature to any lawful and necessary document required to apply for or execute any patent, trademark, copyright or other applications
with respect to any Inventions (including renewals, extensions, continuations, divisions or continuations in part thereof).

(d) The
obligations of Executive under Section 9(a) above will not apply to any Invention that Executive developed or conceived prior to the
Effective Date or entirely on Executives own time after the Effective Date without using the Companys equipment, supplies,
facility or trade secret information, except for those Inventions that (i) relate directly to the Companys business or actual
or demonstrably anticipated research or development or (ii) result from any work performed by Executive for Company. Obligations of Executive
under Section 9(a) above do not apply to and are not limited to Inventions listed in Exhibit A attached hereto. Executive will
bear the burden of proof in establishing the applicability of this subsection to a particular circumstance.

- 11 -

10. Restrictive
Covenants.

(a) Purpose.
Executive understands and agrees that the purpose of this Section 10 is solely to protect the Companys legitimate business
interests, including, but not limited to its confidential and proprietary information, customer relationships and goodwill, and the Companys
competitive advantage, and will not unduly impair Executives ability or right to work or earn a living. Therefore, Executive agrees
to be subject to restrictive covenants under the following terms.

(b) Definitions.
As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings given to such terms below.

(i) Business
means (A) the development or commercialization of treatments for diseases of the central nervous system, including cancers, and (B) the
business(es) in which the Company was actively engaged at the time of, or during the 12-month period immediately preceding the Termination
Date, provided that this clause (B) will only apply if Executive is involved with such other business.

(ii) Company
Employee means any person who is or was an employee or independent contractor of the Company at the time of, or during the
12-month period immediately preceding, (A) the conduct in question, if such conduct occurs prior to the Termination Date, or (B) the
Termination Date, if the conduct in question occurs on or after the Termination Date.

(iii) Customer
means any person or entity who is or was a customer or client of the Company at the time of, or during the 12-month period immediately
preceding, (A) the conduct in question, if such conduct occurs prior to the Termination Date, or (B) the Termination Date, if the conduct
in question occurs on or after the Termination Date, and in either case with whom Executive had dealings on behalf of the Company in
the course of his employment with the Company during such period, or about whom Executive learned or received confidential and proprietary
information in the course of his employment with Company during such period.

(iv) Prospective
Customer means any person or entity to whom, within the 12 months immediately prior to the Termination Date the Company had
submitted a proposal for products or services of which Executive has knowledge, provided that Executive has had material business contacts
with such person or entity on behalf of the Company during such 12-month period, whether such contact was initiated by the person or
entity or by Executive.

(v) Restricted
Period means the period commencing on the Termination Date and ending 12 months after such date, provided, however, that this
period will not run during any time Executive is in violation of this Section 10, it being the intent of the parties that the Restricted
Period will be extended for any period of time in which Executive is in violation of this Section 10.

- 12 -

(vi) Restricted
Territory means the United States of America, it being understood that the Companys business is nationwide in scope.
In the event that the preceding definition of Restricted Territory is deemed by a court of competent jurisdiction to be too broad to
be enforced under the circumstances, then Restricted Territory will mean the following severable and distinct territories:

(A) the
State of North Carolina;

(B) each
state, province, or similar political subdivision in which the Company engaged in material business at the time of, or during the 12-month
period immediately prior to, (y) the conduct in question, if such conduct occurs prior to the Termination Date, or (z) the Termination
Date, if the conduct in question occurs on or after the Termination Date;

(C) each
city, county, township, or similar political subdivision in which the Company engaged in material business at the time of, or during
the 12-month period immediately prior to, (y) the conduct in question, if such conduct occurs prior to the Termination Date, or (z) the
Termination Date, if the conduct in question occurs on or after the Termination Date;

(D) each
state, province, or similar political subdivision in which the Company engaged in material business with respect to which Executive provided
material services on behalf of the Company at the time of, or during the 12-month period immediately prior to, (y) the conduct in question,
if such conduct occurs prior to the Termination Date, or (z) the Termination Date, if the conduct in question occurs on or after the
Termination Date; or

(E) each
city, county, township, or similar political subdivision in which the Company engaged in material business with respect to which Executive
provided material services on behalf of the Company at the time of, or during the 12-month period immediately prior to, (y) the conduct
in question, if such conduct occurs prior to the Termination Date, or (z) the Termination Date, if the conduct in question occurs on
or after the Termination Date.

(vii) Termination
Date means the effective date of the termination of Executives employment for any reason.

(c) Non-Competition.
During Executives employment with the Company, Executive will not, on Executives own behalf or on behalf of any other
person, engage in any business competitive with or adverse to that of the Company. In addition, during Executives employment with
the Company and during the Restricted Period, Executive will not hold a position based in or with responsibility for all or part of the
Restricted Territory, with any person or entity engaging in the Business, whether as employee, consultant, or otherwise, in which Executive
will have duties, or will perform or be expected to perform services for such person or entity, that is or are the same as or substantially
similar to the position held by Executive or those duties or services actually performed by Executive for the Company within the 12-month
period immediately preceding (i) the conduct in question, if such conduct occurs prior to the Termination Date, or (ii) the Termination
Date, if the conduct in question occurs on or after the Termination Date, or in which Executive will use or disclose or be reasonably
expected to use or disclose any confidential or proprietary information of the Company for the purpose of providing, or attempting to
provide, such person or entity with a competitive advantage with respect to the Business. The Parties agree that nothing in this Section
10(c) will prohibit Executive from owning, as a passive investment, not more than 1% of any class of securities of a business entity
which is engaged, directly or indirectly, in a business which competes with the Business, or restrict or limit Executives ability
to work or provide services to a distinct department, division, or other segment of a business entity that does not engage in the Business,
even though other departments, divisions, or segments of the business entity may engage in the Business.

- 13 -

(d) Non-Solicitation.
During Executives employment with the Company and during the Restricted Period, Executive will not, directly or indirectly,
on Executives own behalf or on behalf of any other party:

(i) Call
upon, solicit, divert, encourage or attempt to call upon, solicit, divert, or encourage any Customer or Prospective Customer for purposes
of marketing, selling, or providing products or services to such Customer or Prospective Customer that are competitive with those offered
by the Company;

(ii) Accept
as a customer any Customer or Prospective Customer for purposes of marketing, selling, or providing products or services to such Customer
or Prospective Customer that are competitive with those offered by the Company;

(iii) Induce,
encourage, or attempt to induce or encourage any Customer or Prospective Customer to purchase or accept products or services that are
competitive with those offered by the Company from any person or entity (other than the Company) engaging in the Business;

(iv) Induce,
encourage, or attempt to induce or encourage any Customer to reduce, limit, or cancel its business with the Company;

(v) Solicit,
induce, or attempt to solicit or induce any Company Employee to terminate his or her employment or engagement with the Company; or

(vi) Otherwise
interfere with or engage in any conduct that would have the effect of interfering with the business relationship between the Company
and any of its vendors, suppliers, consultants, or contractors.

(e) Reasonableness
of Restrictions. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the restrictive covenants in this Agreement (i) are essential elements of
Executives employment by the Company and are reasonable given Executives access to the Companys Confidential Information
and the substantial knowledge and goodwill Executive will acquire with respect to the business of the Company as a result of Executives
employment with the Company, and the unique and extraordinary services to be provided by Executive to the Company; and (ii) are reasonable
in time, territory, and scope, and in all other respects. Provisions in this Section 10 calling for a look back prior to
a given date are intended solely as a means of identifying the individuals, entities, and/or place to which the restrictions described
in this Section 10 apply and are not intended to extend the length of the restrictions. The existence or assertion of any claim of or
by the Executive, whether predicated on this Agreement or otherwise, will not constitute a defense to the enforcement by the Company
of the covenants contained in this Section 10.

- 14 -

(f) Consideration.
Executive acknowledges and agrees that the covenants set forth in this Agreement are supported by adequate consideration, including,
but not limited to the Companys promise to provide the Separation Benefits or the CIC Separation Benefits, as applicable, and
the Companys other promises as described in this Agreement. The Company would not have agreed to enter into this Agreement but
for Executives agreement to the restrictions imposed by this Section 10.

(g) Judicial
Modification. Should any part or provision of this Section 10 be held invalid, void, or unenforceable in any court of competent jurisdiction,
such invalidity, voidness, or unenforceability will not render invalid, void, or unenforceable any other part or provision of this Agreement.
The parties further agree that if any portion of this Section 10 is found to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction
because its duration, territory, or other restrictions are deemed to be invalid or unreasonable in scope, the parties intend that the
court will, to the maximum extent permitted by law, replace the invalid or unreasonable terms with terms that are valid and enforceable
and that come closest to expressing the intention of such invalid or unenforceable terms.

11. Enforcement.
Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Company will suffer irreparable harm in the event that Executive breaches any of Executives
obligations under Sections 8, 9, or 10 of this Agreement and that monetary damages would be inadequate to compensate the Company for
such breach. Accordingly, Executive agrees that, in the event of a breach by Executive of any of Executives obligations under
Sections 8, 9, or 10 of this Agreement, the Company will be entitled to obtain from any court of competent jurisdiction preliminary and
permanent injunctive relief in order to prevent or to restrain any such breach, without the need for posting bond or other security.

12. Cooperation.
Upon the receipt of reasonable notice from the Company (including its outside counsel), Executive agrees that while employed by,
or providing services to, the Company and thereafter, Executive will respond and provide information with regard to matters in which
the Executive has knowledge as a result of the Executives employment or service with the Company, and will, at the Companys
sole expense, provide reasonable assistance to the Company, its affiliates and their respective representatives in defense of all claims
that may be made against the Company (but excluding claims by Executive), and will assist the Company in the prosecution of all claims
that may be made by the Company or its affiliates, to the extent that such claims may relate to the period of the Executives employment
or service with the Company. Following the Term, the Company will reasonably cooperate with Executive regarding the scheduling of such
instances of cooperation under this Section 12, taking into account Executives professional and personal commitments. Executive
agrees to promptly inform the Company if Executive becomes aware of any lawsuit involving such claims that is likely to be filed or threatened
against the Company. Executive also agrees to promptly inform the Company (to the extent that Executive is legally permitted to do so)
if Executive is asked to assist in any investigation of the Company (or its actions), regardless of whether a lawsuit or other proceeding
has then been filed against the Company with respect to such investigation, and will not do so unless legally required. Upon presentation
of appropriate documentation, the Company will reimburse Executive for any reasonable expenses Executive incurs in connection with Executives
cooperation under this provision.

- 15 -

13. Indemnification.
The Company will indemnify Executive and hold Executive harmless in connection with the defense of any lawsuit or other claim, but
excluding claims arising out of Executives willful misconduct, to which he is made a party by reason of being an officer, director
or employee of the Company, to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware, as in effect at the time of the subject
act or omission. The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain directors and officers liability insurance
for acts and omissions occurring during Executives employment with the Company, in amounts and on terms reasonable and customary
for similarly situated companies, and Executive will be covered by such insurance on the same basis as other executive officers of the
Company.

14. Certain
Tax Matters.

(a) Application
of Section 409A of the Code. The parties intend that this Agreement and the payments made hereunder will be exempt from, or comply
with, the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the regulations and other guidance thereunder and any state law of similar effect
(collectively Section 409A), and this Agreement will be interpreted and applied to the greatest extent possible
in a manner that is consistent with the requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties under Section 409A. In no event, however, will the
Company be liable for any additional tax, interest, or penalty that may be imposed on Executive by Section 409A or damages for failing
to comply with Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, any payments and benefits provided under Section
6 above that constitute deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A will not commence in connection with Executives
termination of employment unless and until Executive has also incurred a separation from service (as such term is defined
in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h)), unless the Company reasonably determines that such amounts may be provided to Executive
without causing Executive to incur the additional 20% tax under Section 409A. The parties intend that each installment of the Separation
Benefits or the CIC Separation Benefits, as applicable, is a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A. For the avoidance
of doubt, the parties intend that the Separation Benefits or the CIC Separation Benefits, as applicable, satisfy, to the greatest extent
possible, the exemptions from the application of Section 409A provided under Treasury Regulation Sections 1.409A-1(b)(4) and 1.409A-1(b)(9).
However, if the Company determines that the Separation Benefits or the CIC Separation Benefits, as applicable, constitute deferred
compensation under Section 409A and Executive is, as of the separation from service, a specified employee of the
Company or any successor entity thereto, as such term is defined in Section 409A, then, solely to the extent necessary to avoid the incurrence
of the adverse personal tax consequences under Section 409A, the timing of the payment of the Separation Benefits or the CIC Separation
Benefits, as applicable, will be delayed until the earlier to occur of: (i) the date that is six months and one day after Executives
separation from service, or (ii) the date of Executives death (such applicable date, the Specified Employee Initial
Payment Date), and the Company (or the successor entity thereto, as applicable) will (A) pay to Executive a lump sum amount
equal to the sum of the Separation Benefits payments or the CIC Separation Benefits payments, as applicable, that Executive would otherwise
have received through the Specified Employee Initial Payment Date if the commencement of the payment of the Separation Benefits or the
CIC Separation Benefits, as applicable, had not been so delayed pursuant to this Section, and (B) commence paying the balance of the
Separation Benefits or the CIC Separation Benefits, as applicable, in accordance with the applicable payment schedules set forth in this
Agreement.

- 16 -

(b) Application
of Section 280G of the Code. If any payment, benefit or distribution of any type to or for the benefit of Executive, whether paid
or payable, provided or to be provided, or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise (collectively,
the Parachute Payments) would subject the Executive to the excise tax imposed under Section 4999 of the Code (the
Excise Tax), the Parachute Payments will be reduced so that the maximum amount of the Parachute Payments (after
reduction) will be $1.00 less than the amount which would cause the Parachute Payments to be subject to the Excise Tax; provided that
the Parachute Payments will only be reduced to the extent the after-tax value of amounts received by the Executive after application
of the above reduction would exceed the after-tax value of the amounts received without application of such reduction. For this purpose,
the after-tax value of an amount will be determined taking into account all federal, state, and local income, employment and excise taxes
applicable to such amount. If a reduction the Parachute Payments as described in this Section is necessary, the Company will reduce or
eliminate the Parachute Payments by first reducing or eliminating any cash payments (with the payments to be made furthest in the future
being reduced first), then by reducing or eliminating accelerated vesting of stock options or similar awards, and then by reducing or
eliminating any other remaining Parachute Payments; provided, that no such reduction or elimination will apply to any non-qualified deferred
compensation amounts (within the meaning of Section 409A) to the extent such reduction or elimination would accelerate or defer the timing
of such payment in manner that does not comply with Section 409A. The determination as to whether (x) any of the Parachute Payments received
by the Executive in connection with the occurrence of a change in the ownership or control of the Company or in the ownership of a substantial
portion of the assets of the Company will be subject to the Excise Tax, and (y) the amount of any reduction, if any, that may be required
pursuant to the previous paragraph, will be made by an independent accounting firm selected by the Company (the Accounting
Firm) prior to the consummation of such change in the ownership or effective control of the Company or in the ownership of
a substantial portion of the assets of the Company. For purposes of making the calculations required by this Section 14(b), the Accounting
Firm may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable, good faith interpretations
concerning the application of the Code (including but not limited to Sections 280G and 4999). The parties agree to furnish to the Accounting
Firm such information and documents as the Accounting Firm may reasonably request in order to make a determination under this Section
14(b). The Company will bear all costs the Accounting Firm may reasonably incur in connection with any calculations contemplated by this
Section 14(b). Executive will be furnished with notice of all determinations made as to the Excise Tax payable with respect to the Executives
Parachute Payments, together with the related calculations of the Accounting Firm, promptly after such determinations and calculations
have been received by the Company.

15. Miscellaneous.

(a) Entire
Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes
all prior agreements (whether written or oral and whether express or implied) between the parties to the extent related to such subject
matter.

- 17 -

(b) Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors, permitted
assigns and, in the case of Executive, heirs, executors, and/or personal representatives. The Company may freely assign or transfer this
Agreement to an affiliated company or to a successor following a merger, consolidation, sale of assets, or other business transaction.
Executive may not assign, delegate or otherwise transfer any of Executives rights, interests or obligations in this Agreement
without the prior written approval of the Company.

(c) Counterparts;
Electronic Delivery. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original but all
of which together will constitute one instrument reflecting the terms of the Agreement. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile,
electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other
transmission method and any counterpart so delivered will be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective
for all purposes.

(d) Notices.
Any notice pursuant to this Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed effectively given to the other party (i) on the date
it is actually delivered by personal delivery of such notice, (ii) one business day after its deposit in the custody of a reputable overnight
courier service (such as FedEx) next business day delivery charges prepaid; or (iii) three business days after its deposit in the custody
of the U.S. mail, certified or registered postage prepaid, return receipt requested; in each case to the appropriate address shown below
(or to such other address as a party may designate by notice to the other party):

If to Executive: Michael J. Roberts

If to Company: Adaptin Bio, Inc.

3540 Toringdon Way, Suite 200 #250

Charlotte, North Carolina 28277

Attention: Board of Directors

(e) Amendments
and Waivers. No amendment of any provision of this Agreement will be valid unless the amendment is in writing and signed by the Company
and Executive. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement will be valid unless the waiver is in writing and signed by the waiving party.
The failure of a party at any time to require performance of any provision of this Agreement will not affect such partys rights
at a later time to enforce such provision. No waiver by a party of any breach of this Agreement will be deemed to extend to any other
breach hereunder or affect in any way any rights arising by virtue of any other breach.

(f) Severability.
Each provision of this Agreement is severable from every other provision of this Agreement. Any provision of this Agreement that
is determined by any court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable will not affect the validity or enforceability of
any other provision. Any provision of this Agreement held invalid or unenforceable only in part or degree will remain in full force and
effect to the extent not held invalid or unenforceable.

- 18 -

(g) Construction.
The section headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and are not intended to affect the interpretation of this
Agreement. The word including in this Agreement means including without limitation. This Agreement will be
construed as if drafted jointly by the Company and Executive and no presumption or burden of proof will arise favoring or disfavoring
the Company or Executive by virtue of the authorship of any provision in this Agreement. All words in this Agreement will be construed
to be of such gender or number as the circumstances require.

(h) Survival.
This Agreement, and all obligations of the Company and Executive hereunder, will terminate upon the termination of Executives
employment, with the following exceptions: (i) Executives continuing obligations under Sections 6, 8, 9, 10, 12, and 14; (ii)
the Companys obligations under Section 6 (subject to Executives obligations thereunder); (c) Executives right to
indemnification under Section 13; and (d) the relevant provisions of Sections 11 and 15.

(i) Remedies
Cumulative. The rights and remedies of the parties under this Agreement are cumulative (not alternative) and in addition to all other
rights and remedies available to such parties at law, in equity, by contract or otherwise.

(j) Governing
Law. This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of North Carolina without regard to principles of choice or conflict
of laws (whether of the State of North Carolina or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction
other than the State of North Carolina.

(k) Venue.
The parties agree that any litigation arising out of or related to this Agreement or Executives employment by Company will
be brought exclusively in any state or federal court in Mecklenburg County, North Carolina. Each party (i) consents to the personal jurisdiction
of said courts, (ii) waives any venue or inconvenient forum defense to any proceeding maintained in such courts, and (iii) except as
expressly provided above, agrees not to bring any proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or Executives employment
by Company in any other court.

(l) Legal
Counsel. This Agreement was prepared by Wyrick Robbins Yates & Ponton LLP in its capacity as legal counsel to the Company. Both
Parties acknowledge that they have had the opportunity to seek and obtain the advice of counsel before entering into this Agreement and
have done so to the extent desired, and have fully read the Agreement and understand the meaning and import of all the terms hereof.

[Signature
Page Immediately Follows]

- 19 -

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the date first written above.

EXECUTIVE: COMPANY:

Adaptin Bio, Inc.

/s/ Michael J. Roberts By: /s/ Simon Pedder

Michael J. Roberts Name: Simon Pedder

Title: Executive Chairman and Director

[Signature Page to Executive Employment Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.12
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>ea023016901ex10-12_adaptin.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND TIMOTHY L. MANESS, DATED FEBRUARY 11, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.12

EXECUTIVE
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This
Executive Employment Agreement (this Agreement) is entered into as of February 11, 2025, by and between Adaptin
Bio, Inc. (f/k/a Unite Acquisition 1 Corp.), a Delaware corporation (the Company),
and Timothy L. Maness (the Executive).

WHEREAS,
in connection with, and conditioned upon the completion of, the merger (the Merger) between the wholly-owned subsidiary
of Unite Acquisition 1 Corp. and private company Adaptin Bio, Inc. (Adaptin), the Company wishes to employ Executive
as its Chief Financial Officer, and Executive wishes to accept such employment, on the terms set forth in this Agreement;

WHEREAS
Executive acknowledges and agrees that through Executives association with Adaptin as an employee, Executive will acquire a considerable
amount of knowledge and goodwill with respect to the business of the Company, which knowledge and goodwill are highly valuable to the
Company and which would be detrimental to the Company if used by Executive to compete with the Company; and

WHEREAS
the Company wishes to protect its investment in its business, employees, customer relationships, and confidential information, by requiring
Executive to abide by certain restrictive covenants regarding confidentiality, non-competition, and non-solicitation, each of which is
an inducement to the Company to enter into this Agreement;

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, the mutual agreements contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

1.
Employment. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company hereby employs Executive, and Executive accepts such
employment. The employment relationship hereunder will be for the period commencing on the closing of the Merger (such date, the Effective
Date) and will continue for a term of two years (the Initial Term) unless terminated sooner in accordance
with Section 5 below. After the Initial Term expires, this Agreement will automatically renew for successive one-year terms (subject,
in any event, to termination in accordance with Section 5 below), unless either party provides written notice of its intent not to renew
the Agreement at least 90 days prior to the expiration of the then-current term. The period from the Effective Date through the date
of the termination of Executives employment hereunder is referred to herein as the Term.

2.
Position and Duties.

(a)
Position. Executive will serve as the Companys Chief Financial Officer, reporting to the Companys Chief Executive Officer
(the CEO). Executive will perform such services for the Company and have such powers, responsibilities and authority
as are customarily associated with the position of Chief Financial Officer in similar companies, and will perform such additional duties
as may otherwise be reasonably assigned to Executive from time to time by the CEO.

- 1 -

(b)
Part-Time Employment. Executive will devote approximately 80% of Executives business time, attention, and efforts to the affairs
of the Company and to the duties hereunder, and will perform such duties diligently and to the best of Executives ability, in
compliance with the Companys policies and procedures and the laws and regulations that apply to the Companys business.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive may (i) participate in charitable, civic, educational, professional, community or industry affairs,
and (ii) manage Executives passive personal investments, so long as, in each case, such activities individually or in the aggregate
do not materially interfere or conflict with the Executives duties hereunder or create a potential business or fiduciary conflict
(in each case, as determined by the Companys Board of Directors (the Board)).

(c)
Principal Work Location. Executives principal workplace for the performance of his duties under this Agreement will be at
the Companys headquarters or the Executives residence. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive will be required to
travel as necessary to perform his duties hereunder.

3.
Compensation and Benefits. As compensation for the services to be rendered by Executive under this Agreement, the Company will provide
the following compensation and benefits during Executives employment hereunder.

(a)
Base Salary. During the Term, the Company will pay Executive a base salary at an annual rate of $240,000 (the Base Salary).
The Base Salary will be payable in equal installments in accordance with the Companys payroll practices as in effect from time
to time. The Base Salary will be reviewed by the Board from time to time, and may be increased in the sole discretion of the Board. Executives
salary may not be reduced except in connection with an across-the-board reduction of executive level salaries in which Executive will
not be subject to a greater reduction, on a percentage basis, than any other executive-level employee.

(b)
Bonus Opportunity. For each calendar year ending during the Term, Executive will be eligible to receive an annual bonus (the Annual
Bonus) with a target amount of 30% of Executives Base Salary. The actual amount of each Annual Bonus will be based
upon the level of achievement of the Companys corporate objectives and the Executives individual objectives, in each case,
as established by the Board for the calendar year with respect to which such Annual Bonus relates. The determination of the level of
achievement of the corporate objectives and the Executives individual performance objectives for a year will be made by the Board
in its reasonable discretion. The Annual Bonus for a calendar year, to the extent earned, will be paid in a lump sum in the following
calendar year. The Annual Bonus will not be deemed earned until the date that it is paid. Accordingly, in order for the Executive to
receive an Annual Bonus, the Executive must be actively employed by the Company at the time of such payment.

- 2 -

(c)
Equity Compensation. 

(i)
Subject to approval by the Board and subject to the terms of the Companys equity incentive plan then in place, in the event
the Company issues additional securities raising aggregate funds of $10,000,000 (in one or more transactions), occurring, if at all,
within two years following the Merger (the Additional Financing Period), the Company will grant Executive options
to purchase a number of shares of common stock of the Company (the Anti-Dilution Options) sufficient to ensure that
Executives ownership immediately following the Additional Financing Period, on a fully diluted basis and assuming the exercise
of all outstanding options (whether or not then exercisable) is equal to Executives ownership immediately following the Merger,
as determined on a fully diluted basis and assuming the exercise of all outstanding options (whether or not then exercisable). The per
share exercise price of the Anti-Dilution Options will be equal to the fair market value of a share of the Companys common stock
on the date of grant, as determined by the Board. The Anti-Dilution Options, if any, will become exercisable in four equal annual installments,
in each case subject to Executives continued employment with the Company on the date each such vesting milestone is achieved.
The Anti-Dilution Options will be subject to the terms of the Companys equity incentive plan then in place and a related option
grant agreement to be entered between Executive and the Company.

(ii)
During the Term, Executive will be eligible to receive from time to time such equity grants or awards, if any, pursuant to the terms
of any equity incentive plan of the Company (or any successor plan as may be in place from time to time) as may be approved by the Board
in its discretion. Such grants or awards will be subject to the terms and conditions of such plan (or any successor plan) and such other
terms and conditions as the Board in its discretion may establish.

(d)
Paid Vacation. Executive will be entitled to paid vacation days in accordance with the Companys vacation policies in effect
from time to time for its executive team; provided, however that the Executive will be entitled to no less than 20 paid vacation days
per calendar year during the Term.

(e)
General Benefits. Executive will be entitled to such other benefits, and to participate in such benefit plans, as are generally made
available to similarly situated senior executive employees of the Company from time to time, subject to Company policy and the terms
and conditions of any applicable benefit plans. Nothing in this Agreement will be deemed to alter the Companys rights to modify
or terminate any such plans or programs in its sole discretion.

(f)
Withholdings. The Company will withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement such federal, state, and local taxes as the
Company determines are required to be withheld pursuant to applicable law.

(g)
Recoupment of Compensation. Any incentive-based or other compensation paid to Executive under this Agreement or any other agreement
or arrangement with the Company which is subject to recovery under any law, government regulation, stock exchange listing requirement
or any compensation recovery or clawback policy adopted by the Company from time to time will be subject to reduction, cancellation,
forfeiture or recoupment as may be required by such law, government regulation, stock exchange listing requirement or policy. In addition,
if Executive is or becomes an executive officer subject to the incentive compensation repayment requirements of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street
Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act), then if required by the Dodd-Frank Act or any of its regulations
Executive will enter into an amendment to this Agreement or a separate written agreement with the Company to comply with the Dodd-Frank
Act and any of its regulations.

- 3 -

4.
Reimbursement of Expenses. The Company will reimburse Executive for all reasonable business expenses incurred by Executive in connection
with the performance of Executives duties hereunder, subject to Executives compliance with the Companys reimbursement
policies in effect from time to time.

5.
Termination. This Agreement, and Executives employment hereunder, are subject to termination as follows.

(a)
Death. Automatically effective upon Executives death.

(b)
Disability. By the Company upon notice to Executive in the event of Executives Disability. As used herein, Disability
means the inability of Executive, due to the condition of Executives physical, mental or emotional health, effectively to perform
the essential functions of Executives job with or without reasonable accommodation for a continuous period of at least 90 consecutive
days or for 120 days in any period of 12 consecutive months, as determined by the Board in good faith. In any event, the Company will
comply fully with the applicable provisions of the Americans with Disabilities Act, as amended, the Family and Medical Leave Act, and
any similar applicable law. For purposes of making a determination as to whether a Disability exists, at the Companys request
Executive agrees to make himself available and to cooperate in a reasonable examination by a reputable independent physician retained
by the Company and to authorize the disclosure and release to the Company of all medical records related to such examination.

(c)
For Cause. By the Company effective upon written notice to Executive for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause
means: (i) Executives fraud, embezzlement or misappropriation with respect to the Company; (ii) Executives willful or grossly
negligent misconduct that has or may reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the property, business, or reputation
of the Company; (iii) Executives material breach of this Agreement; (iv) Executives willful failure or refusal to perform
Executives material duties under this Agreement or willful failure to follow any specific lawful instructions of the CEO; (v)
Executives conviction or plea of nolo contendere in respect of a felony or of a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude; or (vi)
Executives material failure to comply with the Companys workplace rules, policies, or procedures. In the event that the
Company concludes that Executive has engaged in acts constituting in Cause as defined in clause (iii) or (iv) above, prior to terminating
this Agreement for Cause the Company will provide Executive with at least 15 days advance notice of the circumstances constituting
such Cause, and an opportunity to correct such circumstances, to the extent such circumstances are susceptible of being corrected.

(d)
Without Cause. By the Company effective upon written notice to Executive at any time for any reason other than for Cause or Executives
Disability.

- 4 -

(e)
Resignation for Good Reason. Executive may resign his employment for Good Reason by complying with the Good Reason Procedure as described
herein. The Good Reason Procedure means (i) Executive reasonably determines in good faith that a Good Reason condition
has occurred; (ii) Executive notifies the Company in writing of the first occurrence of the Good Reason condition within 60 days of the
first occurrence of such condition; (iii) Executive cooperates in good faith with the Companys efforts, for a period not less
than 30 days following such notice (the Good Reason Cure Period), to remedy the condition; (iv) notwithstanding
such efforts, the Good Reason condition continues to exist; and (v) Executive terminates Executives employment within 60 days
after the end of the Good Reason Cure Period. If the Company cures the Good Reason condition during the Good Reason Cure Period, Good
Reason will be deemed not to have occurred. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason means the occurrence of
any of the following events without Executives written consent: (i) the Companys requiring Executive to be based at any
office or location more than 25 miles from his principal work location as of the Effective Date, except for travel reasonably required
in the performance of Executives responsibilities to the Company; (ii) a material reduction of Executives Base Salary not
in compliance with Section 3(a) above; (iii) a material diminution of the Executives authority, duties, or responsibilities; or
(iv) the Companys material breach of this Agreement.

(f)
Other Resignation. By Executive effective upon 30 days written notice to the Company at any time for any reason.

(g)
Employment During Notice Periods. During any notice period under Sections 5(c), 5(e), or 5(f) the Company may, in its sole discretion,
relieve Executive of some or all of his duties during the notice period, but the Company will continue to provide Executive with all
required salary and benefits during such period.

6.
Effect of Termination.

(a)
Generally. When Executives employment with the Company is terminated for any reason, Executive, or Executives estate,
as the case may be, will be entitled to receive the compensation and benefits earned through the effective date of termination, along
with reimbursement for any unreimbursed business expenses incurred through the date of termination that Executive has timely submitted
(or does timely submit) for reimbursement in accordance with the Companys expense reimbursement policy or practice.

(b)
Resignation from Positions. Immediately upon the termination of Executives employment with the Company for any reason, Executive
will be deemed to have resigned from all positions as an officer or director of the Company, along with any other positions he may hold
with or for the benefit of the Company and/or its affiliates. In furtherance of the preceding sentence, Executive will execute and return
to the Company all letters and documents that the Company may reasonably require in order to evidence such resignation(s), but Executives
failure to execute and return such documents will not have the effect of delaying or in any way invalidating the resignation(s) provided
for by the preceding sentence.

- 5 -

(c)
Separation Benefits upon Certain Terminations not in Connection with a Change in Control. If the Company terminates Executives
employment without Cause pursuant to Section 5(d), or if Executive resigns for Good Reason pursuant to Section 5(e), then conditioned
upon Executive executing and not revoking a Release (as described below) following such termination, the Company will provide Executive
with the following benefits (together, the Separation Benefits):

(i)
the Company will pay Executive an amount of severance equal to 12 months of Executives then-current Base Salary, such amounts
payable to Executive over time in accordance with the Companys payroll practices and procedures beginning on the 60th day following
the termination of Executives employment with the Company, provided that the first installment will include all amounts that would
have been paid if such payments had commenced effective on the date of termination; and

(ii)
if Executive timely elects continued health insurance coverage pursuant to COBRA, the Company will contribute toward the premium
necessary to continue such coverage for Executive and Executives family at the same rate as the Company had contributed for such
coverage as of the date of termination, for the same period over which severance is paid or until Executive becomes eligible for group
health insurance coverage under another employers plan, whichever occurs first, provided however, that the Company will have the
right to terminate such payment of COBRA premiums on behalf of Executive and instead pay Executive a lump sum amount equal to the COBRA
premium times the number of months remaining in the specified period if the Company determines in its discretion that continued payment
of the COBRA premiums is or may be discriminatory under Section 105(h) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code).

(d)
Separation Benefits upon Certain Terminations in Connection with a Change in Control. If the Company terminates Executives
employment without Cause pursuant to Section 5(d), or if Executive resigns for Good Reason pursuant to Section 5(e), in either case at
the time of, or within six months following, a Change in Control (as defined below) then conditioned upon Executive executing and not
revoking a Release (as described below) following such termination, the Company will provide Executive with the following benefits (together,
the CIC Separation Benefits):

(i)
the Company will pay Executive an amount of severance equal to 12 months of Executives then-current Base Salary, such amounts
payable to Executive over time in accordance with the Companys payroll practices and procedures beginning on the 60th day following
the termination of Executives employment with the Company, provided that the first installment will include all amounts that would
have been paid if such payments had commenced effective on the date of termination;

(ii)
the vesting of all stock options, restricted stock units, and other equity awards will be accelerated such that all such awards are
deemed to have been vested as of the date of termination; and

(iii)
if Executive timely elects continued health insurance coverage pursuant to COBRA, the Company will contribute toward the premium
necessary to continue such coverage for Executive and Executives family at the same rate as the Company had contributed for such
coverage as of the date of termination, for the same period over which severance is paid or until Executive becomes eligible for group
health insurance coverage under another employers plan, whichever occurs first, provided however, that the Company will have the
right to terminate such payment of COBRA premiums on behalf of Executive and instead pay Executive a lump sum amount equal to the COBRA
premium times the number of months remaining in the specified period if the Company determines in its discretion that continued payment
of the COBRA premiums is or may be discriminatory under Section 105(h) of the Code.

- 6 -

(e)
Change in Control Defined. As used in this Agreement, the term Change in Control means the occurrence of any
one of the following events:

(i)
any person, including a group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), but excluding the Company, any entity controlling, controlled by or
under common control with the Company, any trustee, fiduciary or other person or entity holding securities under any employee benefit
plan or trust of the Company or any such entity, and, with respect to any particular qualified participant of any equity incentive plan
of the Company (a Participant), the Participant and any group (as such term is used in Section 13(d)(3)
of the Exchange Act) of which the Participant is a member), is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13(d)(3)
under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 50% or more of either (A) the combined voting
power of the Companys then outstanding securities; or (B) the Companys then outstanding equity securities (in either such
case other than as a result of an acquisition of securities directly from the Company);

(ii)
any consolidation or merger of the Company where the stockholders of the Company, immediately prior to the consolidation or merger,
would not, immediately after the consolidation or merger, beneficially own (as such term is defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange
Act), directly or indirectly, equity securities representing in the aggregate 50% or more of the combined voting power of the securities
of the entity issuing cash or securities in the consolidation or merger (or of its ultimate parent entity, if any);

(iii)
any sale, lease, exclusive license, exchange or other transfer (in one transaction or a series of transactions contemplated or arranged
by any party as a single plan) of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, other than a sale or disposition by the Company
of all or substantially all of the Companys assets to an entity, at least 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities
of which are owned by persons (as defined above) in substantially the same proportion as their ownership of the Company
immediately prior to such sale; or

(iv)
the members of the Board at the beginning of any consecutive 24-calendar-month period (the Incumbent Directors)
cease for any reason other than due to death to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board; provided that any director
whose election, or nomination for election by the Companys stockholders, was approved or ratified by a vote of at least a majority
of the members of the Board then still in office who were members of the Board at the beginning of such 24-calendar-month period, will
be deemed to be an Incumbent Director.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, no event or condition will constitute a Change in Control to the extent that, if it were, a penalty tax would be imposed
under Section 409A; provided that, in such a case, the event or condition will continue to constitute a Change in Control to the maximum
extent possible (e.g., if applicable, in respect of vesting without an acceleration of distribution) without causing the imposition of
such penalty tax.

- 7 -

(f)
Release. The Companys obligation to provide the Separation Benefits or the CIC Separation Benefits, as applicable, is conditioned
upon Executive executing and returning a release of claims in a form acceptable to the Company (the Release) within
the time specified therein, which Release is not revoked within any time period allowed for revocation under applicable law.

(g)
Post-Termination Breach. If Executive is entitled to receive the Separation Benefits or the CIC Separation Benefits but violates
any provisions of Sections 8 through 10 hereof after termination of employment, the Company will be entitled to immediately stop paying
any further installments of the Separation Benefits or the CIC Separation Benefits as applicable, in addition to any other remedies that
may be available to the Company in law or at equity.

(h)
No Further Obligations. Except as expressly provided above or as otherwise required by law, the Company will have no obligations
to Executive in the event of the termination of this Agreement for any reason. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event will Executive
be entitled to benefits under both Section 6(c) and 6(d).

7.
Representations of Executive. Executive represents and warrants that he is not obligated or restricted under any agreement (including
any non-competition or confidentiality agreement), judgment, decree, order or other restraint of any kind that could impair Executives
ability to perform the duties and obligations required hereunder. Executive further agrees that Executive will not divulge to the Company
any confidential information and/or trade secrets belonging to others, including Executives former employers. Consistent with
the foregoing, Executive will not provide to the Company any documents or copies of documents containing such information.

8.
Confidential Information.

(a)
Executive acknowledges that the Company has and will give Executive access to certain highly-sensitive, confidential, and proprietary
information belonging to the Company (or third parties who may have furnished such information under obligations of confidentiality),
relating to and used in the Companys business (collectively, Confidential Information). Executive acknowledges
that Confidential Information includes, but is not limited to, the following categories of Company related confidential or proprietary
information and material: financial statements and information; budgets, forecasts, and projections; business and strategic plans; marketing,
sales, and business development strategies; research and development projects; records relating to any intellectual property developed
by, owned by, controlled, or maintained by the Company; information related to the Companys inventions, research, products, designs,
methods, formulae, techniques, systems, processes; customer lists; non-public information relating to the Companys customers,
suppliers, distributors, or investors; the specific terms of the Companys agreements or arrangements, whether oral or written,
with any customer, supplier, vendor, or contractor with which the Company may be associated from time to time; and any and all information
relating to the operation of the Companys business which the Company may from time to time designate as confidential or proprietary
or that Executive reasonably knows should be, or has been, treated by the Company as confidential or proprietary. Executive further understands
that Company will receive confidential business information from third parties, including but not limited to the Companys clients
(the Third Party Information), under a duty to maintain the confidentiality of such Third Party Information and
to use it only for limited purposes. Confidential Information and Third Party Information encompass all formats in which information
is preserved, whether electronic, print, or any other form, including all originals, copies, notes, or other reproductions or replicas
thereof.

- 8 -

(b)
Confidential Information does not include any information that: (i) at the time of disclosure is generally known to, or readily ascertainable
by, the public; (ii) becomes known to the public through no fault of Executive or other violation of this Agreement; or (iii) is disclosed
to Executive by a third party under no obligation to maintain the confidentiality of the information.

(c)
Executive acknowledges that the Confidential Information is owned or licensed by the Company (and Third Party Information is possessed
by the Company with the permission of its owner); is unique, valuable, proprietary and confidential; derives independent actual or potential
commercial value from not being generally known or available to the public; and is subject to reasonable efforts to maintain its secrecy.
Executive hereby relinquishes and agrees that Executive will not at any time claim, any right, title or interest of any kind in or to
any Confidential Information or Third Party Information.

(d)
During and after Executives employment with the Company, Executive will hold in trust and confidence all Confidential Information
and Third Party Information, and will not disclose any Confidential Information or Third Party Information to any person or entity, except
in the course of performing duties assigned by the Company or as authorized in writing by the Company. Executive further agrees that
during and after Executives employment with the Company, Executive will not use any Confidential Information or Third Party Information
for any purpose, except in the course of performing duties assigned by the Company or as authorized in writing by the Company.

(e)
Notwithstanding the covenants contained in Section 8(d) above, Executive may disclose Confidential Information or Third Party Information
solely to the extent that Executive is required to do so by law, provided that Executive (i) notifies the Company of the existence and
terms of such obligation, (ii) gives the Company a reasonable opportunity to seek a protective or similar order to prevent or limit such
disclosure, and (iii) only discloses that information actually required to be disclosed.

(f)
Nothing in this Agreement is intended to or will prohibit Executive from communicating with any governmental authority, or making
a report in good faith and with a reasonable belief of any violations of law or regulation to a governmental authority, or from filing,
testifying or participating in a legal proceeding relating to such violations, including making disclosures protected or required by
any whistleblower law or regulation to the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Department of Labor, or any other appropriate government
authority charged with the enforcement of any applicable laws. In addition, nothing in this Agreement is intended to or will limit any
employees right to discuss the terms, wages, and working conditions of their employment, as protected by applicable law. Pursuant
to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, Executive is hereby notified that an individual will not be held criminally or civilly liable
under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (i) is made (A) in confidence to a federal, state
or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (B) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating
a suspected violation of law; or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing
is made under seal. An individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose
the trade secret to his or her attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual files any document
containing the trade secret under seal, and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order.

- 9 -

(g)
Return of Property. Upon request during employment and immediately at the termination of Executives employment, Executive
will return to the Company all Confidential Information and Third Party Information in any form (including all copies and reproductions
thereof) and all other property whatsoever of the Company in Executives possession or under Executives control. If requested
by the Company, Executive will certify in writing that all such materials have been returned to the Company. Upon request by the Company,
Executive will cooperate with the Company in transferring all logins, passwords, and other access information for accounts and systems
previously used by Executive in connection with her employment with the Company. Executive also expressly agrees that immediately upon
the termination of Executives employment with the Company for any reason, Executive will cease using any secure website, computer
systems, e-mail system, or phone system or voicemail service provided by the Company for the use of its employees.

9.
Assignment of Inventions.

(a)
Executive agrees that all developments or inventions (including without limitation any and all software programs (source and object
code), algorithms and applications, concepts, designs, discoveries, improvements, processes, techniques, know-how and data) that are
initiated, conceived, discovered, reduced to practice, or made by Executive, either alone or in conjunction with others, during the Term
and relate to or result from the Executives work for the Company or which relate directly to the Companys businesses, whether
or not patentable or registrable under copyright or similar statutes or subject to analogous protection (Inventions),
will be the sole and exclusive property of the Company or its nominees. Executive will and hereby does assign to the Company all rights
in and to such Inventions upon the creation of any such Invention, including, without limitation: (i) patents, patent applications
and patent rights throughout the world; (ii) rights associated with works of authorship throughout the world, including copyrights, copyright
applications, copyright registrations, mask work rights, mask work applications and mask work registrations; (iii) rights relating to
the protection of trade secrets and confidential information throughout the world; (iv) rights analogous to those set forth herein and
any other proprietary rights relating to intangible property; and (v) divisions, continuations, renewals, reissues and extensions of
the foregoing (as applicable), now existing or hereafter filed, issued or acquired (collectively, the IP Rights).

(b)
For avoidance of doubt, if any Invention falls within the definition of work made for hire as such term is defined
in 17 U.S.C. 101, such Invention(s) will be considered work made for hire and the copyright of such Invention(s)
will be owned solely and exclusively by the Company. If any Invention does not fall within such definition of work made for hire
then Executives right, title and interest in and to such Invention(s) will be assigned to the Company pursuant to Section 9(a)
above.

- 10 -

(c)
The Company and its nominees will have the right to use and/or to apply for statutory or common law protections for such Inventions
in any and all countries. Executive further agrees, at the Companys expense, to: (i) reasonably assist the Company in obtaining
and from time to time enforcing such IP Rights relating to Inventions, and (ii) execute and deliver to the Company or its nominee upon
reasonable request all such documents as the Company or its nominee may reasonably determine are necessary or appropriate to effect the
purposes of this Section 9, including assignments of inventions. Such documents may be necessary to: (1) vest in the Company or its nominee
clear and marketable title in and to Inventions; (2) apply for, prosecute and obtain patents, copyrights, mask works rights and other
rights and protections relating to Inventions; or (3) enforce patents, copyrights, mask works rights and other rights and protections
relating to Inventions. Executives obligations pursuant to this Section 9 will continue beyond the termination of Executives
employment with the Company. Executive hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the Company and its then-current Chief Executive Officer
as Executives agent and attorney-in-fact to act for and in behalf and instead of Executive, to execute and file any such application
and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution and issuance of patents, trademarks, copyrights or other rights
thereon with the same legal force and effect as if executed by Executive, if the Company is unable after reasonable effort to secure
Executives signature to any lawful and necessary document required to apply for or execute any patent, trademark, copyright or
other applications with respect to any Inventions (including renewals, extensions, continuations, divisions or continuations in part
thereof).

(d)
The obligations of Executive under Section 9(a) above will not apply to any Invention that Executive developed or conceived prior
to the Effective Date or entirely on Executives own time after the Effective Date without using the Companys equipment,
supplies, facility or trade secret information, except for those Inventions that (i) relate directly to the Companys business
or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development or (ii) result from any work performed by Executive for Company. Executive
will bear the burden of proof in establishing the applicability of this subsection to a particular circumstance.

10.
Restrictive Covenants.

(a)
Purpose. Executive understands and agrees that the purpose of this Section 10 is solely to protect the Companys legitimate
business interests, including, but not limited to its confidential and proprietary information, customer relationships and goodwill,
and the Companys competitive advantage, and will not unduly impair Executives ability or right to work or earn a living.
Therefore, Executive agrees to be subject to restrictive covenants under the following terms.

(b)
Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings given to such terms below.

(i)
Business means (A) the development or commercialization of treatments for diseases of the central nervous system,
including cancers, and (B) the business(es) in which the Company was actively engaged at the time of, or during the 12-month period immediately
preceding the Termination Date, provided that this clause (B) will only apply if Executive is involved with such other business.

- 11 -

(ii)
Company Employee means any person who is or was an employee or independent contractor of the Company at the
time of, or during the 12-month period immediately preceding, (A) the conduct in question, if such conduct occurs prior to the Termination
Date, or (B) the Termination Date, if the conduct in question occurs on or after the Termination Date.

(iii)
Customer means any person or entity who is or was a customer or client of the Company at the time of, or during
the 12-month period immediately preceding, (A) the conduct in question, if such conduct occurs prior to the Termination Date, or (B)
the Termination Date, if the conduct in question occurs on or after the Termination Date, and in either case with whom Executive had
dealings on behalf of the Company in the course of his employment with the Company during such period, or about whom Executive learned
or received confidential and proprietary information in the course of his employment with Company during such period.

(iv)
Prospective Customer means any person or entity to whom, within the 12 months immediately prior to the Termination
Date the Company had submitted a proposal for products or services of which Executive has knowledge, provided that Executive has had
material business contacts with such person or entity on behalf of the Company during such 12-month period, whether such contact was
initiated by the person or entity or by Executive.

(v)
Restricted Period means the period commencing on the Termination Date and ending 12 months after such date,
provided, however, that this period will not run during any time Executive is in violation of this Section 10, it being the intent of
the parties that the Restricted Period will be extended for any period of time in which Executive is in violation of this Section 10.

(vi)
Restricted Territory means the United States of America, it being understood that the Companys business
is nationwide in scope. In the event that the preceding definition of Restricted Territory is deemed by a court of competent jurisdiction
to be too broad to be enforced under the circumstances, then Restricted Territory will mean the following severable and
distinct territories:

(A)
the State of North Carolina;

(B)
each state, province, or similar political subdivision in which the Company engaged in material business at the time of, or during
the 12-month period immediately prior to, (y) the conduct in question, if such conduct occurs prior to the Termination Date, or (z) the
Termination Date, if the conduct in question occurs on or after the Termination Date;

(C)
each city, county, township, or similar political subdivision in which the Company engaged in material business at the time of, or
during the 12-month period immediately prior to, (y) the conduct in question, if such conduct occurs prior to the Termination Date, or
(z) the Termination Date, if the conduct in question occurs on or after the Termination Date;

- 12 -

(D)
each state, province, or similar political subdivision in which the Company engaged in material business with respect to which Executive
provided material services on behalf of the Company at the time of, or during the 12-month period immediately prior to, (y) the conduct
in question, if such conduct occurs prior to the Termination Date, or (z) the Termination Date, if the conduct in question occurs on
or after the Termination Date; or

(E)
each city, county, township, or similar political subdivision in which the Company engaged in material business with respect to which
Executive provided material services on behalf of the Company at the time of, or during the 12-month period immediately prior to, (y)
the conduct in question, if such conduct occurs prior to the Termination Date, or (z) the Termination Date, if the conduct in question
occurs on or after the Termination Date.

(vii)
Termination Date means the effective date of the termination of Executives employment for any reason.

(c)
Non-Competition. During Executives employment with the Company, Executive will not, on Executives own behalf or on
behalf of any other person, engage in any business competitive with or adverse to that of the Company. In addition, during Executives
employment with the Company and during the Restricted Period, Executive will not hold a position based in or with responsibility for
all or part of the Restricted Territory, with any person or entity engaging in the Business, whether as employee, consultant, or otherwise,
in which Executive will have duties, or will perform or be expected to perform services for such person or entity, that is or are the
same as or substantially similar to the position held by Executive or those duties or services actually performed by Executive for the
Company within the 12-month period immediately preceding (i) the conduct in question, if such conduct occurs prior to the Termination
Date, or (ii) the Termination Date, if the conduct in question occurs on or after the Termination Date, or in which Executive will use
or disclose or be reasonably expected to use or disclose any confidential or proprietary information of the Company for the purpose of
providing, or attempting to provide, such person or entity with a competitive advantage with respect to the Business. The Parties agree
that nothing in this Section 10(c) will prohibit Executive from owning, as a passive investment, not more than 1% of any class of securities
of a business entity which is engaged, directly or indirectly, in a business which competes with the Business, or restrict or limit Executives
ability to work or provide services to a distinct department, division, or other segment of a business entity that does not engage in
the Business, even though other departments, divisions, or segments of the business entity may engage in the Business.

(d)
Non-Solicitation. During Executives employment with the Company and during the Restricted Period, Executive will not, directly
or indirectly, on Executives own behalf or on behalf of any other party:

(i)
Call upon, solicit, divert, encourage or attempt to call upon, solicit, divert, or encourage any Customer or Prospective Customer
for purposes of marketing, selling, or providing products or services to such Customer or Prospective Customer that are competitive with
those offered by the Company;

- 13 -

(ii)
Accept as a customer any Customer or Prospective Customer for purposes of marketing, selling, or providing products or services to
such Customer or Prospective Customer that are competitive with those offered by the Company;

(iii)
Induce, encourage, or attempt to induce or encourage any Customer or Prospective Customer to purchase or accept products or services
that are competitive with those offered by the Company from any person or entity (other than the Company) engaging in the Business;

(iv)
Induce, encourage, or attempt to induce or encourage any Customer to reduce, limit, or cancel its business with the Company;

(v)
Solicit, induce, or attempt to solicit or induce any Company Employee to terminate his or her employment or engagement with the Company;
or

(vi)
Otherwise interfere with or engage in any conduct that would have the effect of interfering with the business relationship between
the Company and any of its vendors, suppliers, consultants, or contractors.

(e)
Reasonableness of Restrictions. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the restrictive covenants in this Agreement (i) are essential
elements of Executives employment by the Company and are reasonable given Executives access to the Companys Confidential
Information and the substantial knowledge and goodwill Executive will acquire with respect to the business of the Company as a result
of Executives employment with the Company, and the unique and extraordinary services to be provided by Executive to the Company;
and (ii) are reasonable in time, territory, and scope, and in all other respects. Provisions in this Section 10 calling for a look
back prior to a given date are intended solely as a means of identifying the individuals, entities, and/or place to which the
restrictions described in this Section 10 apply and are not intended to extend the length of the restrictions. The existence or assertion
of any claim of or by the Executive, whether predicated on this Agreement or otherwise, will not constitute a defense to the enforcement
by the Company of the covenants contained in this Section 10.

(f)
Consideration. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the covenants set forth in this Agreement are supported by adequate consideration,
including, but not limited to the Companys promise to provide the Separation Benefits or the CIC Separation Benefits, as applicable,
and the Companys other promises as described in this Agreement. The Company would not have agreed to enter into this Agreement
but for Executives agreement to the restrictions imposed by this Section 10.

(g)
Judicial Modification. Should any part or provision of this Section 10 be held invalid, void, or unenforceable in any court of competent
jurisdiction, such invalidity, voidness, or unenforceability will not render invalid, void, or unenforceable any other part or provision
of this Agreement. The parties further agree that if any portion of this Section 10 is found to be invalid or unenforceable by a court
of competent jurisdiction because its duration, territory, or other restrictions are deemed to be invalid or unreasonable in scope, the
parties intend that the court will, to the maximum extent permitted by law, replace the invalid or unreasonable terms with terms that
are valid and enforceable and that come closest to expressing the intention of such invalid or unenforceable terms.

- 14 -

11.
Enforcement. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Company will suffer irreparable harm in the event that Executive breaches
any of Executives obligations under Sections 8, 9, or 10 of this Agreement and that monetary damages would be inadequate to compensate
the Company for such breach. Accordingly, Executive agrees that, in the event of a breach by Executive of any of Executives obligations
under Sections 8, 9, or 10 of this Agreement, the Company will be entitled to obtain from any court of competent jurisdiction preliminary
and permanent injunctive relief in order to prevent or to restrain any such breach, without the need for posting bond or other security.

12.
Cooperation. Upon the receipt of reasonable notice from the Company (including its outside counsel), Executive agrees that while
employed by, or providing services to, the Company and thereafter, Executive will respond and provide information with regard to matters
in which the Executive has knowledge as a result of the Executives employment or service with the Company, and will, at the Companys
sole expense, provide reasonable assistance to the Company, its affiliates and their respective representatives in defense of all claims
that may be made against the Company (but excluding claims by Executive), and will assist the Company in the prosecution of all claims
that may be made by the Company or its affiliates, to the extent that such claims may relate to the period of the Executives employment
or service with the Company. Following the Term, the Company will reasonably cooperate with Executive regarding the scheduling of such
instances of cooperation under this Section 12, taking into account Executives professional and personal commitments. Executive
agrees to promptly inform the Company if Executive becomes aware of any lawsuit involving such claims that is likely to be filed or threatened
against the Company. Executive also agrees to promptly inform the Company (to the extent that Executive is legally permitted to do so)
if Executive is asked to assist in any investigation of the Company (or its actions), regardless of whether a lawsuit or other proceeding
has then been filed against the Company with respect to such investigation, and will not do so unless legally required. Upon presentation
of appropriate documentation, the Company will reimburse Executive for any reasonable expenses Executive incurs in connection with Executives
cooperation under this provision.

13.
Indemnification. The Company will indemnify Executive and hold Executive harmless in connection with the defense of any lawsuit or
other claim, but excluding claims arising out of Executives willful misconduct, to which he is made a party by reason of being
an officer, director or employee of the Company, to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware, as in effect at
the time of the subject act or omission. The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain directors and officers
liability insurance for acts and omissions occurring during Executives employment with the Company, in amounts and on terms reasonable
and customary for similarly situated companies, and Executive will be covered by such insurance on the same basis as other executive
officers of the Company.

- 15 -

14.
Certain Tax Matters.

(a)
Application of Section 409A of the Code. The parties intend that this Agreement and the payments made hereunder will be exempt from,
or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the regulations and other guidance thereunder and any state law of similar
effect (collectively Section 409A), and this Agreement will be interpreted and applied to the greatest extent possible
in a manner that is consistent with the requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties under Section 409A. In no event, however, will the
Company be liable for any additional tax, interest, or penalty that may be imposed on Executive by Section 409A or damages for failing
to comply with Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, any payments and benefits provided under Section
6 above that constitute deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A will not commence in connection with Executives
termination of employment unless and until Executive has also incurred a separation from service (as such term is defined
in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h)), unless the Company reasonably determines that such amounts may be provided to Executive
without causing Executive to incur the additional 20% tax under Section 409A. The parties intend that each installment of the Separation
Benefits or the CIC Separation Benefits, as applicable, is a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A. For the avoidance
of doubt, the parties intend that the Separation Benefits or the CIC Separation Benefits, as applicable, satisfy, to the greatest extent
possible, the exemptions from the application of Section 409A provided under Treasury Regulation Sections 1.409A-1(b)(4) and 1.409A-1(b)(9).
However, if the Company determines that the Separation Benefits or the CIC Separation Benefits, as applicable, constitute deferred
compensation under Section 409A and Executive is, as of the separation from service, a specified employee of the
Company or any successor entity thereto, as such term is defined in Section 409A, then, solely to the extent necessary to avoid the incurrence
of the adverse personal tax consequences under Section 409A, the timing of the payment of the Separation Benefits or the CIC Separation
Benefits, as applicable, will be delayed until the earlier to occur of: (i) the date that is six months and one day after Executives
separation from service, or (ii) the date of Executives death (such applicable date, the Specified Employee Initial
Payment Date), and the Company (or the successor entity thereto, as applicable) will (A) pay to Executive a lump sum amount
equal to the sum of the Separation Benefits payments or the CIC Separation Benefits payments, as applicable, that Executive would otherwise
have received through the Specified Employee Initial Payment Date if the commencement of the payment of the Separation Benefits or the
CIC Separation Benefits, as applicable, had not been so delayed pursuant to this Section, and (B) commence paying the balance of the
Separation Benefits or the CIC Separation Benefits, as applicable, in accordance with the applicable payment schedules set forth in this
Agreement.

(b)
Application of Section 280G of the Code. If any payment, benefit or distribution of any type to or for the benefit of Executive,
whether paid or payable, provided or to be provided, or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise
(collectively, the Parachute Payments) would subject the Executive to the excise tax imposed under Section 4999
of the Code (the Excise Tax), the Parachute Payments will be reduced so that the maximum amount of the Parachute
Payments (after reduction) will be $1.00 less than the amount which would cause the Parachute Payments to be subject to the Excise Tax;
provided that the Parachute Payments will only be reduced to the extent the after-tax value of amounts received by the Executive after
application of the above reduction would exceed the after-tax value of the amounts received without application of such reduction. For
this purpose, the after-tax value of an amount will be determined taking into account all federal, state, and local income, employment
and excise taxes applicable to such amount. If a reduction the Parachute Payments as described in this Section is necessary, the Company
will reduce or eliminate the Parachute Payments by first reducing or eliminating any cash payments (with the payments to be made furthest
in the future being reduced first), then by reducing or eliminating accelerated vesting of stock options or similar awards, and then
by reducing or eliminating any other remaining Parachute Payments; provided, that no such reduction or elimination will apply to any
non-qualified deferred compensation amounts (within the meaning of Section 409A) to the extent such reduction or elimination would accelerate
or defer the timing of such payment in manner that does not comply with Section 409A. The determination as to whether (x) any of the
Parachute Payments received by the Executive in connection with the occurrence of a change in the ownership or control of the Company
or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company will be subject to the Excise Tax, and (y) the amount of any
reduction, if any, that may be required pursuant to the previous paragraph, will be made by an independent accounting firm selected by
the Company (the Accounting Firm) prior to the consummation of such change in the ownership or effective control
of the Company or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company. For purposes of making the calculations required
by this Section 14(b), the Accounting Firm may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely
on reasonable, good faith interpretations concerning the application of the Code (including but not limited to Sections 280G and 4999).
The parties agree to furnish to the Accounting Firm such information and documents as the Accounting Firm may reasonably request in order
to make a determination under this Section 14(b). The Company will bear all costs the Accounting Firm may reasonably incur in connection
with any calculations contemplated by this Section 14(b). Executive will be furnished with notice of all determinations made as to the
Excise Tax payable with respect to the Executives Parachute Payments, together with the related calculations of the Accounting
Firm, promptly after such determinations and calculations have been received by the Company.

- 16 -

15.
Miscellaneous.

(a)
Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and
supersedes all prior agreements (whether written or oral and whether express or implied) between the parties to the extent related to
such subject matter.

(b)
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors,
permitted assigns and, in the case of Executive, heirs, executors, and/or personal representatives. The Company may freely assign or
transfer this Agreement to an affiliated company or to a successor following a merger, consolidation, sale of assets, or other business
transaction. Executive may not assign, delegate or otherwise transfer any of Executives rights, interests or obligations in this
Agreement without the prior written approval of the Company.

(c)
Counterparts; Electronic Delivery. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original
but all of which together will constitute one instrument reflecting the terms of the Agreement. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile,
electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other
transmission method and any counterpart so delivered will be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective
for all purposes.

(d)
Notices. Any notice pursuant to this Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed effectively given to the other party (i) on
the date it is actually delivered by personal delivery of such notice, (ii) one business day after its deposit in the custody of a reputable
overnight courier service (such as FedEx) next business day delivery charges prepaid; or (iii) three business days after its deposit
in the custody of the U.S. mail, certified or registered postage prepaid, return receipt requested; in each case to the appropriate address
shown below (or to such other address as a party may designate by notice to the other party):

If to Executive: Timothy L. Maness

If to Company: 

Adaptin Bio, Inc.

3540 Toringdon Way, Suite 200 #250

Charlotte, North Carolina 28277

Attention: Board of Directors

(e)
Amendments and Waivers. No amendment of any provision of this Agreement will be valid unless the amendment is in writing and signed
by the Company and Executive. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement will be valid unless the waiver is in writing and signed by
the waiving party. The failure of a party at any time to require performance of any provision of this Agreement will not affect such
partys rights at a later time to enforce such provision. No waiver by a party of any breach of this Agreement will be deemed to
extend to any other breach hereunder or affect in any way any rights arising by virtue of any other breach.

- 17 -

(f)
Severability. Each provision of this Agreement is severable from every other provision of this Agreement. Any provision of this Agreement
that is determined by any court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable will not affect the validity or enforceability
of any other provision. Any provision of this Agreement held invalid or unenforceable only in part or degree will remain in full force
and effect to the extent not held invalid or unenforceable.

(g)
Construction. The section headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and are not intended to affect the interpretation
of this Agreement. The word including in this Agreement means including without limitation. This Agreement
will be construed as if drafted jointly by the Company and Executive and no presumption or burden of proof will arise favoring or disfavoring
the Company or Executive by virtue of the authorship of any provision in this Agreement. All words in this Agreement will be construed
to be of such gender or number as the circumstances require.

(h)
Survival. This Agreement, and all obligations of the Company and Executive hereunder, will terminate upon the termination of Executives
employment, with the following exceptions: (i) Executives continuing obligations under Sections 6, 8, 9, 10, 12, and 14; (ii)
the Companys obligations under Section 6 (subject to Executives obligations thereunder); (c) Executives right to
indemnification under Section 13; and (d) the relevant provisions of Sections 11 and 15.

(i)
Remedies Cumulative. The rights and remedies of the parties under this Agreement are cumulative (not alternative) and in addition
to all other rights and remedies available to such parties at law, in equity, by contract or otherwise.

(j)
Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of North Carolina without regard to principles of choice
or conflict of laws (whether of the State of North Carolina or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of
any jurisdiction other than the State of North Carolina.

(k)
Venue. The parties agree that any litigation arising out of or related to this Agreement or Executives employment by Company
will be brought exclusively in any state or federal court in Mecklenburg County, North Carolina. Each party (i) consents to the personal
jurisdiction of said courts, (ii) waives any venue or inconvenient forum defense to any proceeding maintained in such courts, and (iii)
except as expressly provided above, agrees not to bring any proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or Executives
employment by Company in any other court.

(l)
Legal Counsel. This Agreement was prepared by Wyrick Robbins Yates & Ponton LLP in its capacity as legal counsel to the Company.
Both Parties acknowledge that they have had the opportunity to seek and obtain the advice of counsel before entering into this Agreement
and have done so to the extent desired, and have fully read the Agreement and understand the meaning and import of all the terms hereof.

[Signature
Page Immediately Follows]

- 18 -

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the date first written above.

EXECUTIVE: COMPANY:

Adaptin Bio,
Inc.

/s/
Timothy L. Maness By: /s/
Michael J. Roberts

Timothy L. Maness Name: Michael J. Roberts

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature
Page to Executive Employment Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.13
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>ea023016901ex10-13_adaptin.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND L. ARTHUR HEWITT, DATED FEBRUARY 11, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.13

EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Executive Employment Agreement (this Agreement) is entered into
as of February 11, 2025, by and between Adaptin Bio, Inc. (f/k/a Unite Acquisition 1 Corp.), a Delaware corporation (the Company), and L.
Arthur Hewitt (the Executive).

WHEREAS, in connection with,
and conditioned upon the completion of, the merger (the Merger) between the wholly-owned subsidiary of Unite Acquisition
1 Corp. and private company Adaptin Bio, Inc. (Adaptin), the Company wishes to employ Executive as its Chief Development
Officer, and Executive wishes to accept such employment, on the terms set forth in this Agreement;

WHEREAS Executive acknowledges
and agrees that through Executives association with Adaptin as an employee, Executive will acquire a considerable amount of knowledge
and goodwill with respect to the business of the Company, which knowledge and goodwill are highly valuable to the Company and which would
be detrimental to the Company if used by Executive to compete with the Company; and

WHEREAS the Company wishes to
protect its investment in its business, employees, customer relationships, and confidential information, by requiring Executive to abide
by certain restrictive covenants regarding confidentiality, non-competition, and non-solicitation, each of which is an inducement to the
Company to enter into this Agreement;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the foregoing, the mutual agreements contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

1. Employment.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company hereby employs Executive, and Executive accepts such employment.
The employment relationship hereunder will be for the period commencing on the closing of the Merger (such date, the
Effective Date) and will continue for a term of one year (the Initial Term) unless
terminated sooner in accordance with Section 5 below. After the Initial Term expires, this Agreement will automatically renew for
successive one-year terms (subject, in any event, to termination in accordance with Section 5 below), unless either party provides
written notice of its intent not to renew the Agreement at least 90 days prior to the expiration of the then-current term. The
period from the Effective Date through the date of the termination of Executives employment hereunder is referred to herein
as the Term.

2. Position
and Duties.

(a) Position. Executive
will serve as the Companys Chief Development Officer, reporting to the Companys Chief Executive Officer (the
CEO). Executive will perform such services for the Company and have such powers, responsibilities and authority
as are customarily associated with the position of Chief Development Officer in similar companies, and will perform such additional
duties as may otherwise be reasonably assigned to Executive from time to time by the CEO.

- 1 -

(b) Part-Time
Employment. Executive will devote approximately 25% of Executives business time, attention, and efforts to the affairs of
the Company and to the duties hereunder, and will perform such duties diligently and to the best of Executives ability, in
compliance with the Companys policies and procedures and the laws and regulations that apply to the Companys business.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive may (i) participate in charitable, civic, educational, professional, community or industry
affairs and (ii) manage Executives passive personal investments, so long as, in each case, such activities individually or in
the aggregate do not materially interfere or conflict with the Executives duties hereunder or create a potential business or
fiduciary conflict (in each case, as determined by the Companys Board of Directors (the Board)).

(c) Principal
Work Location. Executives principal workplace for the performance of his duties under this Agreement will be at the Companys
headquarters or the Executives residence. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive will be required to travel as necessary
to perform his duties hereunder.

3. Compensation
and Benefits. As compensation for the services to be rendered by Executive under this Agreement, the Company will provide the following
compensation and benefits during Executives employment hereunder.

(a) Base
Salary. During the Term, the Company will pay Executive a base salary at an annual rate of $75,000 (the Base Salary).
The Base Salary will be payable in equal installments in accordance with the Companys payroll practices as in effect from time
to time. The Base Salary will be reviewed by the Board from time to time, and may be increased in the sole discretion of the Board. Executives
salary may not be reduced except in connection with an across-the-board reduction of executive level salaries in which Executive will
not be subject to a greater reduction, on a percentage basis, than any other executive-level employee.

(b) Bonus
Opportunity. For each calendar year ending during the Term, Executive will be eligible to receive an annual bonus (the Annual
Bonus) with a target amount of 25% of Executives Base Salary. The actual amount of each Annual Bonus will be based upon
the level of achievement of the Companys corporate objectives and the Executives individual objectives, in each case, as
established by the Board for the calendar year with respect to which such Annual Bonus relates. The determination of the level of achievement
of the corporate objectives and the Executives individual performance objectives for a year will be made by the Board in its reasonable
discretion. The Annual Bonus for a calendar year, to the extent earned, will be paid in a lump sum in the following calendar year. The
Annual Bonus will not be deemed earned until the date that it is paid. Accordingly, in order for the Executive to receive an Annual Bonus,
the Executive must be actively employed by the Company at the time of such payment.

- 2 -

(c) Equity
Compensation. During the Term, Executive will be eligible to receive from time to time such equity grants or awards, if any, pursuant
to the terms of any equity incentive plan of the Company (or any successor plan as may be in place from time to time) as may be approved
by the Board in its discretion. Such grants or awards will be subject to the terms and conditions of such plan (or any successor plan)
and such other terms and conditions as the Board in its discretion may establish.

(d) Paid
Vacation. Executive will be entitled to paid vacation days in accordance with the Companys vacation policies in effect from
time to time for its executive team; provided, however that the Executive will be entitled to no less than 20 paid vacation days per calendar
year during the Term.

(e) General
Benefits. Executive will be entitled to such other benefits, and to participate in such benefit plans, as are generally made available
to similarly situated senior executive employees of the Company from time to time, subject to Company policy and the terms and conditions
of any applicable benefit plans. Nothing in this Agreement will be deemed to alter the Companys rights to modify or terminate any
such plans or programs in its sole discretion.

(f) Withholdings.
The Company will withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement such federal, state, and local taxes as the Company determines
are required to be withheld pursuant to applicable law.

(g) Recoupment
of Compensation. Any incentive-based or other compensation paid to Executive under this Agreement or any other agreement or arrangement
with the Company which is subject to recovery under any law, government regulation, stock exchange listing requirement or any compensation
recovery or clawback policy adopted by the Company from time to time will be subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture or recoupment
as may be required by such law, government regulation, stock exchange listing requirement or policy. In addition, if Executive is or becomes
an executive officer subject to the incentive compensation repayment requirements of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act (the Dodd-Frank Act), then if required by the Dodd-Frank Act or any of its regulations Executive will enter into
an amendment to this Agreement or a separate written agreement with the Company to comply with the Dodd-Frank Act and any of its regulations.

- 3 -

4. Reimbursement
of Expenses. The Company will reimburse Executive for all reasonable business expenses incurred by Executive in connection with the
performance of Executives duties hereunder, subject to Executives compliance with the Companys reimbursement policies
in effect from time to time.

5. Termination.
This Agreement, and Executives employment hereunder, are subject to termination as follows.

(a) Death.
Automatically effective upon Executives death.

(b) Disability.
By the Company upon notice to Executive in the event of Executives Disability. As used herein, Disability
means the inability of Executive, due to the condition of Executives physical, mental or emotional health, effectively to perform
the essential functions of Executives job with or without reasonable accommodation for a continuous period of at least 90 consecutive
days or for 120 days in any period of 12 consecutive months, as determined by the Board in good faith. In any event, the Company will
comply fully with the applicable provisions of the Americans with Disabilities Act, as amended, the Family and Medical Leave Act, and
any similar applicable law. For purposes of making a determination as to whether a Disability exists, at the Companys request Executive
agrees to make himself available and to cooperate in a reasonable examination by a reputable independent physician retained by the Company
and to authorize the disclosure and release to the Company of all medical records related to such examination.

(c) For
Cause. By the Company effective upon written notice to Executive for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause
means: (i) Executives fraud, embezzlement or misappropriation with respect to the Company; (ii) Executives willful or grossly
negligent misconduct that has or may reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the property, business, or reputation
of the Company; (iii) Executives material breach of this Agreement; (iv) Executives willful failure or refusal to perform
Executives material duties under this Agreement or willful failure to follow any specific lawful instructions of the CEO; (v) Executives
conviction or plea of nolo contendere in respect of a felony or of a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude; or (vi) Executives
material failure to comply with the Companys workplace rules, policies, or procedures. In the event that the Company concludes
that Executive has engaged in acts constituting in Cause as defined in clause (iii) or (iv) above, prior to terminating this Agreement
for Cause the Company will provide Executive with at least 15 days advance notice of the circumstances constituting such Cause,
and an opportunity to correct such circumstances, to the extent such circumstances are susceptible of being corrected.

(d) Without
Cause. By the Company effective upon written notice to Executive at any time for any reason other than for Cause or Executives
Disability.

- 4 -

(e) Resignation
for Good Reason. Executive may resign his employment for Good Reason by complying with the Good Reason Procedure as described herein.
The Good Reason Procedure means (i) Executive reasonably determines in good faith that a Good Reason condition has
occurred; (ii) Executive notifies the Company in writing of the first occurrence of the Good Reason condition within 60 days of the first
occurrence of such condition; (iii) Executive cooperates in good faith with the Companys efforts, for a period not less than 30
days following such notice (the Good Reason Cure Period), to remedy the condition; (iv) notwithstanding such efforts,
the Good Reason condition continues to exist; and (v) Executive terminates Executives employment within 60 days after the end of
the Good Reason Cure Period. If the Company cures the Good Reason condition during the Good Reason Cure Period, Good Reason will be deemed
not to have occurred. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason means the occurrence of any of the following events
without Executives written consent: (i) the Companys requiring Executive to be based at any office or location more than
25 miles from his principal work location as of the Effective Date, except for travel reasonably required in the performance of Executives
responsibilities to the Company; (ii) a material reduction of Executives Base Salary not in compliance with Section 3(a) above;
(iii) a material diminution of the Executives authority, duties, or responsibilities; or (iv) the Companys material breach
of this Agreement.

(f) Other
Resignation. By Executive effective upon 30 days written notice to the Company at any time for any reason.

(g) Employment
During Notice Periods. During any notice period under Sections 5(c), 5(e), or 5(f) the Company may, in its sole discretion, relieve
Executive of some or all of his duties during the notice period, but the Company will continue to provide Executive with all required
salary and benefits during such period.

6. Effect
of Termination.

(a) Generally.
When Executives employment with the Company is terminated for any reason, Executive, or Executives estate, as the case
may be, will be entitled to receive the compensation and benefits earned through the effective date of termination, along with reimbursement
for any unreimbursed business expenses incurred through the date of termination that Executive has timely submitted (or does timely submit)
for reimbursement in accordance with the Companys expense reimbursement policy or practice.

(b) Resignation
from Positions. Immediately upon the termination of Executives employment with the Company for any reason, Executive will be
deemed to have resigned from all positions as an officer or director of the Company, along with any other positions he may hold with or
for the benefit of the Company and/or its affiliates. In furtherance of the preceding sentence, Executive will execute and return to the
Company all letters and documents that the Company may reasonably require in order to evidence such resignation(s), but Executives
failure to execute and return such documents will not have the effect of delaying or in any way invalidating the resignation(s) provided
for by the preceding sentence.

- 5 -

(c) Separation
Benefits upon Certain Terminations not in Connection with a Change in Control. If the Company terminates Executives employment
without Cause pursuant to Section 5(d), or if Executive resigns for Good Reason pursuant to Section 5(e), then conditioned upon Executive
executing and not revoking a Release (as described below) following such termination, the Company will provide Executive with the following
benefits (together, the Separation Benefits):

(i) the
Company will pay Executive an amount of severance equal to 12 months of Executives then-current Base Salary, such amounts payable
to Executive over time in accordance with the Companys payroll practices and procedures beginning on the 60th day following the
termination of Executives employment with the Company, provided that the first installment will include all amounts that would
have been paid if such payments had commenced effective on the date of termination; and

(ii) if
Executive timely elects continued health insurance coverage pursuant to COBRA, the Company will contribute toward the premium necessary
to continue such coverage for Executive and Executives family at the same rate as the Company had contributed for such coverage
as of the date of termination, for the same period over which severance is paid or until Executive becomes eligible for group health insurance
coverage under another employers plan, whichever occurs first, provided however, that the Company will have the right to terminate
such payment of COBRA premiums on behalf of Executive and instead pay Executive a lump sum amount equal to the COBRA premium times the
number of months remaining in the specified period if the Company determines in its discretion that continued payment of the COBRA premiums
is or may be discriminatory under Section 105(h) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code).

(d) Separation
Benefits upon Certain Terminations in Connection with a Change in Control. If the Company terminates Executives employment
without Cause pursuant to Section 5(d), or if Executive resigns for Good Reason pursuant to Section 5(e), in either case at the time of,
or within six months following, a Change in Control (as defined below) then conditioned upon Executive executing and not revoking a Release
(as described below) following such termination, the Company will provide Executive with the following benefits (together, the CIC
Separation Benefits):

(i) the
Company will pay Executive an amount of severance equal to 12 months of Executives then-current Base Salary, such amounts payable
to Executive over time in accordance with the Companys payroll practices and procedures beginning on the 60th day following the
termination of Executives employment with the Company, provided that the first installment will include all amounts that would
have been paid if such payments had commenced effective on the date of termination;

(ii) the
vesting of all stock options, restricted stock units, and other equity awards will be accelerated such that all such awards are deemed
to have been vested as of the date of termination; and

(iii) if
Executive timely elects continued health insurance coverage pursuant to COBRA, the Company will contribute toward the premium necessary
to continue such coverage for Executive and Executives family at the same rate as the Company had contributed for such coverage
as of the date of termination, for the same period over which severance is paid or until Executive becomes eligible for group health insurance
coverage under another employers plan, whichever occurs first, provided however, that the Company will have the right to terminate
such payment of COBRA premiums on behalf of Executive and instead pay Executive a lump sum amount equal to the COBRA premium times the
number of months remaining in the specified period if the Company determines in its discretion that continued payment of the COBRA premiums
is or may be discriminatory under Section 105(h) of the Code.

- 6 -

(e) Change
in Control Defined. As used in this Agreement, the term Change in Control means the occurrence of any one of
the following events:

(i) any
person, including a group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), but excluding the Company, any entity controlling, controlled by or under
common control with the Company, any trustee, fiduciary or other person or entity holding securities under any employee benefit plan or
trust of the Company or any such entity, and, with respect to any particular qualified participant of any equity incentive plan of the
Company (a Participant), the Participant and any group (as such term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of
the Exchange Act) of which the Participant is a member), is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13(d)(3)
under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 50% or more of either (A) the combined voting
power of the Companys then outstanding securities; or (B) the Companys then outstanding equity securities (in either such
case other than as a result of an acquisition of securities directly from the Company);

(ii) any
consolidation or merger of the Company where the stockholders of the Company, immediately prior to the consolidation or merger, would
not, immediately after the consolidation or merger, beneficially own (as such term is defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly
or indirectly, equity securities representing in the aggregate 50% or more of the combined voting power of the securities of the entity
issuing cash or securities in the consolidation or merger (or of its ultimate parent entity, if any);

(iii) any
sale, lease, exclusive license, exchange or other transfer (in one transaction or a series of transactions contemplated or arranged by
any party as a single plan) of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, other than a sale or disposition by the Company
of all or substantially all of the Companys assets to an entity, at least 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities
of which are owned by persons (as defined above) in substantially the same proportion as their ownership of the Company
immediately prior to such sale; or

(iv) the
members of the Board at the beginning of any consecutive 24-calendar-month period (the Incumbent Directors) cease
for any reason other than due to death to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board; provided that any director whose
election, or nomination for election by the Companys stockholders, was approved or ratified by a vote of at least a majority of
the members of the Board then still in office who were members of the Board at the beginning of such 24-calendar-month period, will be
deemed to be an Incumbent Director.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
no event or condition will constitute a Change in Control to the extent that, if it were, a penalty tax would be imposed under Section
409A; provided that, in such a case, the event or condition will continue to constitute a Change in Control to the maximum extent possible
(e.g., if applicable, in respect of vesting without an acceleration of distribution) without causing the imposition of such penalty tax.

- 7 -

(f) Release.
The Companys obligation to provide the Separation Benefits or the CIC Separation Benefits, as applicable, is conditioned upon
Executive executing and returning a release of claims in a form acceptable to the Company (the Release) within the
time specified therein, which Release is not revoked within any time period allowed for revocation under applicable law.

(g) Post-Termination
Breach. If Executive is entitled to receive the Separation Benefits or the CIC Separation Benefits but violates any provisions of
Sections 8 through 10 hereof after termination of employment, the Company will be entitled to immediately stop paying any further installments
of the Separation Benefits or the CIC Separation Benefits as applicable, in addition to any other remedies that may be available to the
Company in law or at equity.

(h) No
Further Obligations. Except as expressly provided above or as otherwise required by law, the Company will have no obligations to Executive
in the event of the termination of this Agreement for any reason. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event will Executive be entitled to
benefits under both Section 6(c) and 6(d).

7. Representations
of Executive. Executive represents and warrants that he is not obligated or restricted under any agreement (including any non-competition
or confidentiality agreement), judgment, decree, order or other restraint of any kind that could impair Executives ability to perform
the duties and obligations required hereunder. Executive further agrees that Executive will not divulge to the Company any confidential
information and/or trade secrets belonging to others, including Executives former employers. Consistent with the foregoing, Executive
will not provide to the Company any documents or copies of documents containing such information.

8. Confidential
Information.

(a) Executive
acknowledges that the Company has and will give Executive access to certain highly-sensitive, confidential, and proprietary information
belonging to the Company (or third parties who may have furnished such information under obligations of confidentiality), relating to
and used in the Companys business (collectively, Confidential Information). Executive acknowledges that Confidential
Information includes, but is not limited to, the following categories of Company related confidential or proprietary information and material:
financial statements and information; budgets, forecasts, and projections; business and strategic plans; marketing, sales, and business
development strategies; research and development projects; records relating to any intellectual property developed by, owned by, controlled,
or maintained by the Company; information related to the Companys inventions, research, products, designs, methods, formulae, techniques,
systems, processes; customer lists; non-public information relating to the Companys customers, suppliers, distributors, or investors;
the specific terms of the Companys agreements or arrangements, whether oral or written, with any customer, supplier, vendor, or
contractor with which the Company may be associated from time to time; and any and all information relating to the operation of the Companys
business which the Company may from time to time designate as confidential or proprietary or that Executive reasonably knows should be,
or has been, treated by the Company as confidential or proprietary. Executive further understands that Company will receive confidential
business information from third parties, including but not limited to the Companys clients (the Third Party Information),
under a duty to maintain the confidentiality of such Third Party Information and to use it only for limited purposes. Confidential Information
and Third Party Information encompass all formats in which information is preserved, whether electronic, print, or any other form, including
all originals, copies, notes, or other reproductions or replicas thereof.

- 8 -

(b) Confidential
Information does not include any information that: (i) at the time of disclosure is generally known to, or readily ascertainable by, the
public; (ii) becomes known to the public through no fault of Executive or other violation of this Agreement; or (iii) is disclosed to
Executive by a third party under no obligation to maintain the confidentiality of the information.

(c) Executive
acknowledges that the Confidential Information is owned or licensed by the Company (and Third Party Information is possessed by the Company
with the permission of its owner); is unique, valuable, proprietary and confidential; derives independent actual or potential commercial
value from not being generally known or available to the public; and is subject to reasonable efforts to maintain its secrecy. Executive
hereby relinquishes and agrees that Executive will not at any time claim, any right, title or interest of any kind in or to any Confidential
Information or Third Party Information.

(d) During
and after Executives employment with the Company, Executive will hold in trust and confidence all Confidential Information and
Third Party Information, and will not disclose any Confidential Information or Third Party Information to any person or entity, except
in the course of performing duties assigned by the Company or as authorized in writing by the Company. Executive further agrees that during
and after Executives employment with the Company, Executive will not use any Confidential Information or Third Party Information
for any purpose, except in the course of performing duties assigned by the Company or as authorized in writing by the Company.

(e) Notwithstanding
the covenants contained in Section 8(d) above, Executive may disclose Confidential Information or Third Party Information solely to the
extent that Executive is required to do so by law, provided that Executive (i) notifies the Company of the existence and terms of such
obligation, (ii) gives the Company a reasonable opportunity to seek a protective or similar order to prevent or limit such disclosure,
and (iii) only discloses that information actually required to be disclosed.

(f) Nothing
in this Agreement is intended to or will prohibit Executive from communicating with any governmental authority, or making a report in
good faith and with a reasonable belief of any violations of law or regulation to a governmental authority, or from filing, testifying
or participating in a legal proceeding relating to such violations, including making disclosures protected or required by any whistleblower
law or regulation to the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Department of Labor, or any other appropriate government authority charged
with the enforcement of any applicable laws. In addition, nothing in this Agreement is intended to or will limit any employees
right to discuss the terms, wages, and working conditions of their employment, as protected by applicable law. Pursuant to the Defend
Trade Secrets Act of 2016, Executive is hereby notified that an individual will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal
or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (i) is made (A) in confidence to a federal, state or local government
official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (B) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation
of law; or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. An
individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret
to his or her attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual files any document containing the
trade secret under seal, and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order.

- 9 -

(g) Return
of Property. Upon request during employment and immediately at the termination of Executives employment, Executive will return
to the Company all Confidential Information and Third Party Information in any form (including all copies and reproductions thereof) and
all other property whatsoever of the Company in Executives possession or under Executives control. If requested by the Company,
Executive will certify in writing that all such materials have been returned to the Company. Upon request by the Company, Executive will
cooperate with the Company in transferring all logins, passwords, and other access information for accounts and systems previously used
by Executive in connection with her employment with the Company. Executive also expressly agrees that immediately upon the termination
of Executives employment with the Company for any reason, Executive will cease using any secure website, computer systems, e-mail
system, or phone system or voicemail service provided by the Company for the use of its employees.

9. Assignment
of Inventions.

(a) Executive
agrees that all developments or inventions (including without limitation any and all software programs (source and object code), algorithms
and applications, concepts, designs, discoveries, improvements, processes, techniques, know-how and data) that are initiated, conceived,
discovered, reduced to practice, or made by Executive, either alone or in conjunction with others, during the Term and relate to or result
from the Executives work for the Company or which relate directly to the Companys businesses, whether or not patentable
or registrable under copyright or similar statutes or subject to analogous protection (Inventions), will be the sole
and exclusive property of the Company or its nominees. Executive will and hereby does assign to the Company all rights in and to such
Inventions upon the creation of any such Invention, including, without limitation: (i) patents, patent applications and patent rights
throughout the world; (ii) rights associated with works of authorship throughout the world, including copyrights, copyright applications,
copyright registrations, mask work rights, mask work applications and mask work registrations; (iii) rights relating to the protection
of trade secrets and confidential information throughout the world; (iv) rights analogous to those set forth herein and any other proprietary
rights relating to intangible property; and (v) divisions, continuations, renewals, reissues and extensions of the foregoing (as applicable),
now existing or hereafter filed, issued or acquired (collectively, the IP Rights).

(b) For
avoidance of doubt, if any Invention falls within the definition of work made for hire as such term is defined in 17 U.S.C.
101, such Invention(s) will be considered work made for hire and the copyright of such Invention(s) will be
owned solely and exclusively by the Company. If any Invention does not fall within such definition of work made for hire
then Executives right, title and interest in and to such Invention(s) will be assigned to the Company pursuant to Section 9(a)
above.

- 10 -

(c) The
Company and its nominees will have the right to use and/or to apply for statutory or common law protections for such Inventions in any
and all countries. Executive further agrees, at the Companys expense, to: (i) reasonably assist the Company in obtaining and from
time to time enforcing such IP Rights relating to Inventions, and (ii) execute and deliver to the Company or its nominee upon reasonable
request all such documents as the Company or its nominee may reasonably determine are necessary or appropriate to effect the purposes
of this Section 9, including assignments of inventions. Such documents may be necessary to: (1) vest in the Company or its nominee clear
and marketable title in and to Inventions; (2) apply for, prosecute and obtain patents, copyrights, mask works rights and other rights
and protections relating to Inventions; or (3) enforce patents, copyrights, mask works rights and other rights and protections relating
to Inventions. Executives obligations pursuant to this Section 9 will continue beyond the termination of Executives employment
with the Company. Executive hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the Company and its then-current Chief Executive Officer as Executives
agent and attorney-in-fact to act for and in behalf and instead of Executive, to execute and file any such application and to do all other
lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution and issuance of patents, trademarks, copyrights or other rights thereon with the same
legal force and effect as if executed by Executive, if the Company is unable after reasonable effort to secure Executives signature
to any lawful and necessary document required to apply for or execute any patent, trademark, copyright or other applications with respect
to any Inventions (including renewals, extensions, continuations, divisions or continuations in part thereof).

(d) The
obligations of Executive under Section 9(a) above will not apply to any Invention that Executive developed or conceived prior to the Effective
Date or entirely on Executives own time after the Effective Date without using the Companys equipment, supplies, facility
or trade secret information, except for those Inventions that (i) relate directly to the Companys business or actual or demonstrably
anticipated research or development or (ii) result from any work performed by Executive for Company. Executive will bear the burden of
proof in establishing the applicability of this subsection to a particular circumstance.

10. Restrictive
Covenants.

(a) Purpose.
Executive understands and agrees that the purpose of this Section 10 is solely to protect the Companys legitimate business
interests, including, but not limited to its confidential and proprietary information, customer relationships and goodwill, and the Companys
competitive advantage, and will not unduly impair Executives ability or right to work or earn a living. Therefore, Executive agrees
to be subject to restrictive covenants under the following terms.

(b) Definitions.
As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings given to such terms below.

(i) Business
means (A) the development or commercialization of treatments for diseases of the central nervous system, including cancers, and (B) the
business(es) in which the Company was actively engaged at the time of, or during the 12-month period immediately preceding the Termination
Date, provided that this clause (B) will only apply if Executive is involved with such other business.

- 11 -

(ii) Company
Employee means any person who is or was an employee or independent contractor of the Company at the time of, or during the
12-month period immediately preceding, (A) the conduct in question, if such conduct occurs prior to the Termination Date, or (B) the Termination
Date, if the conduct in question occurs on or after the Termination Date.

(iii) Customer
means any person or entity who is or was a customer or client of the Company at the time of, or during the 12-month period immediately
preceding, (A) the conduct in question, if such conduct occurs prior to the Termination Date, or (B) the Termination Date, if the conduct
in question occurs on or after the Termination Date, and in either case with whom Executive had dealings on behalf of the Company in the
course of his employment with the Company during such period, or about whom Executive learned or received confidential and proprietary
information in the course of his employment with Company during such period.

(iv) Prospective
Customer means any person or entity to whom, within the 12 months immediately prior to the Termination Date the Company had
submitted a proposal for products or services of which Executive has knowledge, provided that Executive has had material business contacts
with such person or entity on behalf of the Company during such 12-month period, whether such contact was initiated by the person or entity
or by Executive.

(v) Restricted
Period means the period commencing on the Termination Date and ending 12 months after such date, provided, however, that this
period will not run during any time Executive is in violation of this Section 10, it being the intent of the parties that the Restricted
Period will be extended for any period of time in which Executive is in violation of this Section 10.

(vi) Restricted
Territory means the United States of America, it being understood that the Companys business is nationwide in scope.
In the event that the preceding definition of Restricted Territory is deemed by a court of competent jurisdiction to be too broad to be
enforced under the circumstances, then Restricted Territory will mean the following severable and distinct territories:

(A) the
State of North Carolina;

(B) each
state, province, or similar political subdivision in which the Company engaged in material business at the time of, or during the 12-month
period immediately prior to, (y) the conduct in question, if such conduct occurs prior to the Termination Date, or (z) the Termination
Date, if the conduct in question occurs on or after the Termination Date;

(C) each
city, county, township, or similar political subdivision in which the Company engaged in material business at the time of, or during the
12-month period immediately prior to, (y) the conduct in question, if such conduct occurs prior to the Termination Date, or (z) the Termination
Date, if the conduct in question occurs on or after the Termination Date;

- 12 -

(D) each
state, province, or similar political subdivision in which the Company engaged in material business with respect to which Executive provided
material services on behalf of the Company at the time of, or during the 12-month period immediately prior to, (y) the conduct in question,
if such conduct occurs prior to the Termination Date, or (z) the Termination Date, if the conduct in question occurs on or after the Termination
Date; or

(E) each
city, county, township, or similar political subdivision in which the Company engaged in material business with respect to which Executive
provided material services on behalf of the Company at the time of, or during the 12-month period immediately prior to, (y) the conduct
in question, if such conduct occurs prior to the Termination Date, or (z) the Termination Date, if the conduct in question occurs on or
after the Termination Date.

(vii) Termination
Date means the effective date of the termination of Executives employment for any reason.

(c) Non-Competition.
During Executives employment with the Company, Executive will not, on Executives own behalf or on behalf of any other person,
engage in any business competitive with or adverse to that of the Company. In addition, during Executives employment with the Company
and during the Restricted Period, Executive will not hold a position based in or with responsibility for all or part of the Restricted
Territory, with any person or entity engaging in the Business, whether as employee, consultant, or otherwise, in which Executive will
have duties, or will perform or be expected to perform services for such person or entity, that is or are the same as or substantially
similar to the position held by Executive or those duties or services actually performed by Executive for the Company within the 12-month
period immediately preceding (i) the conduct in question, if such conduct occurs prior to the Termination Date, or (ii) the Termination
Date, if the conduct in question occurs on or after the Termination Date, or in which Executive will use or disclose or be reasonably
expected to use or disclose any confidential or proprietary information of the Company for the purpose of providing, or attempting to
provide, such person or entity with a competitive advantage with respect to the Business. The Parties agree that nothing in this Section
10(c) will prohibit Executive from owning, as a passive investment, not more than 1% of any class of securities of a business entity which
is engaged, directly or indirectly, in a business which competes with the Business, or restrict or limit Executives ability to
work or provide services to a distinct department, division, or other segment of a business entity that does not engage in the Business,
even though other departments, divisions, or segments of the business entity may engage in the Business.

(d) Non-Solicitation.
During Executives employment with the Company and during the Restricted Period, Executive will not, directly or indirectly, on
Executives own behalf or on behalf of any other party:

(i) Call
upon, solicit, divert, encourage or attempt to call upon, solicit, divert, or encourage any Customer or Prospective Customer for purposes
of marketing, selling, or providing products or services to such Customer or Prospective Customer that are competitive with those offered
by the Company;

- 13 -

(ii) Accept
as a customer any Customer or Prospective Customer for purposes of marketing, selling, or providing products or services to such Customer
or Prospective Customer that are competitive with those offered by the Company;

(iii) Induce,
encourage, or attempt to induce or encourage any Customer or Prospective Customer to purchase or accept products or services that are
competitive with those offered by the Company from any person or entity (other than the Company) engaging in the Business;

(iv) Induce,
encourage, or attempt to induce or encourage any Customer to reduce, limit, or cancel its business with the Company;

(v) Solicit,
induce, or attempt to solicit or induce any Company Employee to terminate his or her employment or engagement with the Company; or

(vi) Otherwise
interfere with or engage in any conduct that would have the effect of interfering with the business relationship between the Company and
any of its vendors, suppliers, consultants, or contractors.

(e) Reasonableness
of Restrictions. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the restrictive covenants in this Agreement (i) are essential elements of
Executives employment by the Company and are reasonable given Executives access to the Companys Confidential Information
and the substantial knowledge and goodwill Executive will acquire with respect to the business of the Company as a result of Executives
employment with the Company, and the unique and extraordinary services to be provided by Executive to the Company; and (ii) are reasonable
in time, territory, and scope, and in all other respects. Provisions in this Section 10 calling for a look back prior to
a given date are intended solely as a means of identifying the individuals, entities, and/or place to which the restrictions described
in this Section 10 apply and are not intended to extend the length of the restrictions. The existence or assertion of any claim of or
by the Executive, whether predicated on this Agreement or otherwise, will not constitute a defense to the enforcement by the Company of
the covenants contained in this Section 10.

(f) Consideration.
Executive acknowledges and agrees that the covenants set forth in this Agreement are supported by adequate consideration, including,
but not limited to the Companys promise to provide the Separation Benefits or the CIC Separation Benefits, as applicable, and the
Companys other promises as described in this Agreement. The Company would not have agreed to enter into this Agreement but for
Executives agreement to the restrictions imposed by this Section 10.

(g) Judicial
Modification. Should any part or provision of this Section 10 be held invalid, void, or unenforceable in any court of competent jurisdiction,
such invalidity, voidness, or unenforceability will not render invalid, void, or unenforceable any other part or provision of this Agreement.
The parties further agree that if any portion of this Section 10 is found to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction
because its duration, territory, or other restrictions are deemed to be invalid or unreasonable in scope, the parties intend that the
court will, to the maximum extent permitted by law, replace the invalid or unreasonable terms with terms that are valid and enforceable
and that come closest to expressing the intention of such invalid or unenforceable terms.

- 14 -

11. Enforcement.
Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Company will suffer irreparable harm in the event that Executive breaches any of Executives
obligations under Sections 8, 9, or 10 of this Agreement and that monetary damages would be inadequate to compensate the Company for such
breach. Accordingly, Executive agrees that, in the event of a breach by Executive of any of Executives obligations under Sections
8, 9, or 10 of this Agreement, the Company will be entitled to obtain from any court of competent jurisdiction preliminary and permanent
injunctive relief in order to prevent or to restrain any such breach, without the need for posting bond or other security.

12. Cooperation.
Upon the receipt of reasonable notice from the Company (including its outside counsel), Executive agrees that while employed by, or
providing services to, the Company and thereafter, Executive will respond and provide information with regard to matters in which the
Executive has knowledge as a result of the Executives employment or service with the Company, and will, at the Companys
sole expense, provide reasonable assistance to the Company, its affiliates and their respective representatives in defense of all claims
that may be made against the Company (but excluding claims by Executive), and will assist the Company in the prosecution of all claims
that may be made by the Company or its affiliates, to the extent that such claims may relate to the period of the Executives employment
or service with the Company. Following the Term, the Company will reasonably cooperate with Executive regarding the scheduling of such
instances of cooperation under this Section 12, taking into account Executives professional and personal commitments. Executive
agrees to promptly inform the Company if Executive becomes aware of any lawsuit involving such claims that is likely to be filed or threatened
against the Company. Executive also agrees to promptly inform the Company (to the extent that Executive is legally permitted to do so)
if Executive is asked to assist in any investigation of the Company (or its actions), regardless of whether a lawsuit or other proceeding
has then been filed against the Company with respect to such investigation, and will not do so unless legally required. Upon presentation
of appropriate documentation, the Company will reimburse Executive for any reasonable expenses Executive incurs in connection with Executives
cooperation under this provision.

13. Indemnification.
The Company will indemnify Executive and hold Executive harmless in connection with the defense of any lawsuit or other claim, but
excluding claims arising out of Executives willful misconduct, to which he is made a party by reason of being an officer, director
or employee of the Company, to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware, as in effect at the time of the subject
act or omission. The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain directors and officers liability insurance
for acts and omissions occurring during Executives employment with the Company, in amounts and on terms reasonable and customary
for similarly situated companies, and Executive will be covered by such insurance on the same basis as other executive officers of the
Company.

- 15 -

14. Certain
Tax Matters.

(a) Application
of Section 409A of the Code. The parties intend that this Agreement and the payments made hereunder will be exempt from, or comply
with, the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the regulations and other guidance thereunder and any state law of similar effect
(collectively Section 409A), and this Agreement will be interpreted and applied to the greatest extent possible in
a manner that is consistent with the requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties under Section 409A. In no event, however, will the Company
be liable for any additional tax, interest, or penalty that may be imposed on Executive by Section 409A or damages for failing to comply
with Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, any payments and benefits provided under Section 6 above
that constitute deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A will not commence in connection with Executives
termination of employment unless and until Executive has also incurred a separation from service (as such term is defined
in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h)), unless the Company reasonably determines that such amounts may be provided to Executive without
causing Executive to incur the additional 20% tax under Section 409A. The parties intend that each installment of the Separation Benefits
or the CIC Separation Benefits, as applicable, is a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A. For the avoidance of
doubt, the parties intend that the Separation Benefits or the CIC Separation Benefits, as applicable, satisfy, to the greatest extent
possible, the exemptions from the application of Section 409A provided under Treasury Regulation Sections 1.409A-1(b)(4) and 1.409A-1(b)(9).
However, if the Company determines that the Separation Benefits or the CIC Separation Benefits, as applicable, constitute deferred
compensation under Section 409A and Executive is, as of the separation from service, a specified employee of the
Company or any successor entity thereto, as such term is defined in Section 409A, then, solely to the extent necessary to avoid the incurrence
of the adverse personal tax consequences under Section 409A, the timing of the payment of the Separation Benefits or the CIC Separation
Benefits, as applicable, will be delayed until the earlier to occur of: (i) the date that is six months and one day after Executives
separation from service, or (ii) the date of Executives death (such applicable date, the Specified Employee Initial Payment
Date), and the Company (or the successor entity thereto, as applicable) will (A) pay to Executive a lump sum amount equal to
the sum of the Separation Benefits payments or the CIC Separation Benefits payments, as applicable, that Executive would otherwise have
received through the Specified Employee Initial Payment Date if the commencement of the payment of the Separation Benefits or the CIC
Separation Benefits, as applicable, had not been so delayed pursuant to this Section, and (B) commence paying the balance of the Separation
Benefits or the CIC Separation Benefits, as applicable, in accordance with the applicable payment schedules set forth in this Agreement.

(b) Application
of Section 280G of the Code. If any payment, benefit or distribution of any type to or for the benefit of Executive, whether paid
or payable, provided or to be provided, or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise (collectively,
the Parachute Payments) would subject the Executive to the excise tax imposed under Section 4999 of the Code (the
Excise Tax), the Parachute Payments will be reduced so that the maximum amount of the Parachute Payments (after reduction)
will be $1.00 less than the amount which would cause the Parachute Payments to be subject to the Excise Tax; provided that the Parachute
Payments will only be reduced to the extent the after-tax value of amounts received by the Executive after application of the above reduction
would exceed the after-tax value of the amounts received without application of such reduction. For this purpose, the after-tax value
of an amount will be determined taking into account all federal, state, and local income, employment and excise taxes applicable to such
amount. If a reduction the Parachute Payments as described in this Section is necessary, the Company will reduce or eliminate the Parachute
Payments by first reducing or eliminating any cash payments (with the payments to be made furthest in the future being reduced first),
then by reducing or eliminating accelerated vesting of stock options or similar awards, and then by reducing or eliminating any other
remaining Parachute Payments; provided, that no such reduction or elimination will apply to any non-qualified deferred compensation amounts
(within the meaning of Section 409A) to the extent such reduction or elimination would accelerate or defer the timing of such payment
in manner that does not comply with Section 409A. The determination as to whether (x) any of the Parachute Payments received by the Executive
in connection with the occurrence of a change in the ownership or control of the Company or in the ownership of a substantial portion
of the assets of the Company will be subject to the Excise Tax, and (y) the amount of any reduction, if any, that may be required pursuant
to the previous paragraph, will be made by an independent accounting firm selected by the Company (the Accounting Firm)
prior to the consummation of such change in the ownership or effective control of the Company or in the ownership of a substantial portion
of the assets of the Company. For purposes of making the calculations required by this Section 14(b), the Accounting Firm may make reasonable
assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable, good faith interpretations concerning the application
of the Code (including but not limited to Sections 280G and 4999). The parties agree to furnish to the Accounting Firm such information
and documents as the Accounting Firm may reasonably request in order to make a determination under this Section 14(b). The Company will
bear all costs the Accounting Firm may reasonably incur in connection with any calculations contemplated by this Section 14(b). Executive
will be furnished with notice of all determinations made as to the Excise Tax payable with respect to the Executives Parachute
Payments, together with the related calculations of the Accounting Firm, promptly after such determinations and calculations have been
received by the Company.

- 16 -

15. Miscellaneous.

(a) Entire
Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes
all prior agreements (whether written or oral and whether express or implied) between the parties to the extent related to such subject
matter.

(b) Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors, permitted
assigns and, in the case of Executive, heirs, executors, and/or personal representatives. The Company may freely assign or transfer this
Agreement to an affiliated company or to a successor following a merger, consolidation, sale of assets, or other business transaction.
Executive may not assign, delegate or otherwise transfer any of Executives rights, interests or obligations in this Agreement without
the prior written approval of the Company.

(c) Counterparts;
Electronic Delivery. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original but all
of which together will constitute one instrument reflecting the terms of the Agreement. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic
mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission
method and any counterpart so delivered will be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

(d) Notices.
Any notice pursuant to this Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed effectively given to the other party (i) on the date it is
actually delivered by personal delivery of such notice, (ii) one business day after its deposit in the custody of a reputable overnight
courier service (such as FedEx) next business day delivery charges prepaid; or (iii) three business days after its deposit in the custody
of the U.S. mail, certified or registered postage prepaid, return receipt requested; in each case to the appropriate address shown below
(or to such other address as a party may designate by notice to the other party):

If to Executive: L. Arthur Hewitt

If to Company: 

Adaptin Bio, Inc.

3540 Toringdon Way, Suite 200 #250

Charlotte, North Carolina 28277

Attention: Board of Directors

(e) Amendments
and Waivers. No amendment of any provision of this Agreement will be valid unless the amendment is in writing and signed by the Company
and Executive. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement will be valid unless the waiver is in writing and signed by the waiving party.
The failure of a party at any time to require performance of any provision of this Agreement will not affect such partys rights
at a later time to enforce such provision. No waiver by a party of any breach of this Agreement will be deemed to extend to any other
breach hereunder or affect in any way any rights arising by virtue of any other breach.

- 17 -

(f) Severability.
Each provision of this Agreement is severable from every other provision of this Agreement. Any provision of this Agreement that is determined
by any court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision.
Any provision of this Agreement held invalid or unenforceable only in part or degree will remain in full force and effect to the extent
not held invalid or unenforceable.

(g) Construction.
The section headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and are not intended to affect the interpretation of this Agreement.
The word including in this Agreement means including without limitation. This Agreement will be construed
as if drafted jointly by the Company and Executive and no presumption or burden of proof will arise favoring or disfavoring the Company
or Executive by virtue of the authorship of any provision in this Agreement. All words in this Agreement will be construed to be of such
gender or number as the circumstances require.

(h) Survival.
This Agreement, and all obligations of the Company and Executive hereunder, will terminate upon the termination of Executives employment,
with the following exceptions: (i) Executives continuing obligations under Sections 6, 8, 9, 10, 12, and 14; (ii) the Companys
obligations under Section 6 (subject to Executives obligations thereunder); (c) Executives right to indemnification under
Section 13; and (d) the relevant provisions of Sections 11 and 15.

(i) Remedies
Cumulative. The rights and remedies of the parties under this Agreement are cumulative (not alternative) and in addition to all other
rights and remedies available to such parties at law, in equity, by contract or otherwise.

(j) Governing
Law. This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of North Carolina without regard to principles of choice or conflict
of laws (whether of the State of North Carolina or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction
other than the State of North Carolina.

(k) Venue.
The parties agree that any litigation arising out of or related to this Agreement or Executives employment by Company will be brought
exclusively in any state or federal court in Mecklenburg County, North Carolina. Each party (i) consents to the personal jurisdiction
of said courts, (ii) waives any venue or inconvenient forum defense to any proceeding maintained in such courts, and (iii) except as expressly
provided above, agrees not to bring any proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or Executives employment by Company
in any other court.

(l) Legal
Counsel. This Agreement was prepared by Wyrick Robbins Yates & Ponton LLP in its capacity as legal counsel to the Company. Both
Parties acknowledge that they have had the opportunity to seek and obtain the advice of counsel before entering into this Agreement and
have done so to the extent desired, and have fully read the Agreement and understand the meaning and import of all the terms hereof.

[Signature Page Immediately Follows]

- 18 -

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the date first written above.

EXECUTIVE: COMPANY:

/s/ L. Arthur Hewitt Adaptin Bio, Inc.

L. Arthur Hewitt 

By: /s/ Michael J. Roberts 

Name: Michael J. Roberts

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Executive Employment Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.14
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>ea023016901ex10-14_adaptin.htm
<DESCRIPTION>COMPENSATION AGREEMENT BY AND BETWEEN CENTAUR BIO INC. AND SIMON PEDDER, DATED OCTOBER 1, 2023
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.14

COMPENSATION
AGREEMENT

THIS
COMPENSATION AGREEMENT, dated as of October 1, 2023 (this Agreement), is by and between Simon C. Pedder with
an address of 845 Jim Wilson Road, Indian Land, SC 29707 (Executive Chairman), and CENTAUR BIO, INC, with principal
executive offices at 7805 Pemswood Street, Charlotte, NC 28277 (Company).

W
I T N E S S E T H:

IN
CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth, the parties hereto agree as follows:

Section
1. Services. Executive Chairman agrees to provide business and pharmaceutical development related services to Company (the
Services). Executive Chairman hereby agrees that the Services shall be provided at such times and at such places
as the Company shall reasonably request, and in accordance with the highest prevailing industry standards and practices for the performance
of similar services.

Section
2. Term of Agreement. The retention of the Executive Chairman by the Company as provided in Section I above shall be until
a formal Employment Agreement has been executed between the Company and Executive Chairman (the Term). Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, the Agreement may be terminated by Executive Chairman or the Company upon thirty (30) days
prior written notice to the other party.

Section
3. Compensation.

(a) So
long as Company has sufficient funding and as full compensation for the performance by Executive Chairman of his/her duties under this
Agreement, the Company shall pay Executive Chairman $10,000 per month (the Fee) that Executive Chairman spends performing
his/her duties pursuant to the terms hereof.

(b) The
Company agrees that payment shall be made to Executive Chairman within fifteen (15) business days from the beginning of each month. Executive
Chairman will be solely responsible for all taxes, withholding and other similar statutory obligations.

Section
4. Expenses. The Company shall reimburse Executive Chairman for all reasonable and necessary expenses incurred by Executive
Chairman in connection with the Services provided hereunder; provided, however, that such expenses are pre-approved in writing
by the Company.

Section
5. Miscellaneous.

This
Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the State
of North Carolina, without giving effect to its principles of conflicts of laws.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above by proper person thereunto duly
authorized.

CENTAUR BIO, INC.

By: /s/ Michael
J. Roberts

Name: Michael J. Roberts

Title: CEO

EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN

/s/ Simon
C. Pedder

Simon C. Pedder
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.15
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>ea023016901ex10-15_adaptin.htm
<DESCRIPTION>COMPENSATION AGREEMENT BY AND BETWEEN CENTAUR BIO INC. AND MAC B CONSULTING LLC D/B/A MICHAEL J. ROBERTS, DATED OCTOBER 1, 2023
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.15

COMPENSATION
AGREEMENT

THIS
COMPENSATION AGREEMENT, dated as of October 1, 2023 (this Agreement), is by and between MAC B Consulting
LLC, a North Carolina Limited Liability Company d/b/a Michael J. Roberts with an address of 7805 Pemswood Street, Charlotte, NC
28277 (CEO), and CENTAUR BIO, INC, with principal executive offices at 7805 Pemswood Street, Charlotte, NC
28277 (Company).

W
I T N E S S E T H:

IN
CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth, the parties hereto agree as follows:

Section
1. Services. CEO agrees to provide business and pharmaceutical development related services to Company (the Services).
CEO hereby agrees that the Services shall be provided at such times and at such places as the Company shall reasonably request, and
in accordance with the highest prevailing industry standards and practices for the performance of similar services.

Section
2. Term of Agreement. The retention of the CEO by the Company as provided in Section 1 above shall be until a formal Employment
Agreement has been executed between the Company and CEO (the Term). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
herein, the Agreement may be terminated by CEO or the Company upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other party.

Section
3. Compensation.

(a) So
long as Company has sufficient funding and as full compensation for the performance by CEO of his/her duties under this Agreement, the
Company shall pay CEO $15,000 per month (the Fee) that CEO spends performing his/her duties pursuant to the terms
hereof.

(b) The
Company agrees that payment shall be made to CEO within fifteen (15) business days from the beginning of each month. CEO will be solely
responsible for all taxes, withholding and other similar statutory obligations.

Section
4. Expenses. The Company shall reimburse CEO for all reasonable and necessary expenses incurred by CEO in connection with
the Services provided hereunder; provided, however, that such expenses are pre-approved in writing by the Company.

Section
5. Miscellaneous.

This
Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the State of North Carolina, without giving
effect to its principles of conflicts of laws.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above by proper person thereunto duly
authorized.

CENTAUR BIO, INC.

By: /s/ Simon
C. Pedder

Name: Simon C. Pedder

Title: Executive Chairman

CEO

/s/ Michael
J. Roberts

Michael J. Roberts
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.16
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>ea023016901ex10-16_adaptin.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CONSULTING AGREEMENT BY AND BETWEEN CENTAUR BIO INC. AND ADAMANTEUS LLC, DATED MAY 31, 2023
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.16

CONSULTING AGREEMENT

THIS CONSULTING AGREEMENT, dated as of May
31, 2023 (this Agreement),
is by and between Adamanteus LLC, a North Carolina Limited Liability Company d/b/a Timothy Maness, CPA with a principal place of business
at 2519 Roundabout Lane, Charlotte, NC 28210 (Consultant),
and CENTAUR BIO, INC, with principal executive offices at 7805 Pemswood Street, Charlotte, NC 28277 (Company).

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, Company is a development stage biomedical
and pharmaceutical company;

WHEREAS, Consultant provides expertise in
finance and accounting and other matters related to the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and life science industries;

WHEREAS, Company desires that it be able to
call upon the knowledge and experience of Consultant for consultation services; and

WHEREAS, Consultant is willing to render such
services to Company on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the
mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth, the parties hereto agree as follows:

Section 1. Services. Consultant agrees
to provide financial and accounting services to Company. Consultants services to the Company shall include assisting with financial
audits, regulatory filings and other projects assigned to him by the Company (the Services). Consultant hereby agrees
that the Services shall be provided at such times and at such places as the Company shall reasonably request, and in accordance with the
highest prevailing industry standards and practices for the performance of similar services.

Section 2. Term of Agreement.
The retention of the Consultant by the Company as provided in Section 1 above shall be for a period of six (6) month from the date hereof,
unless sooner terminated in accordance herewith (the Term); provided, however, that the Term shall be extended automatically
for an additional six-month period upon mutual written agreement of both Consultant and Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained herein, the Agreement may be terminated by Consultant or the Company upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other
party. Immediately upon receipt of such notice from the Company, Consultant shall institute such termination procedures as may be specified
in the notice and shall use his/her best efforts to minimize the cost to Company resulting from such termination. Sections 5, 6, 7, 8,
9 and 10 shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement.

Section 3. Compensation.

(a)As full compensation for the performance by Consultant of his/her duties under this Agreement, the
Company shall pay Consultant $300 per hour (the Fee) that Consultant spends performing his/her duties pursuant to
the terms hereof, provided, however that the amount of time Consultant spends performing his/her duties pursuant to this
Agreement shall not exceed 20 hours per month unless otherwise agreed in writing by Company and Consultant.

(b)Consultant shall provide the Company with written invoices on a monthly basis for services rendered
for such month, which shall set forth the actual number of hours Consultant expends performing the Services, a description of the activities
undertaken by Consultant, and the itemization of all expenses incurred that are reimbursable pursuant to Section 4 hereof. The Company
agrees that payment shall be made to Consultant within thirty (30) business days of its receipt of each undisputed monthly invoice.

(c)Consultant and Company acknowledge and agree that the compensation set forth herein represents the
fair market value of the services provided to Company by Consultant, negotiated in an arms-length transaction, and has not been determined
in a manner which takes into account the volume or value of any current or future referrals or business otherwise generated between the
Company and the Consultant. Nothing contained in this Agreement constitutes or shall be construed in any manner as an obligation or inducement
for Consultant to recommend the prescribing, purchase, use, or preferential formulary status or dispensing of any of the Companys
products or services or those of any organizations affiliated with the Company.

Section 4. Expenses. The Company
shall reimburse Consultant for all reasonable and necessary expenses incurred by Consultant in connection with the Services provided hereunder;
provided, however, that such expenses are pre-approved in writing by the Company.

Section 5. Confidential Information and
Inventions.

(a)Consultant recognizes and acknowledges that in the course of his duties Consultant is likely to
receive confidential or proprietary information owned by the Company, its affiliates or third parties with whom the Company or any such
affiliates has an obligation of confidentiality. Accordingly, during and after the Term, Consultant shall use his best efforts to protect
the confidentiality of the Confidential and Proprietary Information and agrees to keep confidential and not disclose or make accessible
to any other person or use for any other purpose other than in connection with the fulfillment of his duties under this Agreement, any
Confidential and Proprietary Information (as defined below) owned by, or received by or on behalf of, the Company or any of its affiliates.
Confidential and Proprietary Information shall include, but shall not be limited to, confidential or proprietary scientific
or technical information, data, formulas and related concepts, business plans (both current and under development), client lists, promotion
and marketing programs, trade secrets, or any other confidential or proprietary business information relating to development programs,
costs, revenues, marketing, investments, sales activities, promotions, credit and financial data, manufacturing processes, financing
methods, plans or the business and affairs of the Company or of any affiliate or client of the Company. Consultant expressly acknowledges
the trade secret status of the Confidential and Proprietary Information and that the Confidential and Proprietary Information constitutes
a protectable business interest of the Company. Consultant agrees: (i) not to use any such Confidential and Proprietary Information for
himself/herself or others; and (ii) not to take any Company material or reproductions (including but not limited to writings, correspondence,
notes, drafts, records, invoices, technical and business policies, computer programs or disks) thereof from the Companys offices
at any time during the Term, except as required in the execution of Consultants duties to the Company. Consultant agrees to return
immediately all Company material and reproductions (including but not limited, to writings, correspondence, notes, drafts, records, invoices,
technical and business policies, computer programs or disks) thereof in his possession to the Company upon request and in any event immediately
upon termination or expiration of the Term.

2

(b)Except with prior written authorization by the Company or unless otherwise required by law, Consultant
agrees not to disclose or publish any of the Confidential and Proprietary Information, or any confidential, scientific, technical or
business information of any other party to whom the Company or any of its affiliates owes an obligation of confidence, at any time during
or after the Term.

(c)Consultant agrees that all inventions, discoveries, improvements and patentable or copyrightable
works (Inventions) initiated, conceived or made by him/her, either alone or in conjunction with others, in connection
with or as a result of performance of Services by Consultant during the Term shall be the sole property of the Company to the maximum
extent permitted by applicable law and, to the extent permitted by law, shall be works made for hire as that term is defined
in the United States Copyright Act (17 U.S.C.A., Section 101). The Company shall be the sole owner of all patents, copyrights, trade
secret rights, and other intellectual property or other rights in connection therewith. Consultant hereby assigns to the Company all
right, title and interest he may have or acquire in all such Inventions. Consultant further agrees to assist the Company in every proper
way (but at the Companys expense) to obtain and from time to time enforce patents, copyrights or other rights on such Inventions
in any and all countries, and to that end Consultant will execute all documents necessary:

(i)to apply for, obtain and vest in the name of the Company alone (unless the Company otherwise directs)
letters patent, copyrights or other analogous protection in any country throughout the world and when so obtained or vested to renew and
restore the same; and

(ii)to defend any opposition proceedings in respect of such applications and any opposition proceedings
or petitions or applications for revocation of such letters patent, copyright or other analogous protection.

(d)Consultant acknowledges that while performing the Services under this Agreement Consultant may locate,
identify and/or evaluate patented or patentable inventions having commercial potential in the fields of pharmacy, pharmaceutical, biotechnology,
healthcare, technology and other fields which may be of potential interest to the Company or one of its affiliates (the Third
Party Inventions). Consultant understands, acknowledges and agrees that all rights to, interests in or opportunities regarding,
all Third-Party Inventions identified by the Company, any of its affiliates or either of the foregoing persons officers, directors,
employees, agents or consultants (including the Consultant) during the Term shall be and remain the sole and exclusive property of the
Company or such affiliate and Consultant shall have no rights whatsoever to such Third-Party Inventions and will not pursue for himself
or for others any transaction relating to the Third-Party Inventions which is not on behalf of the Company.

(e)Consultant agrees that he will promptly disclose to the Company, or any persons designated by the
Company, all improvements and Inventions relating to, involving or based on Companys information, technologies or the Services
that are made or conceived or reduced to practice or learned by him/her, either alone or jointly with others, during the Term.

(f)Consultant agrees that the Company shall be entitled to enjoin any breach of the confidentiality
and other obligations hereunder without having to post a bond in addition to all other remedies it may have under applicable law. Consultant
will notify the Company in writing immediately upon the occurrence of any unauthorized release of any Confidential and Proprietary Information
or other breach of any of the obligations under this Section 5 of which it is or becomes aware.

Section 6. Insider Trading. Consultant
recognizes that in the course of his duties hereunder, Consultant may receive from the Company or others information that may be considered
material, nonpublic information concerning a public company that is subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities
and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Consultant agrees NOT to: (a) purchase or sell, directly or indirectly, any securities of
any company while in possession of relevant material, nonpublic information relating to such company received from the Company or others
in connection herewith; (b) provide Company with information with respect to any public company that may be considered material, nonpublic
information; or (c) communicate any material, nonpublic information to any other person in which it is reasonably foreseeable that such
person is likely to (i) purchase or sell securities of any company with respect to which such information relates, or (ii) otherwise directly
or indirectly benefit from such information. Without limiting any of the confidentiality and insider trading obligations included in this
Agreement, Consultant shall not discuss any information concerning Company obtained by Consultant in the course of performing the Services
with any financial, securities or industry analyst or with the media without the written agreement of Company.

3

Section 7. Representations, Warranties and
Covenants of Consultant. The Consultant hereby represents, warrants and covenants to the Company as follows:

(a)Neither the execution or delivery of this Agreement nor the performance by Consultant of his duties
and other obligations hereunder violate or will violate any statute, law, determination or award, or conflict with or constitute a default
or breach of any covenant or obligation under (whether immediately, upon the giving of notice or lapse of time or both) any prior employment
agreement, contract, or other instrument to which Consultant is a party or by which he is bound.

(b)Consultant has the full right, power and legal capacity to enter and deliver this Agreement, as applicable,
and to perform his duties and other obligations hereunder. This Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of Consultant
enforceable against him/her in accordance with its terms. No approvals or consents of any persons or entities are required for Consultant
to execute and deliver this Agreement, as applicable, or perform his duties and other obligations hereunder.

(c)Consultant represents that his performance of all the terms of this Agreement will not breach any
agreement to keep in confidence any confidential information or trade secrets acquired by Consultant from any third party, and Consultant
agrees not to use any confidential information or trade secrets of any third party in connection with the provision of the Services in
violation of the agreements under which he had access to or knowledge of such confidential information or trade secrets.

(d)Consultant hereby represents that he (i) has not been debarred and (ii) to the best of Consultants
knowledge, is not under consideration to be disbarred by the Food and Drug Administration (the FDA) or any other
government agency from working in or providing services to any pharmaceutical or biotechnology company. Consultant shall notify the Company
immediately if, during the Term, Consultant comes under investigation by the FDA for debarment or disqualification or is debarred or
disqualified. Consultant shall notify the Company immediately if the FDA or any other regulatory authority requests permission to or
does inspect Consultants records in connection with the Services provided under this Agreement, and Consultant will deliver to
the Company promptly all materials, correspondence, statements, forms, and records which Consultant receives, obtains or generates pursuant
to any such inspection.

(e)Consultant will not use any confidential information or trade secrets of any third party in his employment
by Company in violation of the terms of the agreements under which he had access to or knowledge of such confidential information or trade
secrets.

(f)During the Term of this Agreement and for a period of one-year thereafter, if Consultant uses, recommends,
or comments upon the attributes of any Company product or service in connection with the treatment of a patient, a scientific or educational
presentation or publication, a media interview, or any other third-party communication or interaction, Consultant shall disclose that
Consultant is or has been a paid consultant of Company and the fact of any other of Consultants financial relationships with Company.

4

Section 8. Non-Circumvention. Consultant
acknowledges that the Company regards the identity of the technologies, potential products and business partners evaluated by it to be
a trade secret. Consultant agrees during the Term and for a period of one year thereafter not to contact any such business partners or
parties (including any of their officers, directors, employees, agents, affiliates and/or consultants) who hold rights to such technologies
and potential products without the presence of an officer of the Company or without the prior written consent of an officer of the Company,
and Consultant further agrees not to take any action which would adversely affect or otherwise hinder the Companys ability to ultimately
execute any agreements with such parties. In addition, Consultant agrees not to circumvent, avoid, bypass or obviate the Company directly
or indirectly regarding the Confidential and Proprietary Information disclosed in connection with the Services and any possible business
arrangement envisioned thereby.

Section 9. Consultant not an Employee.
Company and Consultant hereby acknowledge and agree that Consultant shall perform the services hereunder as an independent contractor
and not as an employee or agent of Company or any Company affiliate. Consultant will be solely responsible for all taxes, withholding
and other similar statutory obligations. Consultant shall not represent that he is an employee of Company or any Company affiliate under
any circumstance. In addition, nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as establishing any joint venture, partnership or other business
relationship between the parties hereto or representing any commitment by either party to enter into any other agreement by implication
or otherwise except as specifically stated herein. Consultant shall not have any authority, express or implied, to bind Company or any
Company affiliate to any agreement, contract, or other commitment. Consultant further understands and agrees that this Agreement is entered
into by Company on a non-exclusive basis and that Company and its affiliates remain free to deal with others and retain other consultants,
employees, brokers, finders and other agents in the same or similar capacity as Consultant has been retained at any time at their own
option.

Section 10. Miscellaneous.

This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed
and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the State of North Carolina, without giving effect to its principles of conflicts of laws.

Any dispute arising out of, or relating to, this
Agreement or the breach thereof (other than Section 5 hereof), or regarding the interpretation thereof, shall be finally settled by arbitration
conducted in Charlotte, North Carolina in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association then in effect before a single
arbitrator appointed in accordance with such rules. Judgment upon any award rendered therein may be entered and enforcement obtained thereon
in any court having jurisdiction. The arbitrator shall have authority to grant any form of appropriate relief, whether legal or equitable
in nature, including specific performance. For the purpose of any judicial proceeding to enforce such award or incidental to such arbitration
or to compel arbitration and for purposes of Section 5 hereof, the parties hereby submit to the exclusive venue and personal jurisdiction
of the state and federal courts located in Charlotte, North Carolina, and agree that service of process in such arbitration or court proceedings
shall be satisfactorily made upon it if sent by registered mail addressed to it at the address referred to in paragraph (g) below. The
costs of such arbitration shall be borne proportionate to the finding of fault as determined by the arbitrator.

5

This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure
to the benefit of the parties hereto, and their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors and permitted assigns.

This Agreement, and Consultants rights
and obligations hereunder, may not be assigned, delegated or otherwise subcontracted by Consultant. The Company may assign its rights,
together with its obligations, hereunder in connection with any sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of its
business or assets.

This Agreement cannot be amended orally, or by
any course of conduct or dealing, but only by a written agreement signed by the parties hereto.

The failure of either party to insist upon the
strict performance of any of the terms, conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver or relinquishment
of future compliance therewith, and such terms, conditions and provisions shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any term
or condition of this Agreement on the part of either party shall be effective for any purpose whatsoever unless such waiver is in writing
and signed by such party.

All notices, demands or other communications desired
or required to be given by any party to any other party hereto shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given upon (i) personal
delivery to the party to be notified, (ii) upon confirmation of receipt of telecopy or other electronic facsimile transmission, (iii)
one business day after deposit with a reputable overnight courier, prepaid for priority overnight delivery, or (iv) five days after deposit
with the United States Post Office, postage prepaid, in each case to such party at the address set forth above, or to such other addresses
and to the attention of such other individuals as any party shall have designated to the other parties by notice given in the foregoing
manner.

This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement
and understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior agreements, arrangements and understandings,
written or oral, relating to the subject matter hereof. No representation, promise or inducement has been made by either party that is
not embodied in this Agreement, and neither party shall be bound by or liable for any alleged representation, promise or inducement not
so set forth.

As used in this Agreement, affiliate
of a specified person or entity shall mean and include any person or entity controlling, controlled by or under common control with the
specified Person.

The section headings contained herein are for
reference purposes only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

(l) 
As used in this Agreement, the masculine, feminine or neuter gender, and the singular or plural, shall be deemed to include the others
whenever and wherever the context so requires. Additionally, unless the context requires otherwise, or is not exclusive.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally
Left Blank Signature Page Follows]

6

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed
this Agreement as of the date first written above by proper person thereunto duly authorized.

CENTAUR BIO, INC.

By: /s/ Michael J. Roberts

Name: Michael J. Roberts

Title: CEO

CONSULTANT

/s/ Timothy Maness

Timothy Maness

Managing Member

Adamanteus LLC

7
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.17
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>ea023016901ex10-17_adaptin.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CONSULTING AGREEMENT BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND L. ARTHUR HEWITT, DATED SEPTEMBER 5, 2024
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.17

CONSULTING AGREEMENT

THIS CONSULTING AGREEMENT, dated
as of September 5, 2024 (this Agreement), is by and between L. Arthur Hewitt, having an address of 8002 Pemswood Street,
Charlotte, NC 28277 (Consultant), and Adaptin Bio, Inc, with principal executive offices at 3540 Toringdon Way, Suite
200, Charlotte, NC 28277 (Company).

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, Company is a development stage
biomedical and pharmaceutical company;

WHEREAS, Consultant provides expertise
in research, development and regulatory matters related to the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and life science industries;

WHEREAS, Company desires that it be
able to call upon the knowledge and experience of Consultant for consultation services; and

WHEREAS, Consultant is willing
to render such services to Company on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth, the parties hereto agree as follows:

Section 1. Services. Consultant
agrees to provide research, development, and regulatory services to Company. Consultants services to the Company shall include
assisting with the development of Companys pharmaceutical products and other projects assigned to him by the Company (the Services).
Consultant hereby agrees that the Services shall be provided at such times and at such places as the Company shall reasonably request,
and in accordance with the highest prevailing industry standards and practices for the performance of similar services.

Section 2. Term
of Agreement. The retention of the Consultant by the Company as provided in Section 1 above shall be for a period of six (6)
month from the date hereof, unless sooner terminated in accordance herewith (the Term); provided, however, that
the Term shall be extended automatically for an additional six-month period upon mutual written agreement of both Consultant and Company.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Agreement may be terminated by Consultant or the Company upon thirty (30)
days prior written notice to the other party. Immediately upon receipt of such notice from the Company, Consultant shall institute such
termination procedures as may be specified in the notice and shall use his/her best efforts to minimize the cost to Company resulting
from such termination. Sections 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 and 10 shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement.

Section 3. Compensation.

(a)As
full compensation for the performance by Consultant of his/her duties under this Agreement, the Company shall pay Consultant $350 per
hour (the Fee) that Consultant spends performing his/her duties pursuant to the terms hereof, provided, however
that the amount of time Consultant spends performing his/her duties pursuant to this Agreement shall not exceed 40 hours per month
unless otherwise agreed in writing by Company and Consultant.

(b)Consultant shall provide the Company with written invoices on a monthly basis for services rendered for such month, which
shall set forth the actual number of hours Consultant expends performing the Services, a description of the activities undertaken by Consultant,
and the itemization of all expenses incurred that are reimbursable pursuant to Section 4 hereof. The Company agrees that payment shall
be made to Consultant within thirty (30) business days of its receipt of each undisputed monthly invoice.

(c)Consultant
and Company acknowledge and agree that the compensation set forth herein represents the fair market value of the services provided to
Company by Consultant, negotiated in an arms-length transaction, and has not been determined in a manner which takes into account the
volume or value of any current or future referrals or business otherwise generated between the Company and the Consultant. Nothing contained
in this Agreement constitutes or shall be construed in any manner as an obligation or inducement for Consultant to recommend the prescribing,
purchase, use, or preferential formulary status or dispensing of any of the Companys products or services or those of any organizations
affiliated with the Company.

Section 4. Expenses.
The Company shall reimburse Consultant for all reasonable and necessary expenses incurred by Consultant in connection with the Services
provided hereunder; provided, however, that such expenses are pre-approved in writing by the Company.

Section 5. Confidential Information and Inventions.

(a)Consultant
recognizes and acknowledges that in the course of his duties Consultant is likely to receive confidential or proprietary information
owned by the Company, its affiliates or third parties with whom the Company or any such affiliates has an obligation of confidentiality.
Accordingly, during and after the Term, Consultant shall use his best efforts to protect the confidentiality of the Confidential and
Proprietary Information and agrees to keep confidential and not disclose or make accessible to any other person or use for any other
purpose other than in connection with the fulfillment of his duties under this Agreement, any Confidential and Proprietary Information
(as defined below) owned by, or received by or on behalf of, the Company or any of its affiliates. Confidential and Proprietary
Information shall include, but shall not be limited to, confidential or proprietary scientific or technical information, data,
formulas and related concepts, business plans (both current and under development), client lists, promotion and marketing programs, trade
secrets, or any other confidential or proprietary business information relating to development programs, costs, revenues, marketing,
investments, sales activities, promotions, credit and financial data, manufacturing processes, financing methods, plans or the business
and affairs of the Company or of any affiliate or client of the Company. Consultant expressly acknowledges the trade secret status of
the Confidential and Proprietary Information and that the Confidential and Proprietary Information constitutes a protectable business
interest of the Company. Consultant agrees: (i) not to use any such Confidential and Proprietary Information for himself/herself or others;
and (ii) not to take any Company material or reproductions (including but not limited to writings, correspondence, notes, drafts, records,
invoices, technical and business policies, computer programs or disks) thereof from the Companys offices at any time during the
Term, except as required in the execution of Consultants duties to the Company. Consultant agrees to return immediately all Company
material and reproductions (including but not limited, to writings, correspondence, notes, drafts, records, invoices, technical and business
policies, computer programs or disks) thereof in his possession to the Company upon request and in any event immediately upon termination
or expiration of the Term.

2

(b)Except
with prior written authorization by the Company or unless otherwise required by law, Consultant agrees not to disclose or publish any
of the Confidential and Proprietary Information, or any confidential, scientific, technical or business information of any other party
to whom the Company or any of its affiliates owes an obligation of confidence, at any time during or after the Term.

(c)Consultant agrees that all inventions, discoveries, improvements and patentable or copyrightable works (Inventions)
initiated, conceived or made by him/her, either alone or in conjunction with others, in connection with or as a result of performance
of Services by Consultant during the Term shall be the sole property of the Company to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law
and, to the extent permitted by law, shall be works made for hire as that term is defined in the United States Copyright
Act (17 U.S.C.A., Section 101). The Company shall be the sole owner of all patents, copyrights, trade secret rights, and other intellectual
property or other rights in connection therewith. Consultant hereby assigns to the Company all right, title and interest he may have or
acquire in all such Inventions. Consultant further agrees to assist the Company in every proper way (but at the Companys expense)
to obtain and from time to time enforce patents, copyrights or other rights on such Inventions in any and all countries, and to that end
Consultant will execute all documents necessary:

(i)to
apply for, obtain and vest in the name of the Company alone (unless the Company otherwise directs) letters patent, copyrights or other
analogous protection in any country throughout the world and when so obtained or vested to renew and restore the same; and

(ii)to
defend any opposition proceedings in respect of such applications and any opposition proceedings or petitions or applications for revocation
of such letters patent, copyright or other analogous protection.

(d)Consultant
acknowledges that while performing the Services under this Agreement Consultant may locate, identify and/or evaluate patented or
patentable inventions having commercial potential in the fields of pharmacy, pharmaceutical, biotechnology, healthcare, technology
and other fields which may be of potential interest to the Company or one of its affiliates (the Third Party
Inventions). Consultant understands, acknowledges and agrees that all rights to, interests in or opportunities regarding,
all Third-Party Inventions identified by the Company, any of its affiliates or either of the foregoing persons officers,
directors, employees, agents or consultants (including the Consultant) during the Term shall be and remain the sole and exclusive
property of the Company or such affiliate and Consultant shall have no rights whatsoever to such Third-Party Inventions and will not
pursue for himself or for others any transaction relating to the Third-Party Inventions which is not on behalf of the Company.

3

(e)Consultant agrees that he will promptly disclose to the Company, or any persons designated by the Company, all improvements
and Inventions relating to, involving or based on Companys information, technologies or the Services that are made or conceived
or reduced to practice or learned by him/her, either alone or jointly with others, during the Term.

(f)Consultant
agrees that the Company shall be entitled to enjoin any breach of the confidentiality and other obligations hereunder without having
to post a bond in addition to all other remedies it may have under applicable law. Consultant will notify the Company in writing immediately
upon the occurrence of any unauthorized release of any Confidential and Proprietary Information or other breach of any of the obligations
under this Section 5 of which it is or becomes aware.

Section 6. Insider Trading.
Consultant recognizes that in the course of his duties hereunder, Consultant may receive from the Company or others information that may
be considered material, nonpublic information concerning a public company that is subject to the reporting requirements of
the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Consultant agrees NOT to: (a) purchase or sell, directly or indirectly, any
securities of any company while in possession of relevant material, nonpublic information relating to such company received from the Company
or others in connection herewith; (b) provide Company with information with respect to any public company that may be considered material,
nonpublic information; or (c) communicate any material, nonpublic information to any other person in which it is reasonably foreseeable
that such person is likely to (i) purchase or sell securities of any company with respect to which such information relates, or (ii) otherwise
directly or indirectly benefit from such information. Without limiting any of the confidentiality and insider trading obligations included
in this Agreement, Consultant shall not discuss any information concerning Company obtained by Consultant in the course of performing
the Services with any financial, securities or industry analyst or with the media without the written agreement of Company.

Section 7. Representations, Warranties
and Covenants of Consultant. The Consultant hereby represents, warrants and covenants to the Company as follows:

(a)Neither
the execution or delivery of this Agreement nor the performance by Consultant of his duties and other obligations hereunder violate or
will violate any statute, law, determination or award, or conflict with or constitute a default or breach of any covenant or obligation
under (whether immediately, upon the giving of notice or lapse of time or both) any prior employment agreement, contract, or other instrument
to which Consultant is a party or by which he is bound.

(b)Consultant has the full right, power and legal capacity to enter and deliver this Agreement, as applicable, and to perform
his duties and other obligations hereunder. This Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of Consultant enforceable
against him/her in accordance with its terms. No approvals or consents of any persons or entities are required for Consultant to execute
and deliver this Agreement, as applicable, or perform his duties and other obligations hereunder.

4

(c)Consultant
represents that his performance of all the terms of this Agreement will not breach any agreement to keep in confidence any confidential
information or trade secrets acquired by Consultant from any third party, and Consultant agrees not to use any confidential information
or trade secrets of any third party in connection with the provision of the Services in violation of the agreements under which he had
access to or knowledge of such confidential information or trade secrets.

(d)Consultant
hereby represents that he (i) has not been debarred and (ii) to the best of Consultants knowledge, is not under consideration
to be disbarred by the Food and Drug Administration (the FDA) or any other government agency from working in or
providing services to any pharmaceutical or biotechnology company. Consultant shall notify the Company immediately if, during the Term,
Consultant comes under investigation by the FDA for debarment or disqualification or is debarred or disqualified. Consultant shall notify
the Company immediately if the FDA or any other regulatory authority requests permission to or does inspect Consultants records
in connection with the Services provided under this Agreement, and Consultant will deliver to the Company promptly all materials, correspondence,
statements, forms, and records which Consultant receives, obtains or generates pursuant to any such inspection.

(e)Consultant
will not use any confidential information or trade secrets of any third party in his employment by Company in violation of the terms
of the agreements under which he had access to or knowledge of such confidential information or trade secrets.

(f)During
the Term of this Agreement and for a period of one-year thereafter, if Consultant uses, recommends, or comments upon the attributes of
any Company product or service in connection with the treatment of a patient, a scientific or educational presentation or publication,
a media interview, or any other third-party communication or interaction, Consultant shall disclose that Consultant is or has been a
paid consultant of Company and the fact of any other of Consultants financial relationships with Company.

Section 8. Non-Circumvention.
Consultant acknowledges that the Company regards the identity of the technologies, potential products and business partners evaluated
by it to be a trade secret. Consultant agrees during the Term and for a period of one year thereafter not to contact any such business
partners or parties (including any of their officers, directors, employees, agents, affiliates and/or consultants) who hold rights to
such technologies and potential products without the presence of an officer of the Company or without the prior written consent of an
officer of the Company, and Consultant further agrees not to take any action which would adversely affect or otherwise hinder the Companys
ability to ultimately execute any agreements with such parties. In addition, Consultant agrees not to circumvent, avoid, bypass or obviate
the Company directly or indirectly regarding the Confidential and Proprietary Information disclosed in connection with the Services and
any possible business arrangement envisioned thereby.

5

Section 9. Consultant
not an Employee. Company and Consultant hereby acknowledge and agree that Consultant shall perform the services hereunder as
an independent contractor and not as an employee or agent of Company or any Company affiliate. Consultant will be solely responsible
for all taxes, withholding and other similar statutory obligations. Consultant shall not represent that he is an employee of Company
or any Company affiliate under any circumstance. In addition, nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as establishing any joint
venture, partnership or other business relationship between the parties hereto or representing any commitment by either party to
enter into any other agreement by implication or otherwise except as specifically stated herein. Consultant shall not have any
authority, express or implied, to bind Company or any Company affiliate to any agreement, contract, or other commitment. Consultant
further understands and agrees that this Agreement is entered into by Company on a non-exclusive basis and that Company and its
affiliates remain free to deal with others and retain other consultants, employees, brokers, finders and other agents in the same or
similar capacity as Consultant has been retained at any time at their own option.

Section 10. Miscellaneous.

This Agreement shall be governed by, and
construed and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the State of North Carolina, without giving effect to its principles of conflicts
of laws.

Any dispute arising out
of, or relating to, this Agreement or the breach thereof (other than Section 5 hereof), or regarding the interpretation thereof,
shall be finally settled by arbitration conducted in Charlotte, North Carolina in accordance with the rules of the American
Arbitration Association then in effect before a single arbitrator appointed in accordance with such rules. Judgment upon any award
rendered therein may be entered and enforcement obtained thereon in any court having jurisdiction. The arbitrator shall have
authority to grant any form of appropriate relief, whether legal or equitable in nature, including specific performance. For the
purpose of any judicial proceeding to enforce such award or incidental to such arbitration or to compel arbitration and for purposes
of Section 5 hereof, the parties hereby submit to the exclusive venue and personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts
located in Charlotte, North Carolina, and agree that service of process in such arbitration or court proceedings shall be
satisfactorily made upon it if sent by registered mail addressed to it at the address referred to in paragraph (g) below. The costs
of such arbitration shall be borne proportionate to the finding of fault as determined by the arbitrator.

This Agreement shall be binding upon and
inure to the benefit of the parties hereto, and their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors and permitted assigns.

This Agreement, and Consultants
rights and obligations hereunder, may not be assigned, delegated or otherwise subcontracted by Consultant. The Company may assign its
rights, together with its obligations, hereunder in connection with any sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all
of its business or assets.

This Agreement cannot be amended orally,
or by any course of conduct or dealing, but only by a written agreement signed by the parties hereto.

The failure of either
party to insist upon the strict performance of any of the terms, conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall not be construed
as a waiver or relinquishment of future compliance therewith, and such terms, conditions and provisions shall remain in full force
and effect. No waiver of any term or condition of this Agreement on the part of either party shall be effective for any purpose
whatsoever unless such waiver is in writing and signed by such party.

6

All notices, demands or other communications
desired or required to be given by any party to any other party hereto shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given upon
(i) personal delivery to the party to be notified, (ii) upon confirmation of receipt of telecopy or other electronic facsimile transmission,
(iii) one business day after deposit with a reputable overnight courier, prepaid for priority overnight delivery, or (iv) five days after
deposit with the United States Post Office, postage prepaid, in each case to such party at the address set forth above, or to such other
addresses and to the attention of such other individuals as any party shall have designated to the other parties by notice given in the
foregoing manner.

This Agreement sets forth the entire
agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior agreements, arrangements and
understandings, written or oral, relating to the subject matter hereof. No representation, promise or inducement has been made by either
party that is not embodied in this Agreement, and neither party shall be bound by or liable for any alleged representation, promise or
inducement not so set forth.

As used in this Agreement, affiliate
of a specified person or entity shall mean and include any person or entity controlling, controlled by or under common control with the
specified Person.

The section headings contained herein
are for reference purposes only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

This Agreement may be executed in
any number of counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

(l) As
used in this Agreement, the masculine, feminine or neuter gender, and the singular or plural, shall be deemed to include the others whenever
and wherever the context so requires. Additionally, unless the context requires otherwise, or is not exclusive.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally
Left Blank Signature Page Follows]

7

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above by proper person thereunto duly authorized.

ADAPTIN BIO, INC.

By: /s/ Michael J. Roberts

Name: Michael J. Roberts

Title: CEO

CONSULTANT

/s/ L. Arthur Hewitt

L. Arthur Hewitt

8
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-14.1
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>ea023016901ex14-1_adaptin.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CODE OF ETHICS AND BUSINESS CONDUCT
<TEXT>
Exhibit
14.1

Code of
Ethics and Business Conduct of

Adaptin Bio, Inc.

Adopted as of February
11, 2025

I. INTRODUCTION AND GENERAL POLICY

Adaptin Bio,
Inc. (the Company) is committed to the highest standards of legal and ethical business conduct, and seeks
to foster an environment of awareness where the prompt reporting of any unethical or illegal behavior or any violations of our corporate
policies is encouraged and dealt with fairly. Ethical conduct is an inherent obligation of our directors, officers and employees. Accordingly,
we have adopted this Code of Ethics and Business Conduct (the Code) to promote the high standards of ethical
conduct we value.

This Code does
not cover every issue that may arise, but is intended to provide a basic summary of the legal, ethical and regulatory principles that
should guide the conduct of all our directors, officers and employees.

We expect each
of our directors, officers and employees to read and become familiar with and agree to follow the ethical standards described in this
Code. A directors, officers or employees failure to fulfill his or her responsibilities under this Code may result
in disciplinary action, up to and possibly including immediate termination.

This Code requires at a minimum:

(1) Honest, prudent and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or
apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships;

(2) Full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosures in reports and documents
that we file with, or submit to, the Securities and Exchange Commission and in any other of our public communications;

(3) Compliance with our other corporate policies and with applicable governmental laws,
rules and regulations;

(4) The prompt internal reporting of violations of this Code, including any illegal
activity, to the appropriate person or persons identified in this Code; and

(5) Accountability for adherence to this Code.

II. CONFLICTS OF INTEREST AND CORPORATE OPPORTUNITIES

Our directors,
officers and employees should not be involved in any activity that creates or gives the appearance of a conflict of interest. A conflict
of interest exists when a persons private interest interferes, or appears to interfere, in any way with the interests of
the Company. A conflict situation can arise when a director, officer or employee takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult
to perform his or her work for the Company objectively and effectively. Conflicts of interest also arise when an employee, officer or
director (or a member of their family) receives improper personal benefits as a result of their position in the Company.

Accordingly,
directors, officers and employees are prohibited from taking for their own personal gain opportunities that are discovered through the
use of the Companys property, information or position, without the written consent of our Board of Directors.

A conflict situation
may arise when a director, officer or employee has a financial interest, including significant stock ownership, in any entity with which
we do business. Conflicts of interest also may arise when a director, officer or employee, or members of his or her family, receives improper
personal benefits as a result of his or her position in the Company. Loans to, or guarantees of obligations of, directors, officers or
employees, or their family members, by the Company or any entity with which we do business, may create conflicts of interest. Loans by
the Company to, or guarantees by the Company of obligations of, any director or executive officer (or their family members) are expressly
prohibited.

It is almost
always a conflict of interest for a director, officer or employee to have other duties, responsibilities or obligations that run counter
to his or her duty to the Company, such as working or providing service simultaneously for a competitor, customer, supplier or other business.
The best policy is to avoid any direct or indirect business connection with the Companys customers, suppliers or competitors, or
with any other outside business, except on behalf of the Company.

Directors, officers
and employees should notify in writing the appropriate person or persons identified in Section VII of this Code of the existence of any
actual or potential conflict of interest.

III. FAIR DEALING

We require
our directors, officers and employees to deal honestly and fairly with, and respect the rights of, our customers, suppliers, competitors
and other third parties. Stealing proprietary information, possessing trade secret information that was obtained without the owners
consent or inducing such disclosures by past or present employees of other companies is prohibited. Each director, officer and employee
should endeavor to make our contracts, advertising, literature and other public statements clear and precise and to eliminate any misstatement
of fact or misleading impressions. No director, officer or employee should take unfair advantage of anyone through manipulation, concealment,
abuse of privileged information, misrepresentation of material facts or any other unfair-dealing practice.

No bribes, kickbacks
or any other form of improper payment, direct or indirect, should ever be offered, given, provided or accepted by any director, officer
or employee, their family members or agents. In addition, no gifts, favors or business entertainment should ever be offered, given, provided
or accepted by any director, officer or employee, their family members or agents, unless it:

(1) is not a cash gift;

(2) is consistent with customary business practices;

(3) is of nominal value;

(4) cannot be construed as a bribe or payoff; and

(5) does not otherwise violate our corporate policies or any laws or regulations.

IV. RECORD-KEEPING AND PUBLIC DISCLOSURES

We require honest
and accurate recording and reporting of information. All of our books, records, accounts and financial statements must be maintained in
reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect our transactions, not contain false or misleading entries, comply with generally accepted
accounting principles at all times and conform both to applicable legal requirements and to our system of internal accounting controls.
Unrecorded or off the books funds, work, or assets should not be maintained unless permitted by applicable law or regulation.

We expect our
directors, officers and employees to notify our Chief Financial Officer in writing of any:

(1) material information or unreported transactions that affect the disclosures made
in our public filings;

(2) information concerning significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of our internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect our ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and

(3) fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who
have a significant role in our internal control over financial reporting.

Directors, officers
and employees should avoid exaggeration, derogatory remarks, guesswork, and inappropriate characterizations of people and companies in
their e-mail, correspondence, internal memos, reports and other records and communications, as these things often become public and can
be easily misunderstood. Records always should be retained or destroyed according to our record retention policies. No director, officer
or employee should communicate to the public any material, nonpublic information except through our Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial
Officer.

2

V.COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND CORPORATE POLICIES

We expect our
directors, officers and employees to respect and obey the law, both in letter and spirit. We expect our directors, officers and employees
to be committed to, among other things:

(1) maintaining a safe and healthy work environment;

(2) promoting a workplace that is free from discrimination or harassment based on race,
color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability or other factors that are unrelated to our business interests;

(3) supporting fair competition and laws prohibiting restraints of trade and other
unfair trade practices;

(4) conducting our activities in full compliance with all applicable environmental
laws;

(5) keeping the political activities of our directors, officers and employees separate
from our business;

(6) prohibiting any direct or indirect illegal payments, gifts, favors or gratuities
to any government officials, candidates or political parties;

(7) prohibiting the unauthorized use, reproduction, or distribution of any third partys
trade secrets, copyrighted information or confidential information;

(8) prohibiting the sale or export, either directly or through our representatives,
of our products to countries where technology related goods such as ours may not be sold; and

(9) complying with all applicable state and federal securities laws.

Our directors,
officers and employees are prohibited from trading our securities while in possession of material, nonpublic (inside) information
about the Company.

We encourage our
directors, officers and employees to seek advice regarding the details of the policies, laws, rules and regulations with which they must
comply, by submitting a written request to our Chief Financial Officer.

VI. CONFIDENTIALITY AND CORPORATE ASSETS

Our directors, officers
and employees are entrusted with our confidential information and with the confidential information of our suppliers, customers or other
business partners. This information may include without limitation:

(1) trade secrets, patents, trademarks, copyrights, and other proprietary information
and ideas;

(2) technical or scientific information about current and future products, services
or research;

(3) business, marketing or service plans or projections;

(4) earnings and other internal financial data;

(5) personnel information;

(6) supply and customer lists; and

(7) other non-public information that, if disclosed, might be of use to our competitors,
or harmful to our suppliers, customers or other business partners.

This information
is our property, or the property of our suppliers, customers or business partners, and in many cases was developed at great expense. Our
directors, officers and employees must not discuss or disclose confidential information with, in the presence of, or to any unauthorized
persons, including family members and friends, and must not use confidential information or other Company property or resources for personal
gain, for the personal benefit of anyone else, or for anything other than our legitimate business purposes.

These obligations
are described in our proprietary information and inventions agreement that we require every director, officer and employee to execute
upon commencement of service to the Company.

3

VII. REPORTING AND CONSEQUENCES OF VIOLATIONS

Reporting Violations and Asking Questions

We hold all
directors, officers and employees individually responsible for carrying out and monitoring compliance with this Code. Except as provided
in the paragraph below, directors and officers immediately should report in writing any known or suspected illegal or unethical
behavior to the Chair of our Audit Committee, and employees who are not directors or officers immediately should report in writing
any known or suspected illegal or unethical behavior to our Board of Directors or appropriate management representative. When in doubt,
we encourage directors, officers and employees to seek counseling about the best course of action to take in any particular situation.

If your complaint,
concern or question pertains to accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters, or financial fraud, securities fraud or
other securities law violations, you should submit the complaint, concern, or question, anonymously if you wish, to our Board of Directors
or to members of our Audit Committee.

Investigations and Non-Retaliation

The person or persons to whom a potential
or actual violation is reported or forwarded will promptly investigate any such violation and will oversee an appropriate response, including
corrective action and preventative measures. The Chair of our Audit Committee or the Chief Executive Officer will be involved when appropriate.
All reports will be treated confidentially to the extent possible.

It is our policy to not allow reprisal
or retaliation of any kind against a director, officer or employee who acts in good faith in reporting any known or suspected illegal
or unethical behavior, or who asks any questions regarding this Code or appropriate actions in light of the Code. All directors, officers
and employees must fully cooperate in internal investigations of misconduct.

Consequences of a Violation

Directors,
officers and employees who violate any laws, governmental regulations, or any provisions of this Code will face appropriate, case-specific
disciplinary action, which may include demotion or immediate discharge. Any director, officer or employee who engages in illegal activity
may be reported to the appropriate governmental authorities.

Administration

Our Board of
Directors has established the standards of business conduct contained in this Code and generally oversee compliance with this Code. Our
Board of Directors or Audit Committee is responsible for updating these standards as they deem appropriate to reflect changes in the legal
and regulatory framework applicable to the Company, the business practices within our industry, our own business practices and the prevailing
ethical standards of the communities in which we operate. Our Audit Committee will oversee the procedures designed to implement this Code
to ensure that they are operating effectively.

VIII. CHANGES IN OR WAIVERS OF THE CODE

Any change
in or waiver of this Code for directors or officers (including our president, principal executive officer, principal financial officer,
principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions, any vice-president in charge of a principal business
unit, division or function, or any other officer who performs a policy-making function) may be made only in writing by the Companys
Board of Directors. The fact of and reasons for such change or waiver will be publicly disclosed will be posted on our website at adaptinbio.com,
or if required, will be publicly disclosed in a Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission within four
business days of such change or waiver. No waiver shall be granted except where necessary and warranted, and where such waiver is limited
and qualified so as to protect the Company to the greatest extent possible.

The text of this
Code, and any changes in or waivers of this Code, will be posted on our website at adaptinbio.com.

4

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

I have read and
understand the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct of Adaptin Bio, Inc. (the Code). I will adhere in all respects
to the ethical standards described in the Code. I further confirm my understanding that any violation of the Code will subject me to appropriate
disciplinary action, which may include demotion or discharge.

I certify to
Adaptin Bio, Inc. that I am not in violation of the Code, unless I have noted such violation in a signed Statement of Exceptions attached
to this Compliance Certificate.

Unless indicated below, 

Date: 

(Signature)

Print Name: 

Title/Position: 

Check one of the following:

A Statement of Exceptions is attached.

No Statement of Exceptions is attached.

Check one of the following:

I am not aware of any violations of the Code.

I wish to report the following violations of this Code:

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-16.1
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>ea023016901ex16-1_adaptin.htm
<DESCRIPTION>LETTER FROM KNAV CPA LLP AS TO THE CHANGE IN CERTIFYING ACCOUNTANT, DATED FEBRUARY 18, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 16.1

February 18, 2025

Securities and Exchange Commission

100 F Street, N.E. 

Washington, DC 20549

Commission File Number: 000-56583

Dear Sirs,

We have received a copy of, and are in
agreement with, the statements being made by Adaptin Bio, Inc. (formerly Unite Acquisition 1 Corp.) under Item 4.01 of its Form 8-K
dated February 18, 2025, insofar as it relates to our firm. We are not in a position to agree or disagree with other statements of
Adaptin Bio, Inc. (formerly Unite Acquisition 1 Corp.) contained therein.

We hereby consent to the filing of this letter
as an exhibit to the foregoing report on Form 8-K.

Very truly yours, 

/s/ KNAV CPA LLP 

KNAV CPA LLP 

Atlanta, Georgia 

February 18, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21.1
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>ea023016901ex21-1_adaptin.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 21.1

List of Subsidiaries of Adaptin Bio, Inc.

Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Incorporation

Adaptin Acquisition Co. Delaware
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>ea023016901ex99-1_adaptin.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF PRIVATE ADAPTIN FOR THE FISCAL YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

ADAPTIN
bio, Inc.

FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

For
the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022

ADAPTIN
BIO, INC.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Financial
Statements 

report
of independent registered public accounting firm F-3

Balance
Sheets F-4

Statements
of OPERATIONS f-5

Statements
of Changes in stockholders DEFICIT f-6

Statements
of Cash Flows f-7

Notes
to Financial Statements f-8

F-2

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

Board of Directors and Stockholders

Adaptin Bio, Inc.

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Adaptin Bio, Inc.
as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for
each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2023,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Substantial Doubt Regarding Going Concern

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that
the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses
from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Managements
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. Our opinion is not modified with respect to this matter.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Companys
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting
firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent
with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB
and in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due
to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for
the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Companys internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly,
we express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures
included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation
of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ WithumSmith+Brown, PC

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2023.

East Brunswick, New Jersey

January 8, 2025

F-3

ADAPTIN BIO, INC.

BALANCE SHEETS

AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022

2023 2022 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash $ 4,754 $ 50 

Total assets $ 4,754 $ 50 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable - trade $ 280,337 $ 7,402 

Accrued expenses 198,599 2,100 

Notes Payable, net of debt issuance costs 469,762 - 

Accrued interest 33,615 - 

Total current liabilities 982,313 9,502 

Total liabilities 982,313 9,502 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Common Stock, $0.001 par value, 10,000 shares authorized, 1,505 shares issued and oustanding as of
December 31, 2023 and 1,430 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 1 1 

Additional Paid-in Capital 24,115 10,419 

Accumulated deficit (1,001,675 ) (19,872 )

Total stockholders deficit (977,559 ) (9,452 )

Total liabilities and stockholders deficit $ 4,754 $ 50 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

F-4

ADAPTIN BIO, INC. 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022

2023 2022 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Research and development $ 510,356 $ - 

General and administrative 366,960 11,772 

Total Operating Expenses 877,316 11,772 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS (877,316 ) (11,772 )

Interest Expense 104,487 - 

Net loss before provision for income taxes (981,803 ) (11,772 )

Provision for income taxes - - 

NET LOSS $ (981,803 ) $ (11,772 )

NET LOSS PER SHARE 

Net
loss per common share, basic and diluted $ (655.41 ) $ (8.23 )

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding 1,498 1,430 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

F-5

ADAPTIN
BIO, INC.

STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Common Stock Additional Paid-In Accumulated Total Stockholders 

Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 1,430 $ 1 $ 6,836 $ (8,100 ) $ (1,263 )

Other
Capital Contributions - - 3,583 - 3,583 

Net
loss - - - (11,772 ) (11,772 )

Balance as of December 31, 2022 1,430 1 10,419 (19,872 ) (9,452 )

Common stock issued 75 - 13,189 - 13,189 

Other Capital Contributions - - 507 - 507 

Net loss - - - (981,803 ) (981,803 )

Balance as of December 31, 2023 1,505 $ 1 $ 24,115 $ (1,001,675 ) $ (977,559 )

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

F-6

ADAPTIN BIO, INC. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022

2023 2022 

CASH FLOWS USED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss $ (981,803 ) $ (11,772 )

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Issuance of common stock for license agreement 13,189 - 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 70,872 - 

Payment of operating expenses as additional paid-in capital by founders 507 3,583 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts payable - trade 272,935 6,391 

Accrued expenses 230,114 1,848 

Net cash provided by (used by) operating activities (394,186 ) 50 

CASH FLOWS PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from Notes Payable 500,000 - 

Payment of debt issuance costs (101,110 ) - 

Net cash provided by financing activities 398,890 - 

NET INCREASE IN CASH 4,704 50 

Cash - Beginning of Year 50 - 

CASH - END OF YEAR $ 4,754 $ 50 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid for income taxes $ - $ - 

Cash paid for interest expense $ - $ - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

F-7

ADAPTIN BIO, INC.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022

NOTE 1 NATURE OF OPERATIONS

Adaptin
Bio, Inc., a Delaware corporation, was founded as Centaur Bio, Inc. in 2021, (the Company) and changed its name in 2024.
The Company is dedicated to the development and commercialization of products utilizing novel technology that enhances the delivery of
drugs and other compounds to the brain and other tissues for a variety of indications. The Companys novel technology was originally
developed by researchers in the Department of Neurosurgery at Duke University and licensed by the Company in 2023. (See Note 8).

For
many drugs and diagnostic agents, no readily available technology permits effective delivery of a broad range of difficult-to-deliver
drugs to specific areas of the body. The Companys technology is engineered to facilitate the transport of therapeutics to tissues
of interest, including the brain, potentially generating improved treatments for solid tumors and central nervous system (CNS)
disorders.

The
first application of the Companys precision medicine technology is a Brain Bispecific T Cell Engager (BRiTE). BRiTE
focuses on the transport of difficult-to-deliver T cell targeting agents across the blood brain barrier, allowing access to the brain.
BRiTE is a translatable method to specifically target malignant glioma using a tumor-specific, fully human bispecific antibody that redirects
patients own T cells to recognize and destroy tumor cells. The lead product, APTN-101, a proprietary EGFRvIII x CD3 BRiTE, has
shown the ability to eliminate malignant glioma tumors in a variety of aggressive preclinical orthotopic tumor models and the Company
intends to complete IND-enabling pre-clinical studies and initiate the first-in-human studies in 2025.

GOING
CONCERN

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction
of liabilities in the normal course of business. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had cash on hand of $4,754 and an accumulated deficit
of $1,001,675. The Company intends to continue the conduct of significant development activities that began in 2023 which, together with
expenses incurred for general and administrative expenses, are expected to result in continuing operating losses for the foreseeable
future. The amount of future losses and when, if ever, the Company will achieve profitability are uncertain. The Companys ability
to achieve profitability will depend, among other things, on successfully completing clinical studies, obtaining requisite regulatory
approvals, establishing appropriate pricing for its product with payers, and raising sufficient funds to finance the Companys
activities. No assurance can be given that the Companys clinical development efforts will be successful, that regulatory approvals
will be obtained, or that the Company will be able to achieve appropriate pricing and market access or that profitability, if achieved,
can be sustained. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Companys ability to continue as a going concern. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments related to the outcome of this uncertainty.

Management
has evaluated the Companys operating plan against its existing cash and determined that the Company expects to be unable to support
its operations and fund its obligations for the next twelve months from the date of issuance of these financial statements. The Companys
ability to execute its operating plan depends on the Companys ability to obtain additional funding through equity offerings and
debt financings. The Company plans to continue to fund its losses from operations through cash and cash equivalents on hand, as well
as through future equity offerings, debt financings, or other third-party funding. There can be no assurance that additional funds will
be available when needed from any source or, if available, will be available on terms that are acceptable to the Company. Even if the
Company raises additional capital, it may also be required to modify, delay or abandon some of its plans which could have a material
adverse effect on the business, operating results and financial condition and its ability to achieve its intended business objectives.
Any of these actions could materially harm the business, results of operations and future prospects.

F-8

ADAPTIN
BIO, INC.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022

NOTE 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Basis
of Presentation

The
accompanying financial statements of the Company have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America (GAAP). Any reference in these notes to applicable guidance is meant to refer to the authoritative
GAAP as found in the Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) and Accounting Standards Update (ASU) of the
Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB). These financial statements are presented in U.S. Dollars as that is the Companys
functional currency.

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of expenses during the reporting period. Actual
results could differ from those estimates.

Significant
estimates and assumptions reflected in the financial statements relate to and include, but are not limited to, the fair value of common
stock and other assumptions used to measure share-based consideration transferred for acquired assets under the Duke License (See Note
5 and Note 8), and prepaid expenses and accrued liabilities that are measured based on progress toward completion of research and development
projects.

Future
events and their effects cannot be predicted with certainty; accordingly, accounting estimates require the exercise of judgment. Accounting
estimates used in the preparation of these financial statements change as new events occur, as more experience is acquired, as additional
information is obtained and as the operating environment changes.

Segments

Operating
segments are identified as components of an enterprise about which separate discrete financial information is available for evaluation
by the chief operating decision-maker in making decisions regarding resource allocation and assessing performance. The Company views
its operations and manages its business as a single segment.

Cash
and Cash Equivalents

The
Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of 90 days or less on the date of purchase to be cash equivalents.
The carrying value of cash and cash equivalents approximates fair value due to the short-term nature of these items.

Currently,
all cash is deposited in one financial institution. The balances are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to
certain limits. In the event there is cash in the bank, it may, at times, exceed FDIC insurable limits. Any loss incurred or a lack of
access to such funds could have a significant adverse impact on the Companys financial position.

F-9

ADAPTIN
BIO, INC.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022

Derivative
Liability

The
Company does not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. The Company analyzes
all financial instruments, including its convertible debt under the FASB ASC Topic No. 815 Derivatives and Hedging (ASC 815)
to determine if such instruments contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. The accounting treatment of derivative financial
instruments requires that the Company record embedded conversion options and any related freestanding instruments at their fair values
as of the inception date of the agreement and at fair value as of each subsequent balance sheet date. Any increase or decrease in the
fair value would be recorded in the results of operations within other income/expense as change in fair value of derivative liabilities.
The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is reassessed
at the end of each reporting period.

Upon
conversion or repayment of a debt or equity instrument in exchange for equity shares, where the embedded conversion option has been bifurcated
and accounted for as a derivative liability (generally convertible debt), the Company would record the equity shares at fair value on
the date of conversion, relieve all related debt, derivative liabilities, and unamortized debt discounts, and recognize a net gain
or loss on debt extinguishment, if any.

Accrued
Expense

Accrued
expenses consist primarily of research and development, legal, consulting and license-related fees.

Research
and Development

Research
and development costs are charged to expense as costs are incurred in performing research and development activities. To date, the Companys
research and development costs consist primarily of costs related to obtaining the license to its technology (see Notes 1 and 8) and
conducting pre-clinical IND-enabling activities. It is anticipated that additional expenses in future periods for both pre-clinical and
clinical activities will consist primarily of fees paid to contract research organizations (CROs) and to contract manufacturing organizations
(CMOs).

Research
and development expenses include direct costs associated with pre-clinical activities and will, in future periods, include direct costs
associated with CROs, direct CMO costs for the formulation and packaging of trial material, as well as investigator and patient related
costs at sites at which the Companys clinical trials will be conducted. Direct costs associated with the Companys CROs
and CMOs are generally payable on a time and materials basis, or when milestones are achieved. The invoicing from third-party vendors
can be for work performed on a time and material basis or reflecting milestones outlined in the initial contract for services and may
not reflect actual work performed as of a specific measurement date. The Company records expenses for its pre-clinical and clinical activities
performed by third parties based upon estimates of the percentage of work completed of the total work over the life of the individual
study in accordance with agreements established with the third-party vendors. The Company determines the estimates through discussions
with development personnel, third-party vendors as to the progress or stage of completion of trials or services and the agreed upon fee
to be paid for such services based on facts and circumstances known to the Company as of each balance sheet date. The actual costs and
timing of clinical trials are highly uncertain, subject to risks and may change depending upon a number of factors, including the Companys
clinical development plan. If the actual timing of the performance of services of the level of effort varies from the estimate, the Company
will adjust the accrual accordingly. If the receipt of invoices is in advance of estimated work performed, the Company will record a
prepaid expense as of the measurement date.

F-10

ADAPTIN
BIO, INC.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022

Research
and development expenses also include the cost of in-process research and development (IPR&D) assets purchased in an
asset acquisition transaction. IPR&D assets are expensed unless the assets acquired are deemed to have an alternative future use,
provided that the acquired assets did not also include processes or activities that would constitute a business as defined under US GAAP,
the technology has not received regulatory approval for marketing and, absent obtaining such approval, has no established alternative
future use. Acquired IPR&D payments are immediately expensed in the period in which they are incurred and include upfront payments,
as well as subsequent pre-commercial milestone payments. Research and development costs after the acquisition are expensed as incurred.
The costs associated with maintaining the patents after the acquisition are the responsibility of the Company and will be expensed as
incurred as a general and administrative expense.

Income
Taxes

Deferred
income taxes are provided on temporary differences between financial statement and income tax reporting. Temporary differences are differences
between the amounts of assets and liabilities reported for financial statement and income tax purposes.

Deferred
tax assets are recognized for temporary differences that will be deductible in future years tax returns and for operating loss
and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets are recognized only if it is more likely than not that a tax position will be realized
or sustained upon examination by the relevant taxing authority. A tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold
is initially and subsequently measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized
upon settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information.

Deferred
tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if it is deemed more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will
not be realized. Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for temporary differences that will be taxable in future years.

Net
Loss per Share

Basic
net loss per common share is calculated by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period,
without consideration for potentially dilutive securities. For the periods presented, basic and diluted net loss per common share are
identical as there are currently no potentially dilutive securities issued by the Company.

F-11

ADAPTIN
BIO, INC.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022

Recently
Adopted Accounting Pronouncements

In
November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07, Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures, effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted.
While the Company operates as a single segment, it anticipates that there may be additional disclosures required under ASU 2023-07. The
Company continues to evaluate the effect of adopting this new accounting guidance on its financial statements but does not intend to
early adopt.

In
December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures (ASU 2023-09).
The amendments in this update require that public business entities on an annual basis (1) disclose specific categories in the rate reconciliation
and (2) provide additional information for reconciling items that meet a quantitative threshold (if the effect of those reconciling items
is equal to or greater than 5 percent of the amount computed by multiplying pretax income [or loss] by the applicable statutory income
tax rate). The amendments also require entities on an annual basis to disclose disaggregated amounts of income taxes paid. ASU 2023-09
is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted for annual financial statements that have
not yet been issued or made available for issuance. The Company is evaluating the effect of adopting this new accounting guidance on
its financial statements but does not intend to early adopt. The Company does not currently believe that adoption will have a material
impact on its financial statements.

The
Company has also considered other recent accounting pronouncements and concluded that they are either not applicable to the business
or that the effect is not expected to be material to the financial statements as a result of future adoption.

Significant
Risks and Uncertainties

The
Company is subject to challenges and risks specific to its business and its ability to execute on its strategy, as well as risks and
uncertainties common to companies in the pharmaceutical industry, including, without limitation, risks and uncertainties associated with:
obtaining regulatory approval of its product candidate; delays or problems in the supply of its study drug or failure to comply with
manufacturing regulations; identifying, acquiring or in-licensing product candidates; pharmaceutical product development and the inherent
uncertainty of clinical success; and the challenges of protecting and enhancing its intellectual property rights; and complying with
applicable regulatory requirements.

Further,
the Company may be impacted by general economic, political, and market conditions, including overall fluctuations in the financial markets
in the U.S. and abroad.

F-12

ADAPTIN
BIO, INC.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022

NOTE 3 ACCRUED LIABILITIES

Accrued
liabilities comprised the following as of December 31, 2023 and 2022:

2023 2022 

Accrued professional fees $ 3,596 $ - 

Accrued consulting fees 3,604 1,800 

Accrued legal fees 629 - 

Accrued fees of license agreement 163,565 - 

Accrued research and development 26,905 - 

Accrued franchise taxes 300 300 

$ 198,599 $ 2,100 

NOTE 4 NOTES PAYABLE

In
April 2023, the Company entered into Securities Purchase Agreements with accredited investors that provides for an aggregate of up to
$500,000, 10% secured promissory notes payable to the investors with a term of twelve months from the issuance date (or prepayable in
the event of a Qualified Offering) (the 2023 Senior Debt). A Qualified Offering is defined under these agreements as the
closing of the first offering (public or private) by the Company after the original issue date of its Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
with gross proceeds to the Company (before underwriter, placement agent or broker discounts and commissions and expenses of the offering)
of $5,000,000 or more. Additionally, the Securities Purchase Agreement provides the buyers to be issued Warrants, exercisable beginning
on the closing of a Qualified Offering. These Warrants have an exercise price of the price of a Common Share equal to the Qualified Offering
price and have a term of five years from the closing of a Qualified Offering. As of December 31, 2023, the Company has issued an aggregate
of $500,000 in 2023 Senior Debt. In addition, the Company incurred debt issuance costs of $101,110 which will be amortized over the life
of the loans with such amortization recorded as interest expense. As of December 31, 2023, the notes, net of unamortized debt issuance
costs, total $469,762. Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2023 was $104,487 including $33,615 of interest expense and $70,872
of amortization of debt issuance costs.

As
the terms of the Qualified Offering are not yet determined the Company is unable to determine the number or pricing of the warrants.
At issuance, these warrants are generally not a liability within the scope of ASC 480 if it is within the reporting entitys control
to decide whether it will enter into a Qualified Offering and, if so, at what terms. Accordingly, the Company has determined that there
will be no accounting recognition of these warrants until the terms of the Qualified Offering are determined and the Qualified Offering
has closed. Once the terms of the Qualified Offering are known, the Company may be able to estimate the value and begin to evaluate the
accounting implications (liability vs equity), however, that will not become final until the Qualified Offering closes.

NOTE 5 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Litigation

While
there is currently no ongoing litigation, the Company may, from time to time, be involved in various legal matters that arise in the
ordinary course of business. Should matters arise, management will then make a determination as to the ultimate disposition of these
matters and measure if it could have a material adverse effect on the Companys financial position, results of operations or liquidity.

F-13

ADAPTIN
BIO, INC.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022

License
Agreement

In
January 2023, the Company entered into a patent license agreement with Duke University and the National Cancer Institute, under the agency
of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (the Duke License) for an exclusive, world-wide, sub-licensable license
to the technology more fully described in Note 1 and Note 8. The Duke License was amended in August 2024 to include improvements within
the definitions of patent rights and technical information. As a component of the Duke License, the Company agreed to make payments based
on clinical and commercial milestones and continuing royalty payments on any sales made after approval by regulatory authorities. These
milestones include initiation of Phase II or Phase III clinical trials, submission of applications for market approval in multiple jurisdictions
including the US, EU and Japan and the initiation of post-approval commercial sales in the same jurisdictions. Based on an assumption
that all milestones related to the current development program are met during the course of the Duke License, these milestone payments
would total approximately $11.7 million. As of December 31, 2023, the Company has not met any milestones as defined in the agreement
and, accordingly, has recorded no expense or liability related to such payments.

The
Company also agreed to pay royalties equal to low- to mid- single digit percentages of annual net sales on a country-by-country and product-by-product
basis subject to downward adjustment to low single digit percentages of our net annual sales in the event there is no valid claim of
a patent for the product, with minimum annual royalty levels established. We also must pay Duke low to mid-double digit percentages of
any sublicensing fees as set forth in the Duke License. The Company has not recorded and does not owe any royalties or sublicensing fees
for the year ended December 31, 2023.

NOTE 6 INCOME TAXES

The
Company believes that there are no uncertain tax positions for which a liability (unrecognized tax benefit) should be recognized. The
federal and state income tax returns of the Company are subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service and state taxing authorities,
generally for three years after they were filed.

The
Company has incurred net operating losses (NOL) for U.S. tax purposes. As of December 31, 2023, the Company has $1,001,674
related to U.S. NOLs that may be carried forward and are available to reduce future taxable income. At December 31, 2022, the U.S. NOLs
were $19,872.

The
NOL carryforwards are subject to review and possible adjustment by the U.S. and state tax authorities. NOL carryforwards may become subject
to an annual limitation in the event of certain cumulative changes in the ownership interest of significant shareholders, as defined
under Section 382 Internal Revenue Code. This could limit the amount of NOLs that the Company can utilize annually to offset future taxable
income or tax liabilities. As of December 31, 2023, the Company has not performed such an analysis evaluating the potential limitation
of the Companys net operating loss carryforwards due to the change in ownership provisions as defined under Sections
382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code. Subsequent ownership changes and proposed future changes to tax rules in respect of the utilization
of losses carried forward may further affect the limitation in future years.

F-14

ADAPTIN
BIO, INC.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022

Deferred
income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial
reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. The net deferred tax assets have not been recognized in these financial
statements because the criteria for recognition of these assets were not met. Accordingly, the Company has recorded a valuation allowance
against its deferred tax assets for the year ended December 31, 2022 of $4,670 and subsequently increased that valuation allowance by
$230,724 to $235,394 for the year ended December 31, 2023 related to the increase in the net operating loss carryforwards as the realization
of the deferred tax assets cannot occur until there is future taxable income, the certainty of which cannot be determined.

The
components of the deferred tax assets and the valuation allowance are shown below. The state carryforwards are shown net of federal tax
benefit.

2023 2022 

Deferred tax assets: 

Net operating loss carryforward - Federal $ 210,352 $ 4,173 

Net operating loss carryforward - State 25,042 497 

Total deferred tax assets 235,394 4,670 

Less-Valuation allowance (235,394 ) (4,670 )

$ - $ - 

The
reasons for the difference between actual income tax benefit and the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate
to the losses before income tax benefit are as follows:

2023 2022 

Rate Reconciliation: 

Statutory federal rate 21.00 % 21.00 %

Statutory state rate (net of federal benefit) 2.00 % 2.00 %

Effect of increase in valuation allowance -23.00 % -23.00 %

Effective tax rate 0.00 % 0.00 %

NOTE 7 SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY

Common
Stock

The
Companys Certificate of Incorporation provides the authority to issue common stock, fully voting and participating, with a $0.001
par value, of which 10,000 shares were authorized. In 2021, a total of 1,430 shares were issued to the founding shareholders.

In
February 2023, 75 shares were issued to Duke University pursuant to the Duke License (see Note 8). A total of 1,430 shares were outstanding
as of December 31, 2022 and 1,505 shares are outstanding as of December 31, 2023.

F-15

ADAPTIN
BIO, INC.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022

NOTE 8 LICENSE AGREEMENT

In
January 2023, the Company entered into the Duke License for an exclusive, world-wide, sub-licensable license to the technology more fully
described in Note 1 and Note 5. Under the terms of this agreement, the Company issued a five percent (5%) common stock ownership interest,
or 75 common shares, in the Company at a value of $175.86 per share.

The
estimated fair value of the Companys common stock was determined by a third-party independent valuation firm in accordance with
the guidelines outlined in the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Practice Aid, Valuation of Privately-Held-Company
Equity Securities Issued as Compensation. These valuations took into account numerous factors, including developments at the Company
and market conditions.

Consistent
with FASB ASC 820-10-35-24, if multiple valuation techniques are used to measure fair value, the results (respective indications of fair
value) should be evaluated and weighted, as appropriate, considering the reasonableness of the range indicated by those results. A fair
value measurement is the point within that range that is most representative of fair value in the circumstances. The February 2, 2023
valuation utilized multiple valuation techniques that considered a set of discrete potential liquidity scenarios for the Company, the
value common stock would receive in each scenario, and the time required and risk inherent in achieving those values. The third-party
valuation expert examined the following scenarios for the Company: (i) the net assets of the Company or the Asset Approach; (ii) a recently
executed term sheet related to a proposed merger transaction and capital raise or the Market Approach; and (iii) dissolution or the failure
scenario. The Asset Approach was assumed to be appropriate given the Companys limited operations and expenditures to date as of
the valuation date. The Asset Approach was weighted at 80% assuming continued operations as the funding proposed in the term sheet is
non-binding and the Company has no assurance such funding will occur. The Market Approach utilized a back-solve methodology to determine
the value of the common stock based on the terms outlined in the term sheet assuming the contemplated transaction is consummated and
was weighted at 10% as there is limited or no assurance such transaction will be completed. Finally, the failure scenario was weighted
at 10% assuming that the Company is unable to obtain suitable financing and would discontinue operations.

In
accordance with ASC 805, the license agreement was evaluated and the Company concluded that substantially all of the value acquired is
concentrated in a group of similar identifiable IPR&D assets. Accordingly, it has been accounted for as an asset acquisition as the
technology transferred to the Company had not yet received regulatory approval and the IPR&D did not have an alternative use. The
Company recorded research and development expense related to the issuance of the common stock of $13,189 during the year ended December
31, 2023. In addition, the Company agreed to reimburse the licensor for all patent related costs previously incurred for the technology
prior to the license execution date. The total of these costs was approximately $327,000. The Company expensed these costs in their entirety
upon execution of the Duke License as a research and development expense as they were deemed to be part of the acquisition price of the
IPR&D. Any unpaid amounts are reflected in accrued expenses. Reimbursement for these costs will be made in four equal installments
with the first two payments having been made in 2023. At December 31, 2023, the Company had a remaining liability of $163,565 included
in accrued expenses on the balance sheet. The Company further agreed to make payments based on clinical and commercial milestones and
continuing royalty payments on any sales made after approval by regulatory authorities (See Note 5).

F-16

ADAPTIN
BIO, INC.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022

NOTE 9 RELATED PARTIES

Dr.
Michael Roberts and Dr. Simon Pedder are both shareholders of the Company and the only members of the Companys Board of Directors.

Dr.
Roberts currently owns 1,000 shares of the common stock of the Company, or 66% of outstanding shares. During the year ended December,
31, 2022, Dr. Roberts has directly paid operating expenses of the Company of approximately $2,508 and such payments were recorded as
additional paid-in capital. During the year ended December 31, 2023, Dr. Roberts paid $507 of such expenses on behalf of the Company.
Additionally, the Company paid Dr. Roberts $15,000 and recorded additional accounts payable of $30,000 in consulting fees in 2023.

Dr.
Pedder currently owns 430 shares of the common stock of the Company, or 29% of outstanding shares. During the year ended December 31,
2022, Dr. Pedder has directly paid operating expenses totaling approximately $1,075 and such payments were recorded as additional paid-in
capital. During the year ended December 31, 2023, Dr. Pedder made no such payments on behalf of the Company. Additionally, the Company
paid Dr. Pedder $10,000 and recorded additional accounts payable of $20,000 in consulting fees in 2023.

NOTE 10 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

Convertible
Notes

In
February 2024, the Company entered into Securities Purchase Agreements with certain accredited investors that provide for an aggregate
of up to $1,000,000, 10% secured subordinated convertible promissory notes payable to investors with a term of twelve months from the
issuance date (the 2024 Convertible Debt). Additionally, the Securities Purchase Agreements provide that, upon a Qualified
Offering, the debt together with all accrued but unpaid interest at the date of conversion shall automatically be converted into shares
of the Companys $0.0001 per share par value common stock (the Conversion Shares) at a conversion price equal to
75% of the gross offering price to the investors in the Qualified Offering. A Qualified Offering is defined under these agreements as
the closing of the first offering (public or private) by the Company after the original issue date of its Common Stock or Common Stock
Equivalents with gross proceeds to the Company (before underwriter, placement agent or broker discounts and commissions and expenses
of the offering) of $5,000,000 or more inclusive of the 2023 Senior Debt of $500,000 and the 2024 Convertible Debt of $1.0 million. As
of September 30, 2024, the Company has issued an aggregate of $1,000,000 in 2024 Convertible Debt with maturities ranging from March
2025 to September 2025. In addition, the Company incurred debt issuance costs of approximately $127,510 which will be amortized over
the life of the loans with such amortization recorded as interest expense.

F-17

ADAPTIN BIO, INC.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022

Derivative
Liability

The
Companys 2024 Convertible Debt, together with all accrued but unpaid interest at the date of conversion, shall automatically be
converted into shares of the Companys $0.0001 per share par value common stock (the Conversion Shares) at a conversion
price equal to 75% of the gross offering price to the investors in the Qualified Offering. The Company evaluated this embedded feature
under the guidance of ASC 815 and determined that it required bifurcation of the embedded derivative liability from the underlying debt
at its fair value. While the number of common shares to be issued under these agreements is undetermined, this feature results in a fixed
monetary amount of the settlement with a variable number of Conversion Shares issued. As the price per share under a Qualified Offering
is unknown and the number of shares to be issued is variable, the resulting intrinsic value would be the same regardless of the Conversion
Price. Accounting standards require that the Company recognize the derivative as a liability, based on its underlying instrument, in
the balance sheet and measure the instrument at fair value at each balance sheet date. A change in the market value of the financial
instrument would be recognized as a gain or loss in the results of operations in the period of change.

2024
Convertible Debt Amendment

At
issuance, the 2024 Convertible Debt was convertible into Conversion Shares as more fully detailed above. With the agreement of the holders
of the 2024 Convertible Debt, the Company has amended the 2024 Convertible Debt to be convertible into shares of common stock of either
the Company or any entity that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls the Company. The terms of the conversion
remain as detailed above. A Qualified Offering , as amended, means the closing of the first offering (public or private)
by the Company or its parent after the original issue date of the Companys or its parents common stock with gross proceeds
to the Company or its parent (before underwriter, placement agent or broker discounts and commissions and expenses of the offering) of
$5,000,000 or more inclusive of the 2023 Senior Debt of $500,000 and the 2024 Convertible Debt of $1.0 million.

2023
Senior Debt Modification

In
November 2024, the Company entered into Note Exchange Agreements with the holders of the 2023 Senior Debt (see Note 4) whereby these
10% secured promissory notes payable to holders with a term of twelve months from the issuance date shall be cancelled and exchanged
for the Companys 10% Secured Convertible Promissory Notes (the Exchange Notes). The Exchange Notes will be issued
in the aggregate principal amount of $500,000 and provide that, upon the closing of a Qualified Offering, the outstanding principal amount,
together with all accrued but unpaid interest, at the date of conversion shall automatically be converted into shares of common stock
of the Company or its parent (the Conversion Shares) at a conversion price equal to 75% of the gross offering price to
the investors in the Qualified Offering (the Conversion Price). A Qualified Offering is defined in the Exchange Notes as
the closing of the first offering (public or private) by the Company or its Parent after the Original Issue Date of the Companys
or the Parents common stock (the Offering Stock)with gross proceeds to the Company or its Parent (before underwriter,
placement agent or broker discounts and commissions and expenses of the offering) of $5,000,000 or more, including the aggregate principal
amount of, together with all accrued but unpaid interest on, this Note and the other Notes that will convert thereupon.

F-18

ADAPTIN
BIO, INC.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022

Additionally,
as contemplated in connection with the issuance of the 2023 Senior Debt, the holders will be issued warrants to purchase up to a number
of shares of Common Stock equal to fifty percent (50%) of the number of shares of Common Stock that the principal amount of the Notes
issued to the initial Holder would purchase at the Qualified Offering Price. These warrants are exercisable beginning on the closing
of a Qualified Offering, have an exercise price of the price of a Common Share equal to the Qualified Offering price and have a term
of five years from the closing of a Qualified Offering.

Lastly,
as an inducement to enter into the Note Exchange Agreements, the holders are to be issued additional warrants to purchase up to a number
of shares of Common Stock equal to fifty percent (50%) of the number of shares of Common Stock that the principal amount of the Notes
issued to the initial Holder would purchase at the Conversion Price. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant
shall be equal to the Conversion Price. These warrants are exercisable beginning on the closing of a Qualified Offering and have a term
of five years from the closing of a Qualified Offering.

As
the terms of the Qualified Offering are not yet finalized, the Company is unable to determine the number or pricing of these warrants.
At issuance, these warrants are generally not a liability within the scope of ASC 480 if it is within the reporting entitys control
to decide whether it will enter into a Qualified Offering and, if so, at what terms. Accordingly, the Company has determined that there
will be no accounting recognition of these warrants until the terms of the Qualified Offering are determined and the Qualified Offering
has closed. Once the terms of the Qualified Offering are known, the Company may be able to estimate the value and begin to evaluate the
accounting implications (liability vs equity), however, that will not become final until the Qualified Offering closes.

F-19
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>ea023016901ex99-2_adaptin.htm
<DESCRIPTION>UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF PRIVATE ADAPTIN FOR THE NINE MONTH PERIODS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.2

adaptin
bio Inc.

FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

For
the NINE months ended SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 and 2023

ADAPTIN
BIO, INC. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Financial
Statements 

Balance
Sheets f-3

Statements
of OPERATIONS f-4

Statements
of Changes in stockholders DEFICIT f-5

Statements
of Cash Flows f-6

Notes
to Financial Statements f-7

F-2

ADAPTIN
BIO, INC.

BALANCE SHEETS 

AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 (UNAUDITED) AND DECEMBER 31, 2023

(Unaudited) 

September 30,

2024 December 31,

2023 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash $ 115,308 $ 4,754 

Total
assets $ 115,308 $ 4,754 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS
DEFICIT 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable - trade $ 931,182 $ 280,337 

Accrued expenses 847,623 198,599 

Notes Payable 500,000 469,762 

Convertible Notes Payable,
net of debt issuance costs and discounts 640,319 - 

Derivative obligation
arising from Convertible Notes Payable 342,088 - 

Accrued
interest 97,376 33,615 

Total
current liabilities 3,358,588 982,313 

Total
liabilities 3,358,588 982,313 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Common Stock, $0.001
par value, 10,000 shares authorized, 1,505 shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 1 1 

Additional Paid-in Capital 24,115 24,115 

Accumulated
deficit (3,267,396 ) (1,001,675 )

Total
stockholders deficit (3,243,280 ) (977,559 )

Total
liabilities and stockholders deficit $ 115,308 $ 4,754 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements.

F-3

ADAPTIN
BIO INC. 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) 

FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023

Nine
months ended

September 30, 

2024 2023 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Research
and development $ 1,566,533 $ 440,299 

General
and administrative 495,272 212,623 

Total
Operating Expenses 2,061,805 652,922 

LOSS
FROM OPERATIONS (2,061,805 ) (652,922 )

Interest Expense 195,161 66,711 

Loss on fair value of
derivative liability 8,755 - 

NET LOSS $ (2,265,721 ) $ (719,633 )

NET LOSS PER SHARE 

Net loss per common share,
basic and diluted $ (1,505.46 ) $ (481.04 )

Weighted average number of common shares
outstanding 1,505 1,496 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements.

F-4

ADAPTIN
BIO, INC. 

STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT (UNAUDITED)

FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 

Common
Stock Additional
Paid-In Accumulated Total
Stockholders 

Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 1,430 $ 1 $ 10,419 $ (19,872 ) $ (9,452 )

Common
stock issued 75 - 13,189 - 13,189 

Other
Capital Contributions - - 507 - 507 

Net
loss - - - (719,633 ) (719,633 )

Balance as of September
30, 2023 1,505 $ 1 $ 24,115 $ (739,505 ) $ (715,389 )

Balance as of December
31, 2023 1,505 $ 1 $ 24,115 $ (1,001,675 ) $ (977,559 )

Net
loss - - - (2,265,721 ) (2,265,721 )

Balance as of September
30, 2024 1,505 $ 1 $ 24,115 $ (3,267,396 ) $ (3,243,280 )

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements.

F-5

ADAPTIN
BIO, INC. 

STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 

FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023

Nine months ended

September 30, 

2024 2023 

CASH FLOWS USED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss $ (2,265,721 ) $ (719,633 )

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Issuance of common stock for license agreement - 13,190 

Amortization of debt issuance costs and discounts 131,400 45,595 

Payment of operating expenses as additional paid-in capital by founders - 507 

Loss on derivative liabilities 8,755 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts payable - Trade 650,845 220,261 

Accrued expenses 712,785 242,033 

Net cash used by operating activities (761,936 ) (198,047 )

CASH FLOWS PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from Notes Payable - 500,000 

Proceeds from Convertible Notes Payable 1,000,000 - 

Debt Issuance Costs (127,510 ) (101,110 )

Net cash provided by financing activities 872,490 398,890 

NET INCREASE IN CASH 110,554 200,843 

Cash - Beginning of Period 4,754 50 

CASH - END OF PERIOD $ 115,308 $ 200,893 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid for income taxes $ - $ - 

Cash paid for interest expense $ - $ - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements.

F-6

ADAPTIN
BIO INC. 

CONDENSED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023

Note
1 Nature of
operation

Adaptin
Bio, Inc., a Delaware corporation, was founded as Centaur Bio, Inc. in 2021 (the Company) and changed its name in 2024.
The Company is dedicated to the development and commercialization of products utilizing novel technology that enhances the delivery of
drugs and other compounds to the brain and other tissues for a variety of indications. The Companys novel technology was originally
developed by researchers in the Department of Neurosurgery at Duke University and licensed by the Company in 2023. (See Note 8 and Note
10).

For
many drugs and diagnostic agents, no readily available technology permits effective delivery of a broad range of difficult-to-deliver
drugs to specific areas of the body. The Companys technology is engineered to facilitate the transport of therapeutics to tissues
of interest, including the brain, potentially generating improved treatments for solid tumors and central nervous system (CNS)
disorders.

GOING
CONCERN

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction
of liabilities in the normal course of business. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had cash on hand of approximately $0.1 million
and an accumulated deficit of approximately $3.3 million. The Company intends to continue conduct of significant development activities
that began in 2023 which, together with expenses incurred for general and administrative expenses, are expected to result in continuing
operating losses for the foreseeable future. The amount of future losses and when, if ever, the Company will achieve profitability are
uncertain. The Companys ability to achieve profitability will depend, among other things, on successfully completing pre-clinical
and clinical studies, obtaining requisite regulatory approvals, establishing appropriate pricing for its product with payers, and raising
sufficient funds to finance the Companys activities. No assurance can be given that the Companys development efforts will
be successful, that regulatory approvals will be obtained, or that the Company will be able to achieve appropriate pricing and market
access or that profitability, if achieved, can be sustained. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Companys ability
to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the outcome of this uncertainty.

Management
has evaluated the Companys operating plan against its existing cash and determined that the Company expects to be unable to support
its operations and fund its obligations for the next twelve months from the date of issuance of these financial statements. The Companys
ability to execute its operating plan depends on the Companys ability to obtain additional funding through equity offerings and
debt financings. The Company plans to continue to fund its losses from operations through cash and cash equivalents on hand, as well
as through future equity offerings, debt financings, or other third-party funding. There can be no assurance that additional funds will
be available when needed from any source or, if available, will be available on terms that are acceptable to the Company. Even if the
Company raises additional capital, it may also be required to modify, delay or abandon some of its plans which could have a material
adverse effect on the business, operating results and financial condition and its ability to achieve its intended business objectives.
Any of these actions could materially harm the business, results of operations and future prospects.

F-7

ADAPTIN
BIO INC. 

CONDENSED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023

NOTE 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Basis
of Presentation

The
accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements of the Company have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) applicable to interim statements. Any reference in these notes to applicable
guidance is meant to refer to the authoritative GAAP as found in the Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) and Accounting
Standards Update (ASU) of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB). These financial statements are
presented in U.S. Dollars.

These
condensed financial statements are presented in accordance with the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
(SEC) and do not include all disclosures normally required in annual financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S.
GAAP. As such, the information included herein should be read in conjunction with the Companys financial statements and accompanying
notes as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the audited financial statements). In managements opinion,
these unaudited condensed financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as the annual financial statements and reflect all
adjustments, which include normal recurring adjustments, necessary for the fair statement of the Companys financial position as
of September 30, 2024 and the results of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The results of operations
for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year ending December
31, 2024 or any other future interim or annual period.

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Significant
estimates and assumptions reflected in the financial statements relate to and include, but are not limited to, the fair value of common
stock and other assumptions used to measure share-based consideration transferred for acquired assets under the Duke License (as defined
below), the fair value of derivative liabilities along with prepaid expenses and accrued liabilities that are measured based on progress
toward completion of research and development projects.

Future
events and their effects cannot be predicted with certainty; accordingly, accounting estimates require the exercise of judgment. Accounting
estimates used in the preparation of these financial statements change as new events occur, as more experience is acquired, as additional
information is obtained and as the operating environment changes.

Segments

Operating
segments are identified as components of an enterprise about which separate discrete financial information is available for evaluation
by the chief operating decision-maker in making decisions regarding resource allocation and assessing performance. The Company views
its operations and manages its business as a single segment.

F-8

ADAPTIN
BIO INC. 

CONDENSED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023

Cash
and Cash Equivalents

The
Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of 90 days or less on the date of purchase to be cash equivalents.
The carrying value of cash and cash equivalents approximates fair value due to the short-term nature of these items.

Currently,
all cash is deposited in one financial institution. The balances are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC)
up to certain limits. In the event there is cash in the bank, it may, at times, exceed FDIC insurable limits. Any loss incurred or a
lack of access to such funds could have a significant adverse impact on the Companys financial position.

Derivative
Liability

The
Company does not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. The Company analyzes
all financial instruments, including its convertible debt under the FASB ASC Topic No. 815 Derivatives and Hedging (ASC 815)
to determine if such instruments contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. The accounting treatment of derivative financial
instruments requires that the Company record embedded conversion options and any related freestanding instruments at their fair values
as of the inception date of the agreement and at fair value as of each subsequent balance sheet date. Any increase or decrease in the
fair value would be recorded in the results of operations within other income or expense as change in fair value of derivative liabilities.
The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is reassessed
at the end of each reporting period.

Upon
conversion or repayment of a debt or equity instrument in exchange for equity shares, where the embedded conversion option has been bifurcated
and accounted for as a derivative liability (generally convertible debt), the Company would record the equity shares at fair value on
the date of conversion, relieve all related debt, derivative liabilities, and unamortized debt discounts, and recognize a net gain
or loss on debt extinguishment, if any.

Accrued
Expense

Accrued
expenses consist primarily of legal, accounting, research and development and consulting.

Research
and Development

Research
and development costs are charged to expense as costs are incurred in performing research and development activities. To date, the Companys
research and development costs consist primarily of costs related to obtaining the license to its technology (see Note 1, Note 8 and
Note 10) and conducting pre-clinical activities. It is anticipated that additional expenses in future periods will consist primarily
of fees paid to contract research organizations (CROs) and to contract manufacturing organizations (CMOs)
related to the Companys pre-clinical and clinical activities.

F-9

ADAPTIN
BIO INC. 

CONDENSED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023

Research
and development expenses will include direct costs associated with CROs, direct CMO costs for the formulation and packaging of trial
material, as well as investigator and patient related costs at sites at which the Companys trials will be conducted. Direct costs
associated with the Companys CROs and CMOs will be generally payable on a time and materials basis, or when milestones are achieved.
The invoicing from clinical trial sites can lag several months. The Company will record expenses for its clinical trial activities
performed by third parties based upon estimates of the percentage of work completed of the total work over the life of the individual
study in accordance with agreements established with CROs and CMOs. The Company determines the estimates through discussions with development
personnel, CROs and CMOs as to the progress or stage of completion of trials or services and the agreed upon fee to be paid for such
services based on facts and circumstances known to the Company as of each consolidated balance sheet date. The actual costs and timing
of clinical trials are highly uncertain, subject to risks and may change depending upon a number of factors, including the Companys
clinical development plan. If the actual timing of the performance of services of the level of effort varies from the estimate, the Company
will adjust the accrual accordingly.

Research
and development expenses also include the cost of in-process research and development (IPR&D) assets purchased in an
asset acquisition transaction. IPR&D assets are expensed unless the assets acquired are deemed to have an alternative future use,
provided that the acquired assets did not also include processes or activities that would constitute a business as defined under US GAAP,
the technology has not received regulatory approval for marketing and, absent obtaining such approval, has no established alternative
future use. Acquired IPR&D payments are immediately expensed in the period in which they are incurred and include upfront payments,
as well as subsequent pre-commercial milestone payments. Research and development costs after the acquisition are expensed as incurred.
The costs associated with maintaining the patents after the acquisition are the responsibility of the Company and will be expensed as
incurred as a general and administrative expense.

Net
Loss per Share

Basic
net loss per common share is calculated by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period,
without consideration for potentially dilutive securities. For the periods presented, basic and diluted net loss per common share are
identical as the Company has incurred losses for both periods. While the Company has entered into convertible debt agreements during
2024 that are a potentially dilutive security, the number of shares available under a conversion cannot be determined until a Qualifying
Offering occurs as defined in the debt agreements (See Note 5 and Note 6).

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

ASC
Topic 820 defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value, and expands disclosures about fair value measurements.

Included
in the ASC Topic 820 framework is a three level valuation inputs hierarchy with Level 1 being inputs and transactions that can be effectively
fully observed by market participants spanning to Level 3 where estimates are unobservable by market participants outside of the Company
and must be estimated using assumptions developed by the Company. The Company discloses the lowest level input significant to each category
of asset or liability valued within the scope of ASC Topic 820 and the valuation method as exchange, income or use. The Company uses
inputs which are as observable as possible and the methods most applicable to the specific situation of each company or valued item.

F-10

ADAPTIN
BIO INC. 

CONDENSED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023

Interest
rate risk is the risk that the value of a financial instrument might be adversely affected by a change in the interest rates. The Companys
outstanding notes payable and convertible notes payable issued in 2023 and 2024 have fixed interest rates therefore the Company is exposed
to interest rate risk in that they could not benefit from a decrease in market interest rates. In seeking to minimize the risks from
interest rate fluctuations, the Company manages exposure through its normal operating and financing activities.

Recently
Adopted Accounting Pronouncements

In
August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, DebtDebt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and HedgingContracts
in Entitys Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40). This update amends the guidance on convertible instruments and the derivatives scope
exception for contracts in an entitys own equity and improves and amends the related EPS guidance for both Subtopics. This standard
is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, which means it was effective
for our fiscal year beginning January 1, 2024. Early adoption was permitted but no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2020, including interim periods within those fiscal years.

In
November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07, Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures, effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted.
While the Company operates as a single segment, it anticipates that there may be additional disclosures required under ASU 2023-07. The
Company continues to evaluate the effect of adopting this new accounting guidance on its financial statements but does not intend to
early adopt.

Other
recent accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB, including its Emerging Issues Task Force, the American Institute of Certified Public
Accountants, and the Securities and Exchange Commission did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Companys
present or future financial statements.

Significant
Risks and Uncertainties

The
Company is subject to challenges and risks specific to its business and its ability to execute on its strategy, as well as risks and
uncertainties common to companies in the pharmaceutical industry, including, without limitation, risks and uncertainties associated with:
obtaining regulatory approval of its product candidate; delays or problems in the supply of its study drug or failure to comply with
manufacturing regulations; identifying, acquiring or in-licensing product candidates; pharmaceutical product development and the inherent
uncertainty of clinical success; and the challenges of protecting and enhancing its intellectual property rights; and complying with
applicable regulatory requirements.

Further,
the Company may be impacted by general economic, political, and market conditions, including overall fluctuations in the financial markets
in the U.S. and abroad.

F-11

ADAPTIN
BIO INC. 

CONDENSED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023

NOTE 3 FAIR VALUE

FASB
ASC 820 - Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to
transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. FASB ASC 820 requires disclosures
about the fair value of all financial instruments, whether or not recognized, for financial statement purposes. Disclosures about the
fair value of financial instruments are based on pertinent information available to the Company on September 30, 2024. Accordingly, the
estimates presented in these unaudited financial statements are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that could be realized on disposition
of the financial instruments. FASB ASC 820 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based on whether the inputs to those valuation
techniques are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable
inputs reflect market assumptions. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical
assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurement) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurement).

The
three levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows:

Level
1:

Inputs
are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities available at the measurement date.

Level
2:

Inputs
are unadjusted quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets and
liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable, and inputs derived from or corroborated
by observable market data.

Level
3:

Inputs
are unobservable inputs which reflect the reporting entitys own assumptions on what assumptions the market participants would
use in pricing the asset or liability based on the best available information.

The
carrying amounts reported in the balance sheets for cash, prepaid expenses, accounts payable, accrued liabilities, accrued research and
development costs and notes payable approximate their fair market value based on the short-term maturity of these instruments.

Liabilities
measured at fair value on a recurring basis include embedded conversion liability in convertible debt (see Note 6 and Note 7) that did
not exist at December 31, 2023 and were as follows on September 30, 2024:

September
30, 2024 

Level
1 Level
2 Level
3 Total 

Derivative Liabilities $ - $ - $ 342,088 $ 342,088 

F-12

ADAPTIN
BIO INC. 

CONDENSED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023

A
roll forward of the level 3 valuation financial instrument is as follows:

For
the nine months ended

September 30,

2024 

Balance at beginning of year $ - 

Initial valuations of derivative
liabilites for debt conversion 333,333 

Change in fair value 8,755 

Balance at end of period $ 342,088 

Given
the short-term maturities of these debts, in order to determine the fair value of the embedded derivative, the intrinsic value of the
conversion feature would be further adjusted for the time value of money based on a risk-free rate and the Companys current estimate
of the timing of a Qualified Offering, which is a Level 3 input in the fair value hierarchy. As of September 30, 2024, the effect of
the time value of money on the recognized fair value of the derivative obligation is not considered material given the Companys
expectation that a Qualified Offering should occur in the fourth quarter of 2024.

ASC
825-10 Financial Instruments allows entities to voluntarily choose to measure certain financial assets and liabilities
at fair value (fair value option). The fair value option may be elected on an instrument-by-instrument basis and is irrevocable unless
a new election date occurs. If the fair value option is elected for an instrument, unrealized gains and losses for that instrument should
be reported in earnings at each subsequent reporting date. The Company did not elect to apply the fair value option to any outstanding
debt instruments.

NOTE 4 ACCRUED LIABILITIES

Accrued
liabilities comprised the following as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023:

September 30,

2024 December 31,

2023 

Accrued professional fees $ - $ 3,596 

Accrued research and development 795,997 26,905 

Accrued consulting fees 13,901 3,604 

Accrued legal fees 37,725 629 

Accrued fees of license agreement - 163,565 

Accrued franchise taxes - 300 

$ 847,623 $ 198,599 

F-13

ADAPTIN
BIO INC. 

CONDENSED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023

NOTE 5 NOTES PAYABLE

In
April 2023, the Company entered into Securities Purchase Agreements with certain accredited investors that provides for an aggregate
of up to $500,000, 10% secured promissory notes payable to investors with a term of twelve months from the issuance date (or prepayable
in the event of a Qualified Offering) (the 2023 Senior Debt). A Qualified offering is defined under these agreements as
the closing of the first offering (public or private) by the Company after the original issue date of its Common Stock or Common Stock
Equivalents with gross proceeds to the Company (before underwriter, placement agent or broker discounts and commissions and expenses
of the offering) of $5,000,000 or more. Additionally, the Securities Purchase Agreement provides for the buyer(s) to be issued Warrants,
exercisable beginning on the closing of a Qualified Offering. These Warrants have an exercise price of the price of a Common Share equal
to the Qualified Offering price and have a term of five years from the closing of a Qualified Offering. As of September 30, 2024, the
Company has issued an aggregate of $500,000 in secured promissory notes under these agreements with maturities ranging from April 2024
to September 2024. In addition, the Company incurred debt issuance costs of $101,110 which were amortized over the life of the loans
with such amortization recorded as interest expense. As of September 30, 2024, the notes total $500,000 and have related accrued interest
of $71,113.

As
the terms of the Qualified Offering are not yet determined the Company is unable to determine the number or pricing of the warrants.
At issuance, these warrants are generally not a liability within the scope of ASC 480 if it is within the reporting entitys control
to decide whether it will enter into a Qualified Offering and, if so, at what terms. Accordingly, the Company has determined that there
will be no accounting recognition of these warrants until the terms of the Qualified Offering are determined and the Qualified Offering
has closed. Once the terms of the Qualified Offering are known, the Company may be able to estimate the value and begin to evaluate the
accounting implications (liability vs equity), however, that will not become final until the Qualified Offering closes.

Interest
expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 related to the 2023 Senior Debt totals $67,736 and consists of accrued interest
of $37,498 and amortized debt issuance costs of $30,238. Interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 of $66,711 consists
of amortized debt issuance costs of $45,595 and accrued interest of $21,116, all of which was related to the 2023 Senior Debt.

NOTE 6 CONVERTIBLE NOTES PAYABLE

In
March 2024, the Company entered into Securities Purchase Agreements with certain accredited investors that provides for an aggregate
of up to $1.0 million, 10% secured subordinated convertible promissory notes payable to investors with a term of twelve months from the
issuance date (the 2024 Convertible Debt). Additionally, the Securities Purchase Agreement provides that, upon a Qualified
Offering, the debt together with all accrued but unpaid interest at the date of conversion shall automatically be converted into shares
of the Companys $0.0001 per share par value common stock (the Conversion Shares) at a conversion price equal to
75% of the gross offering price to the investors in the Qualified Offering. A Qualified Offering is defined under these agreements as
the closing of the first offering (public or private) by the Company after the original issue date of its Common Stock or Common Stock
Equivalents with gross proceeds to the Company (before underwriter, placement agent or broker discounts and commissions and expenses
of the offering) of $5,000,000 or more inclusive of the 2023 Senior Debt of $500,000 and the 2024 Convertible Debt of $1.0 million.

F-14

ADAPTIN
BIO INC. 

CONDENSED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023

As
of September 30, 2024, the Company has issued an aggregate of $1,000,000 in secured promissory notes under these agreements with maturities
ranging from March 2025 to September 2025. In addition, the Company incurred debt issuance costs of $127,510 which will be amortized
over the life of the loans with such amortization recorded as interest expense. As of September 30, 2024, the notes, net of unamortized
debt issuance costs and discounts related to an embedded derivative, totaled $640,319 and related accrued interest totaled $26,263. Interest
expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 related to the 2024 Convertible Debt totaled $127,424 and consists of accrued interest
of $26,263, amortized debt issuance costs of $28,070 and amortized discounts of $73,091.

NOTE 7 DERIVATIVE LIABILITY

The
Companys 2024 Convertible Debt, together with all accrued but unpaid interest at the date of conversion, shall automatically be
converted into shares of the Companys $0.0001 per share par value common stock (the Conversion Shares) at a conversion
price equal to 75% of the gross offering price to the investors in the Qualified Offering. The Company evaluated this embedded feature
under the guidance of ASC 815 and determined that it required bifurcation of the embedded derivative liability from the underlying debt
at its fair value. While the number of common shares to be issued under these agreements is undetermined, this feature results in a fixed
monetary amount of the settlement with a variable number of Conversion Shares issued. As the price per share under a Qualified Offering
is unknown and the number of shares to be issued is variable, the resulting intrinsic value would be the same regardless of the Conversion
Price. Accounting standards require that the Company recognize the derivative as a liability, based on its underlying instrument, in
the statement of financial position and measure the instrument at fair value at each balance sheet date. A change in the market value
of the financial instrument would be recognized as a gain or loss in the results of operations in the period of change. Upon initiation,
the Company recognized a derivative liability of $333,333. At September 30, 2024, the derivative liability totals $342,088, after giving
effect for the change in fair value.

NOTE 8 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Litigation

While
there is currently no ongoing litigation, the Company may, from time to time, be involved in various legal matters that arise in the
ordinary course of business. Should matters arise, management will then make a determination as to the ultimate disposition of these
matters and measure if it could have a material adverse effect on the Companys financial position, results of operations or liquidity.

License
Agreement

In
January 2023, the Company entered into a patent license agreement with Duke University and the National Cancer Institute, under the agency
of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (the Duke License) for an exclusive, world-wide, sub-licensable license
to the technology more fully described in Note 1 and Note 10. The Duke License was amended in August 2024 to include improvements within
the definitions of patent rights and technical information. As a component of the Duke License, the Company agreed to make payments based
on clinical and commercial milestones and continuing royalty payments on any sales made after approval by regulatory authorities. These
milestones include initiation of Phase II or Phase III clinical trials, submission of applications for market approval in multiple jurisdictions
including the US, EU and Japan and the initiation of post-approval commercial sales in the same jurisdictions. Based on an assumption
that all milestones related to the current development program are met during the course of the Duke License, these milestone payments
would total approximately $11.7 million. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has not met any milestones as defined in the agreement
and, accordingly, has recorded no expense or liability related to such payments.

F-15

ADAPTIN
BIO INC. 

CONDENSED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023

The
Company also agreed to pay royalties equal to low- to mid- single digit percentages of annual net sales on a country-by-country and product-by-product
basis subject to downward adjustment to low single digit percentages of our net annual sales in the event there is no valid claim of
a patent for the product, with minimum annual royalty levels established. We also must pay Duke low to mid-double digit percentages of
any sublicensing fees as set forth in the Duke License. The Company has not recorded and does not owe any royalties or sublicensing fees
for the nine months ended September 30, 2024.

NOTE 9 SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY

Common
Stock

The
Companys Certificate of Incorporation provides the authority to issue common stock, fully voting and participating, with a $0.001
par value, of which 10,000 shares were authorized. In 2021, a total of 1,430 shares were issued to the founding shareholders. In February
2023, 75 shares were issued to Duke University pursuant to the Duke License (see Note 10). A total of 1,505 shares are outstanding as
of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023.

NOTE 10 LICENSE AGREEMENT

In
January 2023, the Company entered into the Duke License for an exclusive, world-wide, sub-licensable license to the technology more fully
described in Note 1 and Note 8. Under the terms of this agreement, the Company issued a five percent (5%) common stock ownership interest,
or 75 common shares, in the Company at a value of $175.86 per share.

The
estimated fair value of the Companys common stock was determined by a third-party independent valuation firm in accordance with
the guidelines outlined in the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Practice Aid, Valuation of Privately-Held-Company
Equity Securities Issued as Compensation. These valuations took into account numerous factors, including developments at the Company
and market conditions.

Consistent
with FASB ASC 820-10-35-24, if multiple valuation techniques are used to measure fair value, the results (respective indications of fair
value) should be evaluated and weighted, as appropriate, considering the reasonableness of the range indicated by those results. A fair
value measurement is the point within that range that is most representative of fair value in the circumstances. The February 2, 2023
valuation utilized multiple valuation techniques that considered a set of discrete potential liquidity scenarios for the Company, the
value common stock would receive in each scenario, and the time required and risk inherent in achieving those values. The third-party
valuation expert examined the following scenarios for the Company: (i) the net assets of the Company or the Asset Approach; (ii) a recently
executed term sheet related to a proposed merger transaction and capital raise or the Market Approach; and (iii) dissolution or the failure
scenario. The Asset Approach was assumed to be appropriate given the Companys limited operations and expenditures to date as of
the valuation date. The Asset Approach was weighted at 80% assuming continued operations as the funding proposed in the term sheet is
non-binding and the Company has no assurance such funding will occur. The Market Approach utilized a back-solve methodology to determine
the value of the common stock based on the terms outlined in the term sheet assuming the contemplated transaction is consummated and
was weighted at 10% as there is limited or no assurance such transaction will be completed. Finally, the failure scenario was weighted
at 10% assuming that the Company is unable to obtain suitable financing and would discontinue operations.

F-16

ADAPTIN
BIO INC. 

CONDENSED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023

In
accordance with ASC 805, the license agreement was evaluated and the Company concluded that substantially all of the value acquired is
concentrated in a group of similar identifiable IPR&D assets. Accordingly, it has been accounted for as an asset acquisition as the
technology transferred to the Company had not yet received regulatory approval and the IPR&D did not have an alternative use. The
Company recorded research and development expense related to the issuance of the common stock of $13,189 during the year ended December
31, 2023. In addition, the Company agreed to reimburse the licensor for all patent related costs previously incurred for the technology
prior to the license execution date. The total of these costs was approximately $327,000. The Company expensed these costs in their entirety
upon execution of the Duke License as a research and development expense as they were deemed to be part of the acquisition price of the
IPR&D. Any unpaid amounts are reflected in accrued expenses. Reimbursement for these costs will be made in four equal installments
with the first two payments having been made in 2023 and an additional payment made in 2024. At September 30, 2024, the Company had a
remaining liability of $81,783 included in accounts payable on the balance sheet. The Company further agreed to make payments based on
clinical and commercial milestones and continuing royalty payments on any sales made after approval by regulatory authorities (See Note
8).

NOTE 11 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

2023
Senior Debt Modification

In
November 2024, the Company entered into Note Exchange Agreements with the holders of the 2023 Senior Debt (see Note 5) whereby these
10% secured promissory notes payable to holders with a term of twelve months from the issuance date shall be cancelled and exchanged
for the Companys 10% Secured Convertible Promissory Notes (the Exchange Notes). The Exchange Notes will be issued
in the aggregate principal amount of $500,000 and provide that, upon the closing of a Qualified Offering, the outstanding principal amount,
together with all accrued but unpaid interest, at the date of conversion shall automatically be converted into shares of common stock
of the Company or its parent (the Conversion Shares) at a conversion price equal to 75% of the gross offering price to
the investors in the Qualified Offering (the Conversion Price). A Qualified Offering is defined in the Exchange Notes as
the closing of the first offering (public or private) by the Company or its Parent after the Original Issue Date of the Companys
or the Parents common stock (the Offering Stock)with gross proceeds to the Company or its Parent (before underwriter,
placement agent or broker discounts and commissions and expenses of the offering) of $5,000,000 or more, including the aggregate principal
amount of, together with all accrued but unpaid interest on, this Note and the other Notes that will convert thereupon.

Additionally,
as contemplated in connection with the issuance of the 2023 Senior Debt, the holders will be issued warrants to purchase up to a number
of shares of Common Stock equal to fifty percent (50%) of the number of shares of Common Stock that the principal amount of the Notes
issued to the initial Holder would purchase at the Qualified Offering Price. These warrants are exercisable beginning on the closing
of a Qualified Offering, have an exercise price of the price of a Common Share equal to the Qualified Offering price and have a term
of five years from the closing of a Qualified Offering.

F-17

ADAPTIN
BIO INC. 

CONDENSED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023

Lastly,
as an inducement to enter into the Note Exchange Agreements, the holders are to be issued additional warrants to purchase up to a number
of shares of Common Stock equal to fifty percent (50%) of the number of shares of Common Stock that the principal amount of the Notes
issued to the initial Holder would purchase at the Conversion Price. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant
shall be equal to the Conversion Price. These warrants are exercisable beginning on the closing of a Qualified Offering and have a term
of five years from the closing of a Qualified Offering.

As
the terms of the Qualified Offering are not yet finalized, the Company is unable to determine the number or pricing of these warrants.
At issuance, these warrants are generally not a liability within the scope of ASC 480 if it is within the reporting entitys control
to decide whether it will enter into a Qualified Offering and, if so, at what terms. Accordingly, the Company has determined that there
will be no accounting recognition of these warrants until the terms of the Qualified Offering are determined and the Qualified Offering
has closed. Once the terms of the Qualified Offering are known, the Company may be able to estimate the value and begin to evaluate the
accounting implications (liability vs equity), however, that will not become final until the Qualified Offering closes.

2024
Convertible Debt Amendment

At
issuance, the 2024 Convertible Debt was convertible into Conversion Shares as more fully detailed in Note 6. With the agreement of the
holders of the 2024 Convertible Debt, the Company has amended the 2024 Convertible Debt to be convertible into shares of common stock
of either the Company or any entity that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls the Company. The terms of
the conversion remain as described in Note 6. A Qualified Offering , as amended, means the closing of the first offering
(public or private) by the Company or its parent after the original issue date of the Companys or its parents common stock
with gross proceeds to the Company or its parent (before underwriter, placement agent or broker discounts and commissions and expenses
of the offering) of $5,000,000 or more inclusive of the 2023 Senior Debt of $500,000 and the 2024 Convertible Debt of $1.0 million.

F-18
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.3
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>ea023016901ex99-3_adaptin.htm
<DESCRIPTION>UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.3

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL
INFORMATION

Unless the context requires
otherwise, references to Private Adaptin in this section are to the business and operations of Adaptin Bio, Inc. prior to
the Merger, references to Unite Acquisition in this section are to the public company shell, Unite Acquisition 1 Corp. prior
to the Merger, references to Merger Sub refer to Adaptin Acquisition Co., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Unite Acquisition,
prior to the Merger, and references to Adaptin Bio, we, us, our and the
Company in this section are to the combined and renamed public company following the consummation of the Merger.

Introduction

The following unaudited pro
forma condensed combined financial information has been prepared in accordance with Article 11 of Regulation S-X, as amended by the final
rule, Release No. 33-10786, Amendments to the Financial Disclosures about Acquired and Disposed Businesses. The unaudited
pro forma condensed combined financial information presents the pro forma effects of the Merger, the Offering and the related material
transactions that have occurred, or are probable of occurring, subsequent to the latest balance sheet date that are material to investors.
The Merger, the Offering and the related transactions, as further described elsewhere in the unaudited pro forma financial information,
were completed on February 11, 2025 (the Closing).

Unite Acquisition was a blank
check company incorporated in Delaware in 2022. The business purpose of Unite Acquisition was to seek the acquisition of or merger with,
an existing company. Since inception, Unite Acquisition has been engaged in organizational efforts and obtaining initial financing. Unite
Acquisition was formed as a vehicle to pursue a business combination.

Private Adaptin was incorporated
in Delaware in 2021 and is a biopharmaceutical company pioneering a transformational approach to enhance the transfer of therapeutics
into the brain, facilitating the treatment of brain cancers and other unmet medical conditions. The Companys proprietary technology
harnesses the human immune systems ability to target, recognize, destroy or deliver therapeutics to specific cells, including cancer
cells. Our mission is to be the global leader and pioneer of this new treatment paradigm, integrating recombinant technology, gene therapy
and cell therapy to address the challenges of targeting and delivering effective therapies, including to the brain for cancer and other
central nervous system (CNS) indications.

Bridge Financings

Private Adaptin raised bridge
financing through the offer and sale (a) in 2023 of $500,000 principal amount of its 10% Secured Promissory Notes (the 2023 Bridge
Notes) (including an obligation to issue five-year warrants to purchase up to 56,815 shares of our Common Stock at an exercise
price of $4.40 per share) and (b) in 2024 of $1,000,000 principal amount of its 10% Secured Subordinated Convertible Promissory Notes
(the 2024 Bridge Notes), which in each case were sold to a limited number of accredited investors pursuant to Regulation
D under the Securities Act. The 2023 Bridge Notes were exchanged for $500,000 principal amount of the Companys 10% Secured Convertible
Promissory Notes (the Exchange Notes). In connection with the note exchange, the holders of the 2023 Bridge Notes were also
issued warrants to purchase up to 75,755 shares of our Common Stock at an exercise price of $3.30 per share (the Exchange Warrants).
The Exchange Notes and the 2024 Bridge Notes are referred to herein as the Bridge Notes.

At the initial closing of
the Offering (as defined below), the $1,500,000 aggregate principal amount of outstanding Bridge Notes, plus accrued interest thereon,
automatically converted into shares of Company common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Common Stock), at a conversion
price of $3.30 per share, or 484,054 shares of Common Stock (the Note Conversion Shares) (as a result of the accrued interest
being computed as of September 30, 2024 for the purposes of the pro forma financial statements, the number of Note Conversion Shares used
for the pro forma financial statements is less than the actual number of Note Conversion Shares issued at Closing, which includes accrued
interest computed through the date of the Closing), and the holders of the 2023 Bridge Notes were issued, pursuant to existing agreements,
warrants to purchase up to 132,570 shares of our Common Stock at an exercise price of either $3.30 or $4.40 per share and with a term
of five years, as described above (the Pre-Merger Warrants).

Merger Agreement

On February 11, 2025, Unite
Acquisition entered into the Merger Agreement with Merger Sub and Private Adaptin, pursuant to which Merger Sub merged with and into Private
Adaptin, with Private Adaptin continuing as the surviving corporation and as our wholly owned subsidiary.

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement,
all of the outstanding capital stock of Private Adaptin was cancelled in exchange for shares of Common Stock, and all of the outstanding
Private Adaptin warrants were assumed by the Company with appropriate adjustments to the per share exercise or conversion price thereof,
and otherwise on their original terms and conditions. The total number of shares of Common Stock issued to Pre-Merger stockholders of
Private Adaptin was 3,249,999 shares.

Prior to the initial closing
of the Offering (as defined below), Unite Acquisitions board of directors adopted an equity incentive plan reserving a number of
shares of Common Stock equal to 15% of the shares to be outstanding after completion of the Merger and the final closing of the Offering,
on a fully diluted basis (assuming exercise or conversion of all then-outstanding Common Stock equivalents), for the future issuance,
at the discretion of the board of directors, of options and other incentive awards to officers, key employees, consultants and directors
of the Company and its subsidiaries.

The sole holder of common
stock of Unite Acquisition prior to the Merger, Lucius Partners, retained 3,250,000 shares of Common Stock after the Merger, following
cancellation of 1,750,000 shares of Common Stock. The Merger Agreement contained customary representations and warranties and pre- and
post-closing covenants of each party and customary closing conditions.

As a condition to the Merger,
we entered into a Pre-Merger indemnity agreement with Unite Acquisitions sole officer and director, Nathan P. Pereira, pursuant
to which the Company agreed to indemnify Mr. Pereira for actions taken by him in his official capacity relating to the consideration,
approval and consummation of the Merger and certain related transactions.

The Offering

Immediately following
the effective time of the Merger, we issued, in the initial closing of the private placement offering, 1,080,814
Units, for an aggregate purchase price of $4,755,581.60, at a purchase price of $4.40 per Unit, with each Unit consisting of (i) one
share of Common Stock, (ii) a warrant representing the right to purchase one share of Common Stock, exercisable from issuance until
one year after the final Closing of the Offering at an exercise price of $4.40 per share (the A Warrant), and (iii) a
warrant, representing the right to purchase one-half of a share of Common Stock, exercisable from issuance until five years after
the final Closing of the Offering at an exercise price of $6.60 per whole share (the B Warrant, and together with the
A Warrant, the Warrants) (such shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants, the Warrant
Shares). The private placement offering is referred to herein as the Offering.

The offering period
commenced on January 8, 2025 and will continue until the later of (i) February 28, 2025, unless extended by Company and the
placement agent, Laidlaw & Company (UK) Ltd. (the Placement Agent); (ii) the date on which the maximum offering
amount of approximately $8.5 million (the Maximum Offering) is sold by the Company; or (iii) on a date mutually agreed
upon in writing by the Company and the Placement Agent (the Offering Period). The final day of the Offering Period is
referred to as the Termination Date. The initial closing of this Offering occurred immediately following the closing
of the Merger (the Initial Closing). The Company and Placement Agent may conduct additional closings of the Offering
at their discretion to the extent that subscriptions for additional Units, up to the Maximum Offering, are received before the
Termination Date.

In connection with the Offering,
the Placement Agent (a) will be paid at each closing from the Offering proceeds a total cash commission of 10.0% of the aggregate gross
purchase price paid by purchasers in the Offering at that closing (the Cash Fee), (b) will be paid at each closing from
the Offering proceeds a total non-allocable expense allowance equal to 2.0% of the aggregate gross purchase price paid by purchasers in
the Offering at that Closing (the Expense Allowance), and (c) will receive (and/or its designees will receive) warrants
to purchase a total number of shares of Common Stock equal to 10.0% of the sum of (i) the number of shares of Common Stock included in
the Units sold in the Offering at that closing and (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants included
in the Units sold in the Offering at that closing, with a term expiring seven years after the final closing date and an exercise price
of $4.40 per share (the Placement Agent Warrants). Any sub-agent of the Placement Agent that introduces investors to the
Offering will be entitled to share in the Cash Fee, Expense Allowance and Placement Agent Warrants attributable to those investors pursuant
to the terms of an executed sub-agent agreement with such Placement Agent. The Company has agreed to pay certain other expenses of the
Placement Agent, including the fees and expenses of its counsel, in connection with the Offering. Subject to certain customary exceptions,
we will also indemnify the Placement Agent to the fullest extent permitted by law against certain liabilities that may be incurred in
connection with the Offering, including certain civil liabilities under the Securities Act, and, where such indemnification is not available,
to contribute to the payments the Placement Agent and its sub-agents may be required to make in respect of such liabilities.

Accounting for the Merger

The Merger is expected to
be accounted for as a reverse recapitalization in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(U.S. GAAP). Under this method of accounting, Unite Acquisition, which is the legal acquirer, is treated as the acquired
company for financial reporting purposes and Private Adaptin is treated as the accounting acquirer. This determination was primarily due
to Unite Acquisition being determined to be a shell company in that it did not meet the U.S. GAAP definition of a business, did not have
more than nominal assets, and does not have more than nominal operations at the time of the merger. Accordingly, for accounting purposes,
the Merger will be treated as the equivalent of a capital transaction in which Private Adaptin is issuing stock for the net assets of
Unite Acquisition. The net assets of Unite Acquisition will be stated at historical cost, with no goodwill or other intangible assets
recorded.

2

Basis for Pro Forma Presentation

The following unaudited pro
forma condensed combined financial information has been prepared in accordance with Article 11 of Regulation S-X, as amended by the final
rule, Release No. 33-10786, Amendments to Financial Disclosures about Acquired and Disposed Businesses. Release No. 33-10786
replaces the existing pro forma adjustment criteria with simplified requirements to depict the accounting for the Merger, Offering, and
related transactions (Transaction Accounting Adjustments) and are permitted to present the reasonably estimable synergies
and other transaction effects that have occurred or reasonably expected to occur (Managements Adjustments). Management
of the Company has elected not to present Managements Adjustments and has only presented Transaction Accounting Adjustments in
the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements.

The unaudited pro forma condensed
combined financial statements are provided for informational purposes as required by Form 8-K and do not purport to represent what the
results of operations or financial position of the Company would actually have been had the Merger and Offering occurred on the dates
noted above, or to project the results of operations or financial position of the Company for any future periods. In the opinion of management,
all necessary adjustments to the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements have been made.

The following unaudited pro
forma condensed combined balance sheet as of September 30, 2024 combines the historical condensed balance sheet of Unite Acquisition as
of September 30, 2024 with the historical balance sheet of Private Adaptin as of September 30, 2024 giving further effect to the Transaction
Accounting Adjustments, as if they had been consummated as of September 30, 2024.

The following unaudited pro
forma condensed combined statements of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 combine the historical condensed statement
of operations of Unite Acquisition for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the historical statements of operations of Private
Adaptin for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, giving effect to the Pro Forma Adjustments as if they had been consummated on January
1, 2023, the beginning of the earliest period presented.

The following unaudited pro
forma condensed combined statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2023 combine the historical condensed statement of operations
of Unite Acquisition for the year ended December 31, 2023 and the historical statements of operations of Private Adaptin for the year
ended December 31, 2023, giving effect to the Transaction Accounting Adjustments as if they had been consummated on January 1, 2023, the
beginning of the earliest period presented.

Assumptions underlying the
Transaction Accounting Adjustments are described in the accompanying notes, which should be read in conjunction with the unaudited pro
forma condensed combined financial statements. The Transaction Accounting Adjustments and other adjustments are based on available information
and assumptions that the Companys management believes are reasonable. Such adjustments are estimates and actual experience may
differ from expectations.

The financial statements of
Private Adaptin and Unite Acquisition were prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP.

The unaudited pro forma condensed
combined financial information has been derived from, and should be read in conjunction with:

Unite Acquisitions audited financial statements included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on April 1, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference;

Unite Acquisitions unaudited condensed financial statements included in its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on November 14, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference;

Private
Adaptins audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023, that are included as Exhibit 99.1 in the
Companys Current Report on Form 8-K to which these unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements are being
filed as an exhibit; and

Private Adaptins unaudited condensed financial statements for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, that are included as Exhibit 99.2 in the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K to which these unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements are being filed as an exhibit.

3

ADAPTIN BIO, INC.

Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Balance Sheet

As of September 30, 2024

Historical Transaction Pro Forma 

Private

Adaptin Unite

Acquisition Accounting

Adjustments Notes Combined

Total 

Note A Note B Note C 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash $ 115,308 $ 322 $ 3,194,772 (a), (f) $ 3,310,402 

Total Assets $ 115,308 $ 322 $ 3,194,772 $ 3,310,402 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIENCY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses $ 1,778,805 $ 53,126 $ 188,624 (e), (f) $ 2,020,555 

Related party payables - 44,750 - 44,750 

Notes payable 500,000 - (500,000 ) (c) - 

Note payable - stockholder - 137,764 (137,764 ) (f) - 

Convertible notes payable, net 640,319 - (640,319 ) (c) - 

Derivative liability 342,088 - (342,088 ) (b) - 

Accrued interest 97,376 - (97,376 ) (c) - 

Total Current Liabilities 3,358,588 235,640 (1,528,923 ) 2,065,305 

Total Liabilities 3,358,588 235,640 (1,528,923 ) 2,065,305 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIENCY) 

Common stock $ 1 $ 500 $ 305 (a), (c), (d) $ 806 

Additional paid-in capital 24,115 - 4,785,354 (a), (c), (d), (f) 4,809,469 

Accumulated deficit (3,267,396 ) (235,818 ) (61,964 ) (b), (c), (d), (e) (3,565,178 )

Total Stockholders Equity (Deficiency) (3,243,280 ) (235,318 ) 4,723,695 1,245,097 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity (Deficiency) $ 115,308 $ 322 $ 3,194,772 $ 3,310,402 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited pro forma condensed
combined financial statements

4

ADAPTIN BIO, INC.

Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statement of Operations

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024

Historical Transaction Pro Forma 

Private

Adaptin Unite

Acquisition Accounting

Adjustments Notes Combined

Total 

Note A Note B Note C 

Operating Expenses 

Research and development $ 1,566,533 $ - $ - $ 1,566,533 

General and administrative 495,272 122,421 - 617,693 

Total operating expenses 2,061,805 122,421 - 2,184,226 

Loss from operations (2,061,805 ) (122,421 ) - (2,184,226 )

Other expense (income): 

Interest expense 195,161 - (195,161 ) (a) - 

Loss on fair value of derivative liability 8,755 - (8,755 ) (a) - 

Total other expense (income) 203,916 - (203,916 ) - 

Net loss $ (2,265,721 ) $ (122,421 ) $ 203,916 $ (2,184,226 )

Net loss per common share - basic and diluted $ (1,505.46 ) $ (0.02 ) $ (0.27 )

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 1,505 5,000,000 3,063,362 (b) 8,064,867 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited pro forma condensed
combined financial statements

5

ADAPTIN BIO, INC.

Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined
Statement of Operations

For the Year Ended December 31,
2023

Historical Transaction Pro Forma 

Private

Adaptin Unite

Acquisition Accounting

Adjustments Notes Combined Total 

Note A Note B Note C 

Operating Expenses 

Research and development $ 510,356 $ - $ - $ 510,356 

General and administrative 366,960 85,593 241,751 (a) 694,304 

Total operating expenses 877,316 85,593 241,751 1,204,660 

Loss from operations (877,316 ) (85,593 ) (241,751 ) (1,204,660 )

Other expense (income): 

Interest expense 104,487 - (104,487 ) (d) - 

Loss on extinguishment - - 398,119 (c) 398,119 

Gain on change in fair value - - (342,088 ) (b) (342,088 )

Total other expense (income) 104,487 - (48,456 ) 56,031 

Net loss $ (981,803 ) $ (85,593 ) $ (193,295 ) $ (1,260,691 )

Net loss per common share - basic and diluted $ (655.41 ) $ (0.02 ) $ (0.16 )

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 1,498 5,000,000 3,063,369 (e) 8,064,867 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited pro forma condensed
combined financial statements

6

Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined
Financial Statements

1. Basis
of Pro Forma Presentation

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial
statements have been prepared for illustrative and informational purposes only and were prepared from the respective historical information
of Unite Acquisition and Private Adaptin, and reflect adjustments to the historical information in accordance with the SEC Final Rule
Release No. 33-10786 and in accordance with Article 11 of Regulation S-X of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. We have accounted
for the Merger in these unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements as a reverse recapitalization, in accordance with
Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification Topic 805 Business Combinations
(ASC 805). In accordance with ASC 805, this is a capital transaction of Private Adaptin (the legal acquiree) and is the
equivalent to the issuance of shares by Private Adaptin for the net monetary assets of Unite Acquisition, accompanied by a recapitalization.

Transaction Accounting Adjustments reflected in
the unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet are based on items that are factually supportable and directly attributable to
the business combination. Transaction Accounting Adjustments reflected in the pro forma condensed combined statements of income are based
on items that are factually supportable, directly attributable to the business combination and are expected to have a continuing impact
on the combined results. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information does not reflect the cost of any integration
activities or benefits from the business combination, including potential synergies that may be generated in future periods.

2. Transaction
Accounting Adjustments

The following Transaction Accounting Adjustments
give effect to the Merger.

Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Balance
Sheets as of September 30, 2024

Note A Derived from the condensed balance sheet of Private Adaptin as of the nine months ended September 30, 2024, included elsewhere in this
Current Report on form 8-K.

Note B Derived from the condensed balance sheet of Unite Acquisition as of the nine months ended September 30, 2024, filed with the SEC.

Transaction Accounting Adjustments:

Note C

(a) To record the $4,755,582 of gross proceeds received in connection
with the initial closing of the Offering for which 1,080,814 Units are to be issued, with each Unit consisting of (i) one share of Common
Stock, (ii) an A Warrant representing the right to purchase one share of Common Stock, and (iii) a B Warrant, representing the right
to purchase one-half of a share of Common Stock.

(b) To record the remeasurement of the derivative liability associated
with the 2024 Bridge Notes immediately prior to the extinguishment of the liabilities, by reducing the derivative liability by $342,088.

(c) To record the loss on extinguishment of $398,119 associated
with the (i) exchange of 2023 Bridge Notes for the Exchange Notes and related issuance of Pre-Merger Warrants with aggregate fair value
of $246,581 and (ii) conversion of the Bridge Notes with aggregate principal of $1,500,000, debt discount of $359,681 and accrued interest
of $97,376 into an aggregate of 484,054 shares of Unite Acquisition common stock with aggregate fair value of $1,389,233.

7

(d) To give effect to the reverse recapitalization whereby Unite
Acquisition will issue 3,249,999 shares of Unite Acquisition common stock to the shareholders of Private Adaptin in exchange for Private Adaptins historical common stock and additional paid-in capital. In connection with the Merger, the Unite Acquisition
shareholder has agreed to cancel and retire 1,750,000 shares of common stock. Furthermore, to eliminate the historical accumulated deficit
of Unite Acquisition of $235,818 as it has been deemed to be the accounting acquiree.

(e) To give effect to an additional estimated $241,751 of Merger
expenses to be incurred subsequent to September 30, 2024 with an offset to accrued expenses.

(f) To record Offering costs in aggregate of $1,369,920 deducted
against proceeds from the Offering to additional paid-in capital. Furthermore, to record the repayment of $190,890 of related-party liabilities
pursuant to the Merger agreement consisting of accounts payable and a note payable held by a stockholder of $53,126 and $137,764, respectively.

Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statement
of Operations For The Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024

Note A Derived from the condensed statement of operations of Private Adaptin for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, included elsewhere in this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Note B Derived from the condensed statement of operations of Unite Acquisition for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, filed with the SEC.

Transaction Accounting Adjustments:

Note C

(a) To eliminate interest expense and amortization of debt discount
related to the Bridge Notes extinguished in the transaction. Furthermore, to eliminate the loss on change in fair value of derivative
liability.

(b) The below table illustrates the adjustment to the weighted
average shares outstanding used in the earnings per share calculations for the additional shares of Unite Acquisition common stock issued
as consideration to the Private Adaptin stockholders, less the cancellation shares, plus the additional shares of Unite Acquisition common
stock issued in connection with the Offering, shares of Unite Acquisition common stock issued in connection with the conversion of Bridge
Notes less the historical outstanding Private Adaptin common stock.

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Weighted

Average

Number of

Shares 

Shares issued to shareholders of Private Adaptin 3,249,999 

Unite Acquisition shares eliminated under share cancellation agreement (1,750,000 )

Shares issued in connection with the initial closing of the Offering 1,080,814 

Conversion of Bridge Notes 484,054 

Private Adaptin historical shares exchanged (1,505 )

3,063,362 

8

Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statement
of Operations For The Year Ended December 31, 2023

Note A Derived from the statement of operations of Private Adaptin for the year ended December 31, 2023, included elsewhere in this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Note B Derived from the statement of operations of Unite Acquisition for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC.

Transaction Accounting Adjustments:

Note C

(a) To record the $241,751 of estimated Merger expenses incurred
subsequent to September 30, 2024.

(b) To record the gain on the change in fair value of the derivative
liability associated with the 2024 Bridge Notes immediately prior to the extinguishment of the liabilities, by recording a gain on change in fair value of $342,088.

(c) To record the loss on extinguishment of $398,119 associated
with the (i) exchange of the 2023 Bridge Notes for the Exchange Notes and related issuance of the Pre-Merger Warrants with aggregate
fair value of $246,581 and (ii) conversion of the Bridge Notes with aggregate principal of $1,500,000, debt discount of $359,681 and
accrued interest of $97,376 into an aggregate of 484,054 shares of Unite Acquisition common stock with aggregate fair value of $1,389,233.

(d) To eliminate interest expense and amortization of debt discount
related to the Bridge Notes extinguished in the transaction.

(e) The below table illustrates the adjustment to the weighted
average shares outstanding used in the earnings per share calculations for the additional shares of Unite Acquisition common stock issued
as consideration to the Private Adaptin stockholders, less the cancellation shares, plus the additional shares of Unite Acquisition common
stock issued in connection with the Offering, shares of Unite Acquisition common stock issued in connection with the conversion of the
Bridge Notes less the outstanding Private Adaptin common stock.

For the Year Ended December 31, 2023 Weighted

Average

Number of

Shares 

Shares issued to shareholders of Private Adaptin 3,249,999 

Unite Acquisition shares eliminated under share cancellation agreement (1,750,000 )

Shares issued in connection with the initial closing of the Offering 1,080,814 

Conversion of Bridge Notes 484,054 

Private Adaptin historical shares exchanged (1,498 )

3,063,369 

9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>image_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>35
<FILENAME>image_002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>36
<FILENAME>image_003.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>37
<FILENAME>image_004.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>38
<FILENAME>cik0001938571-20250211_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>39
<FILENAME>cik0001938571-20250211_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>40
<FILENAME>cik0001938571-20250211.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>42
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 11, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 11, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 000-56583

Entity Registrant Name ADAPTIN BIO, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001938571

Entity Tax Identification Number 88-1566415

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 3540 Toringdon Way

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 200

Entity Address, Address Line Three #250

Entity Address, City or Town Charlotte

Entity Address, State or Province NC

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 28277

City Area Code 888

Local Phone Number 609-1498

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 3 such as an Office Park+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine3

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>43
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>44
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>45
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>47
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://uniteacquisition1corp.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cik0001938571-20250211.xsd 
cik0001938571-20250211_lab.xml 
cik0001938571-20250211_pre.xml 
ea0230169-8k_adaptin.htm 

image_001.jpg 
image_002.jpg 
image_003.jpg 
image_004.jpg 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>49
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>50
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-014630-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>51
<FILENAME>ea0230169-8k_adaptin_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001938571 

2025-02-11 
2025-02-11 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0001938571 
8-K 
2025-02-11 
ADAPTIN BIO, INC. 
DE 
000-56583 
88-1566415 
3540 Toringdon Way 
Suite 200 
#250 
Charlotte 
NC 
28277 
888 
609-1498 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>