<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-002576.txt : 20250110
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-002576.hdr.sgml : 20250110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250110163032
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-002576
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250107
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DarioHealth Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001533998
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				452973162
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37704
		FILM NUMBER:		25523443

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		322 W 57TH ST. #33B
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972-4-770-6377

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		322 W 57TH ST. #33B
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LabStyle Innovations Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111101
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm252764d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000153399800015339982025-01-072025-01-07iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of
Earliest Event Reported): January 7, 2025

DARIOHEALTH CORP.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-37704 45-2973162

(State or other jurisdiction 

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

322
W 57th St, #33B

New
York, New York10019

(Address of Principal Executive Offices)

972- 4-770-6377

(Issuers telephone
number)

(Former name or former
address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation to the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name of exchange on which 

registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share DRIO TheNasdaqCapital Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth
company 

If an emerging
growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Private
Placement Financing Transaction

On January 7,
2025, DarioHealth Corp. (the Company) entered into securities purchase agreements (each, a Series D Purchase
Agreement) with accredited investors relating to an offering (the Offering) and the sale of an aggregate of (i) 4,974
shares of newly designated Series D-2 Preferred Stock (the Series D-2 Preferred Stock), and (ii) 1,850 shares
of Series D-3 Preferred Stock (the Series D-3 Preferred Stock and together with the Series D-2 Preferred
Stock, the Preferred Stock), at a purchase price of $1,000 for each share of Preferred Stock. As a result of the sale of
the Preferred Stock, the aggregate gross proceeds to the Company from the Offering are approximately $6,824,000. The closing of Preferred
Stock will occur on or before January 14, 2025.

On January 9,
2025, the Company filed the Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of the Series D-2 Preferred Stock (the
Series D-2 Certificate of Designation) and the Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of
the Series D-3 Preferred Stock (the Series D-3 Certificate of Designation) with the Secretary of State of the
State of Delaware. Each share of Preferred Stock is convertible at the option of the holder, subject to certain beneficial ownership limitations
as set forth in each of the Certificates of Designation, into such number of shares of Companys common stock (the Common
Stock) equal to the number of Preferred Shares to be converted, multiplied by the stated value of $1,000 (the Stated Value),
divided by the conversion price in effect at the time of the conversion (the initial conversion price of the Series D-2 Preferred
Stock and Series D-3 Preferred Stock is $0.83) each subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits, stock dividends, and similar
transactions.

The conversion
of the Preferred Stock is subject to stockholder approval. In addition, the Preferred Stock will automatically convert into shares of
Common Stock, subject to certain beneficial ownership limitations, including a non-waivable 19.99% ownership blocker, on the 12-month
anniversary of the issuance date. The holders of Preferred Stock will also be entitled to dividends equal to a number of shares of Common
Stock equal to ten percent (10%) of the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock then held by
such holder for each full quarter anniversary of holding for a total of four (4) quarters from the Closing Date, all issuable upon
conversion of the Preferred Stock.

The Series D-2
Preferred Stock will vote together with the Common Stock as a single class on an as-converted basis on any matter presented to the shareholders
of the Company. The Series D-3 Preferred Stock does not possess any voting rights with respect to such matters. Upon any liquidation,
dissolution or winding-up of the Company, after the satisfaction in full of the debts of the Company and payment of the liquidation preference
to the Senior Securities, holders of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to be paid, on a pari passu basis with the payment of any liquidation
preference afforded to holders of any Parity Securities (as defined in the Series D-2 Certificate of Designation and the Series D-3
Certificate of Designation).

The Series D
Purchase Agreements contain representations and warranties that the parties made to the others in the context of all of the terms and
conditions of that agreement and in the context of the specific relationship between the parties. The provisions of such agreements, including
the representations and warranties contained therein, are not for the benefit of any party other than the parties to such agreements and
are not intended as documents for investors and the public to obtain factual information about the current state of affairs of the parties
to that agreement. Rather, investors and the public should look to other disclosures contained in the Companys filings with the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

The securities
to be issued in the Offering are exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of
the Securities Act and/or Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. The securities have not been registered under
the Securities Act and may not be resold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration. This Current Report
on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of these securities
in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under
the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

The forgoing
description of the Series D Purchase Agreement, the Series D-2 Certificate of Designation, the Series D-3 Certificate of
Designation and the form of Lock Up Agreement are qualified by reference to the full text of these documents, copies of which are filed
as Exhibit 3.1, Exhibit 3.2, Exhibit 10.1 and Exhibit 10.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The response
to this item is included in Item 1.01, Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement, and is incorporated herein in its entirety.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

3.1 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series D-2 Preferred Stock.

3.2 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series D-3 Preferred Stock.

10.1 Series D Securities Purchase Agreement.

10.2 Form of Lock-Up Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 18, 2024).

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

Dated: January 10, 2025 DARIOHEALTH CORP.

By: /s/ Zvi Ben David

Name: Zvi Ben David

Title: Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, & Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm252764d1_ex3-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF PREFERENCES,

RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS

OF

SERIES D-2 PREFERRED STOCK

OF

DARIOHEALTH CORP.

It is hereby certified that:

1. The name of the Company (hereinafter called
the Company) is DarioHealth Corp., a Delaware corporation.

2. The Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate
of Incorporation) of the Company authorizes the issuance of Five Million (5,000,000) shares of preferred stock, $0.0001
par value per share, of which thirty thousand (30,000) shares have been designated as Series B Preferred Stock, fifteen thousand
(15,000) shares have been designated as Series B-1 Preferred Stock, fifteen thousand (15,000) shares have been designated as Series B-2
Preferred Stock, fifteen thousand (15,000) shares have been designated as Series B-3 Preferred Stock, seventeen thousand four hundred
(17,400) have been designated as Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, four thousand (4,000) have been designated as Series C-1
Convertible Preferred Stock, one thousand one hundred fifteen (1,115) have been designated as Series C-2 Convertible Preferred Stock,
seven thousand and fifty five (7,055) have been designated as Series D Convertible Preferred Stock and eleven thousand seven hundred
and fifty (11,750) have been designated as Series D-1 Convertible Preferred Stock and expressly vests in the Board of Directors of
the Company the authority to issue any or all of said shares in one (1) or more series and by resolution or resolutions to establish
the designation and number and to fix the relative rights and preferences of each series to be issued.

3. The Board of Directors of the Company, pursuant
to the authority expressly vested in it as aforesaid, has adopted the following resolutions creating a Series D-2 issue of Preferred
Stock:

RESOLVED, that four thousand nine hundred
seventy nine (4,979) of the Five Million (5,000,000) authorized shares of Preferred Stock of the Company shall be designated Series D-2
Convertible Preferred Stock, $0.0001 par value per share, and shall possess the rights and preferences set forth below:

Section 1. Definitions.
For the purposes hereof, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Affiliate
means any person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 of the Securities Act. A Person shall be regarded as in control
of the Company if the Company owns or directly or indirectly controls more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting stock or other ownership
interest of the other person, or if it possesses, directly or indirectly, the power to direct or cause the direction of the management
and policies of such person.

Alternate Consideration
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(d).

Attribution Parties
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(e).

Beneficial Ownership
Limitation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(e).

Business Day
means any day except Saturday, Sunday, and any day which shall be a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking
institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close. Whenever any payment or
other obligation hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business
Day.

Certificate of
Designations means this Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series D-2 Preferred
Stock.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock
means the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and stock of any other class of securities into which such securities
may hereafter be reclassified or changed into.

Common Stock
Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries of the Company, whether or not vested or otherwise
convertible or exercisable into shares of Common Stock at the time of such issuance, which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that
is at any time convertible into or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock, and excluding
shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series D-2 Preferred Stock or Series D-3 Preferred Stock.

Company Conversion
Notice means a notice delivered by the Company to effect a Mandatory Conversion of all the outstanding Series D-2
Preferred Stock, provided that the effective date of such Mandatory Conversion shall be no less than ten (10) Business Days following
the date that such notice is deemed to have been given.

Conversion Amount
means the Stated Value at issue.

Conversion Date
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(b).

Conversion Price
means $0.83, subject to adjustment as set forth in Section 7.

Conversion Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the shares of Series D-2 Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms
hereof.

Dividend
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.

Dividend Shares
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.

Effective Date
means the date that this Certificate of Designations is filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Fundamental Transaction
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(d).

Holder
shall mean an owner of shares of Series D-2 Preferred Stock.

Junior Securities
shall be any class or series of capital stock of the Company hereafter created which does not expressly rank pari passu with or senior
to the Series D-2 Preferred Stock.

Liquidation
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(a).

Mandatory Conversion
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(b).

Mandatory Conversion
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(b).

Mandatory Conversion
Determination shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(b).

New York Courts
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8(d).

Notice of Conversion
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a).

Optional Conversion
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a).

Original Issue
Date means the date of the first issuance of any shares of Series D-2 Preferred Stock regardless of the number of
transfers of any particular shares of Series D-2 Preferred Stock and regardless of the number of certificates which may be issued,
if any, to evidence such Series D-2 Preferred Stock.

Parity Securities
means the Common Stock, the Series B Preferred Stock, the Series B-1 Preferred Stock, the Series B-2 Preferred Stock, the
Series B-3 Preferred Stock, the Series C Preferred Stock the Series C-1 Preferred Stock, the Series C-2 Preferred
Stock, the Series D Preferred Stock, the Series D-1 Preferred Stock, the Series D-3 Preferred Stock and any other class
or series of capital stock of the Company hereinafter created that expressly ranks pari passu with the Series D-2 Preferred Stock.

Person
means an individual, entity, corporation, partnership, association, limited liability company, limited liability partnership, joint-stock
company, trust or unincorporated organization.

PIK Shares
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.

Preferred Stock
means the Companys preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and stock of any other class of securities into which such securities
may hereafter be reclassified or changed into.

Primary Market
Limitation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(f).

Purchase Rights
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(b).

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Senior Securities
shall be any class or series of capital stock of the Company hereafter created which expressly ranks senior to the Series D-2 Preferred
Stock.

Series D-2
Preferred Stock shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.

Share Delivery
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(d).

Stated Value
means $1,000.00 per share of Series D-2 Preferred Stock.

Stockholder Approval
means, collectively, any and all approvals of the Companys stockholders relating to the issuance of the Preferred Stock and/or
the Conversion Shares, whether such approvals are required (i) by the applicable rules and regulations of the then-applicable
Trading Market and/or (ii) under the Companys certificate of incorporation and the laws of the State of Delaware.

Stockholder Approval
Effective Date means the earliest date on which Stockholder Approval has been received and deemed effective under Delaware
law.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on Exhibit 21.1 to the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K most recently
filed with the Commission, and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired
after the Effective Date.

Trading Day
means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for business.

Trading Market
means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the
NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, OTCQB
or OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transfer Agent
means VStock Transfer LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 18 Lafayette Pl, Woodmere, NY 11598, a
facsimile number of 646-536-3179 and an email address of info@vstocktransfer.com, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Section 2. Designation
and Authorized Shares. The series of Preferred Stock designated by this Certificate of Designations shall be designated as the Companys
Series D-2 Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series D-2 Preferred Stock) and the number of shares
so designated shall be four thousand nine hundred seventy nine (4,979). So long as any of the Series D-2 Preferred Stock are issued
and outstanding, except for the Series D-3 Preferred Stock, the Company shall not issue any shares of its preferred stock that are
senior to the Series D-2 Preferred Stock in Liquidation without the approval of the Holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding
shares of Series D-2 Preferred Stock. The Series D-2 Preferred Stock shall not be redeemed for cash and under no circumstances
shall the Company be required to net cash settle the Series D-2 Preferred Stock.

Section 3. Dividends.
Holders of shares of Series D-2 Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive: (a) dividends (the Dividends)
payable as the number of shares of Common Stock equal to ten percent (10%) of the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of the Series D-2 Preferred Stock then held by such Holder on the date the dividend is declared (collectively, the PIK
Shares) for each full quarter anniversary of holding for a total of four (4) quarters from the closing date (or 40%
in the aggregate) and (b) dividends equal, on an as-if-converted to shares of Common Stock basis, to and in the same form as dividends
actually paid on shares of the Common Stock when, as, and if such dividends are paid on shares of the Common Stock. The Dividends will
be satisfied solely by delivery of shares of Common Stock or, at the election of the Holder, the Dividends may be paid in the form of
pre-funded warrants to purchase such PIK Shares (the Pre-Funded Warrants). The Dividends shall be accelerated
and paid (to the extent not previously paid) upon the consummation of a Fundamental Transaction. The Dividends shall be paid (to the extent
accrued and not previously paid) upon the Mandatory Conversion Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that a Holders
right to participate in any Dividend of PIK Shares or any stock dividend declared on the Common Stock to which such Holder is entitled
to (Dividend Shares) would result in such Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation or the Primary
Market Limitation, then such Holder shall have the election to either (i) be paid such Dividend Shares in the form of Pre-Funded
Warrants or (ii) not be entitled to participate in any such dividend to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any Dividend
Shares as a result of such dividend to such extent) and the portion of such Dividend Shares that would cause such Holder to exceed the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation or the Primary Market Limitation shall be held by the Company in abeyance for the benefit of such Holder
(which shall not give the Holder any power to vote or dispose of such Dividend Shares) until such time, if ever, as such Holders
beneficial ownership thereof would not result in such Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation or the Primary Market Limitation.

Section 4. Voting
Rights. Following receipt of Stockholder Approval, on any matter presented to the stockholders of the Company for their action or
consideration at any meeting of stockholders of the Company (or by written consent of stockholders in lieu of meeting), and subject to
the limitations set forth in Section 6(f), each Holder of outstanding shares of Series D-2 Preferred Stock shall be entitled
to cast the number of votes equal to the number of whole shares of Common Stock into which the shares of Series D-2 Preferred Stock
held by such holder are convertible as of the record date for determining stockholders entitled to vote on such matter. Except as provided
by law or by the other provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, Holders of Series D-2 Preferred Stock shall vote together
with the holders of Common Stock as a single class. The Holders shall be entitled to the same notice of any regular or special meeting
of the stockholders as may or shall be given to holders of Common Stock entitled to vote at such meetings. As long as any shares of Series D-2
Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Company shall not, without the affirmative vote of the Holders of the majority of the then outstanding
shares of the Series D-2 Preferred Stock voting as a separate class, (a) alter or change adversely the powers, preferences or
rights given to the Series D-2 Preferred Stock or alter or amend this Certificate of Designation, (b) alter or change adversely
the powers, preferences or rights given to the Series D-2 Preferred Stock or alter or amend the Certificate of Designation of the
Series D Preferred Stock, the Certificate of Designation of the Series D-1 Preferred Stock and the Certificate of Designation
of the Series D-3 Preferred Stock to provide for greater rights than the Series D-2 Preferred Stock, except as it relates to
voting rights, (c) authorize or create any class of stock ranking as to dividends, redemption or distribution of assets upon a liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, that is senior to the Series D-2 Preferred Stock, (d) amend
its certificate of incorporation or other charter documents in any manner that adversely affects any rights of the Holders, (e) increase
the number of authorized shares of Series D-2 Preferred Stock, or (f) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing.
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, no holder of Series D-2 Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote on any
matter presented to the Companys stockholders relating to approving the conversion of such holders Series D-2 Preferred
Stock into an amount in excess of the Primary Market Limitation.

Section 5. Liquidation.

(a) The Series D-2
Preferred Stock shall, with respect to distributions of assets and rights upon the occurrence of any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up
of the Company (Liquidation), rank: (i) junior to the Senior Securities, (ii) pari passu with the
Parity Securities; and (iii) senior to the Junior Securities of the Company. Upon any Liquidation, after the satisfaction in full
of the debts of the Company and payment of the liquidation preference to the Senior Securities, the Holders of shares of Series D-2
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to be paid, on a pari passu basis with the payment of any liquidation preference afforded to holders
of any Parity Securities, out of (but only to the extent) the assets of the Company are legally available for distribution to its stockholders,
in the manner described in (b) below.

(b) After the Holders
of all shares of Senior Securities shall have been paid in full the amounts to which they are entitled pursuant to their applicable liquidation
preference as forth in any certificate of designation on the Senior Securities, the remaining assets of the Company available for distribution
to its stockholders shall be distributed among the holders of shares of Series D-2 Preferred Stock, the holders of Common Stock and
other holders of Parity Securities, pro rata based on the number of shares held by each such holder, treating for this purpose all such
Series D-2 Preferred Stock and other Parity Securities as if it had been fully converted into Common Stock (without giving effect
to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) pursuant to the terms of this Certificate of Designations and any certificate of designation on
the Junior Securities, each as in effect immediately prior to such Liquidation.

(c) After
the Holders of all shares of Parity Securities shall have been paid in full the amounts to which they are entitled pursuant to Section 5(b),
the remaining assets of the Company available for distribution to its stockholders shall be distributed among the holders of shares of
Series D-2 Preferred Stock, the holders of Common Stock, other Parity Securities and holders of any Junior Securities, pro rata based
on the number of shares held by each such holder, treating for this purpose all such Series D-2 Preferred Stock, other Parity Securities
and Junior Securities as if it had been fully converted into Common Stock (without giving effect to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation)
pursuant to the terms of this Certificate of Designations and any certificate of designation on the Junior Securities, each as in effect
immediately prior to such Liquidation.

Section 6Conversion.

(a) Conversions at
Option of Holder. At any time and from time to time on or after the Stockholder Approval Effective Date, each share of Series D-2
Preferred Stock (or fraction thereof) shall be convertible, at any time and from time to time, from and after the Original Issue Date
at the option of the Holder thereof into that number of shares of Common Stock (subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation set forth
in Section 6(e) and the Primary Market Limitation set forth in Section 6(f)) determined by dividing the Stated Value by
the Conversion Price then in effect. Holders shall effect conversions by providing the Company and the Transfer Agent, with the form of
conversion notice attached hereto as Annex A (a Notice of Conversion). Each Notice of Conversion
shall specify the number of shares of Series D-2 Preferred Stock to be converted, the number of shares of Series D-2 Preferred
Stock owned prior to such conversion, the number of shares of Series D-2 Preferred Stock owned subsequent to such conversion and
the date on which such conversion is to be effected, which date may not be prior to the date the applicable Holder delivers such Notice
of Conversion to the Company pursuant to Section 6 and in accordance with Section 9 (such date, the Optional Conversion
Date). Such Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Conversion Shares
with respect to which the shares of Series D-2 Preferred Stock have been converted as of the Optional Conversion Date. If no Optional
Conversion Date is specified in a Notice of Conversion, the Optional Conversion Date shall be the date that such Notice of Conversion
and Cancellation Request are deemed delivered to the Company in accordance with Section 9. The calculations and entries set forth
in the Notice of Conversion shall control in the absence of manifest or mathematical error. No ink-original Notice of Conversion shall
be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Conversion form be required.
To effect conversions of shares of Series D-2 Preferred Stock, a Holder shall not be required to surrender any Certificated Series D-2
Preferred Stock to the Company unless all of the shares of Series D-2 Preferred Stock represented by any such certificate are so
converted, in which case such Holder shall deliver the Certificated Series D-2 Preferred Stock promptly following the Optional Conversion
Date. To the extent that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation contained in Section 6(e) or the Primary Market Limitation contained
in Section 6(f) applies to the converting Holder, the determination of whether the Series D-2 Preferred Stock is convertible
(in relation to other securities owned by such Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of how many shares of
Series D-2 Preferred Stock are convertible shall be in the sole discretion of such Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Conversion
shall be deemed to be such Holders determination of whether the shares of Series D-2 Preferred Stock may be converted (in
relation to other securities owned by such Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and how many shares of the Series D-2
Preferred Stock are convertible, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation or the Primary Market Limitation. To ensure
compliance with this restriction, each Holder will be deemed to represent to the Company each time it delivers a Notice of Conversion
that such Notice of Conversion has not violated the restrictions set forth in this Section and the Company shall have no obligation
to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination.

(b) Mandatory Conversion.
Subject to the receipt of Stockholder Approval, on the twelve (12) month anniversary of the Original Issue Date (the Mandatory
Conversion Date and together with an Optional Conversion Date, the Conversion Date), each outstanding
share of Series D-2 Preferred Stock will automatically convert (subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation set forth in Section 6(e) and
the Primary Market Limitation set forth in Section 6(f)) into such number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock
as is determined by dividing the Stated Value by the Conversion Price in effect on the Mandatory Conversion Date (a Mandatory
Conversion). Within one Trading Day of (x) the Mandatory Conversion Date, if the shares of Series D-2 Preferred
Stock are held in book entry form, or (y) such Holders surrender of Certificated Series D-2 Preferred Stock (or, if such
registered holder alleges that such certificate has been lost, stolen or destroyed, a lost certificate affidavit and an indemnity or security
reasonably acceptable to the Company (which shall not include the posting of any bond) to indemnify the Company against any claim that
may be made against the Company on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of such certificate), the Company shall deliver:
(I) to each Holder, the Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of such Holders Series D-2 Preferred Stock via the
Certificated Preferred Stock, and (II) the PIK Shares issuable upon Mandatory Conversion under Section 3, to Holders as of the
Mandatory Conversion Date; provided that, any failure by the Holder to return Certificated Series D-2 Preferred Stock, if any, will
have no effect on the Mandatory Conversion pursuant to this Section 6(b), which Mandatory Conversion will be deemed to occur on the
Mandatory Conversion Date. To the extent that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation contained in Section 6(e) or the Primary Market
Limitation contained in Section 6(f) applies to any Holder, such Holder shall within five Business Days of such Holders
receipt of the Company Conversion Notice, provide the Company with a written determination (a Mandatory Conversion Determination),
delivered in accordance with Section 9, of whether such Holders Series D-2 Preferred Stock is convertible (in relation
to other securities owned by such Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of how many shares of Series D-2
Preferred Stock are convertible, and the submission of a Mandatory Conversion Determination shall be deemed to be such Holders
determination of the maximum number of shares of Series D-2 Preferred Stock that may be converted, subject to the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation or the Primary Market Limitation and the portion of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such Mandatory Conversion hereunder
that would cause such Holder to exceed the Beneficial Ownership Limitation or the Primary Market Limitation shall at the election of the
Holder, (i) be issued such shares in the form of Pre-Funded Warrants or (ii) such shares shall be held by the Company in abeyance
for the benefit of such Holder (which shall not give the Holder any power to vote or dispose of such shares) until such time, if ever,
as such Holders beneficial ownership thereof would not result in such Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation or the
Primary Market Limitation. To ensure compliance with this restriction, each Holder will be deemed to represent to the Company each time
it delivers a Mandatory Conversion Determination that such determination has not violated the restrictions set forth in Section 6(e) or
Section 6(f) and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination.

(c) Conversion Shares.
The aggregate number of Conversion Shares which the Company shall issue upon conversion of the Series D-2 Preferred Stock (whether
pursuant to Section 6(a) or 6(b)) will be equal to the number of shares of Series D-2 Preferred Stock to be converted,
multiplied by the Stated Value, divided by the Conversion Price in effect at the time of the conversion.

(d) Mechanics of Conversion.

(i) Delivery of Conversion
Shares upon Conversion. Promptly after the applicable Conversion Date, but in any case within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading
Day and (ii) the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below) thereof (the Share Delivery Date), the
Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the converting Holder the number of Conversion Shares being acquired upon the conversion
of the Series D-2 Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 6(a) or 6(b), as applicable, any PIK Shares to which the Holder is
entitled pursuant to Section 3 that have not been previously issued, if any, and a wire transfer of immediately available funds in
the amount of accrued and unpaid cash dividends, if any. Conversion Shares issuable hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent
to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with DTC through its Deposit or Withdrawal
at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and otherwise by physical delivery
of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Conversion
Shares and PIK Shares, if any, to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such conversion to the address specified by the Holder in the
Notice of Conversion or the Company Conversion Notice, as the case may be. The Company shall (A) deliver (or cause to be delivered)
to the converting Holder who has converted less than all of such Holders Certificated Series D-2 Preferred Stock (1) a
certificate or certificates, of like tenor, for the number of shares of Series D-2 Preferred Stock evidenced by any surrendered certificate
or certificates less the number of shares of Series D-2 Preferred Stock converted. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent
that is a participant in the DTCs FAST program so long as any shares of Series D-2 Preferred Stock remain outstanding. As
used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading
Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice
of Conversion.

(ii) Failure to Deliver
Conversion Shares upon an Optional Conversion. If, in the case of any Notice of Conversion, such Conversion Shares are not delivered
to or as directed by the applicable Holder by the Share Delivery Date, in addition to any other rights herein, the Holder shall be entitled
to elect by written notice to the Transfer Agent, on behalf of the Company, at any time on or before its receipt of such Conversion Shares,
to rescind such Conversion, in which event the Company shall promptly return to the Holder any Certificated Series D-2 Preferred
Stock delivered to the Company and the Holder shall promptly return to the Company the Conversion Shares issued to such Holder pursuant
to the rescinded Notice of Conversion.

(iii) Obligation
Absolute. The Companys obligation to issue and deliver the Conversion Shares upon conversion of Series D-2 Preferred Stock
in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction by a Holder to enforce the
same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against any Person or any action to enforce
the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by such Holder or any other
Person of any obligation to the Company or any violation or alleged violation of law by such Holder or any other person, and irrespective
of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Company to such Holder in connection with the issuance of
such Conversion Shares; provided, however, that such delivery shall not operate as a waiver by the Company of
any such action that the Company may have against such Holder.

(iv) [Reserved].

(v) Reservation of
Shares Issuable Upon Conversion. The Company covenants that it will at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized
and unissued shares of Common Stock, free from preemptive rights or any other actual contingent purchase rights of Persons other than
the Holders of the Series D-2 Preferred Stock, not less than such aggregate number of shares of the Common Stock as shall be issuable
(i) upon the conversion of all outstanding shares of Series D-2 Preferred Stock (taking into account the adjustments and restrictions
of Section 7) and (ii) in respect of the PIK Shares. The Company covenants that all Conversion Shares and PIK Shares shall,
when issued, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

(vi) Fractional Shares.
No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of or as dividends on the Series D-2
Preferred Stock. As to any fraction of a share which a Holder would otherwise be entitled to upon such conversion or in respect of any
such dividend, the Company shall round up to the next whole share of Common Stock.

(vii) Transfer Taxes
and Expenses. The issuance of Conversion Shares on conversion of this Series D-2 Preferred Stock shall be made without charge
to any Holder for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery of such Conversion Shares,
provided that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance
and delivery of any such Conversion Shares upon conversion in a name other than that of the Holders of such shares of Series D-2
Preferred Stock and the Company shall not be required to issue or deliver such Conversion Shares and shall not be responsible for partial
liquidated damages under Section 6(d)(iii) or penalties under Section 6(d)(iv) unless or until the Person or Persons
requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Company the amount of such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction of
the Company that such tax has been paid.

(e) Beneficial Ownership
Limitation. Subject to all other limitations as set forth herein, the Company shall not effect any conversion of the Series D-2
Preferred Stock, including, without limitation, a Mandatory Conversion, and a Holder shall not have the right to receive dividends hereunder
or convert any portion of the Series D-2 Preferred Stock, to the extent that, after giving effect to the receipt of Dividend Shares
hereunder or conversion set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion, such Holder (together with such Holders Affiliates (which
for purposes of this Section 6(e) and Section 7(b), shall include any employee of such Holder and any person having beneficial
ownership of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder), and any Persons acting as a group together with such Holder or
any of such Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)) would beneficially own in excess
of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock
beneficially owned by such Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock received
as Dividend Shares or issuable upon conversion of the Series D-2 Preferred Stock with respect to which such determination is being
made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which are issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, unconverted
Series D-2 Preferred Stock beneficially owned by such Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise
or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the Company subject to a limitation on conversion or
exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein (including, without limitation, the Series D-2 Preferred Stock) beneficially
owned by such Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this
Section 6(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation
is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be
filed in accordance therewith (other than as it relates to a Holder relying on the number of shares issued and outstanding as provided
by the Company pursuant to this Section). In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined
in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes
of this Section 6(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock as stated in the most recent of the following: (i) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report
filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (ii) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (iii) a more recent
written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or
oral request (which may be via email) of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to such Holder
the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99%
(or, at the written election of any Holder delivered to the Company pursuant to the terms of Section 9 prior to the issuance of any
shares of Series D-2 Preferred Stock, 9.99%) of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect
to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of Series D-2 Preferred Stock held by the applicable Holder. A
Holder, upon at least sixty-one (61) days advance notice to the Company, may terminate, increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation provisions of this Section 6(e); provided, however, that the Holder shall not be entitled to increase or terminate the
limitation contained in this Section 6(e) if the Holder has acquired (or if any of the Holders Attribution Parties has
acquired) the Series D-2 Preferred Stock with the purpose or effect of changing or influencing the control of the Company. The limitations
contained in this Section 6(e) shall apply to a successor holder of Series D-2 Preferred Stock. The limitations contained
in this Section 6(e) and Section 7(b) shall terminate immediately at any time at which the Common Stock ceases to
be an equity security as defined in Rule 13d-1(i) promulgated under the Exchange Act (or any successor rule).

(f) Primary Market
Limitation. Subject to all other limitations as set forth herein, unless the Company obtains Stockholder Approval, the Company shall
not effect any conversion of the Series D-2 Preferred Stock, including, without limitation, a Mandatory Conversion, and a Holder
shall not have the right to receive dividends hereunder or convert any portion of the Series D-2 Preferred Stock, to the extent that,
after giving effect to the receipt of dividends hereunder or conversion set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion, the Holder,
together with the Attribution Parties, would beneficially own in excess of the Primary Market Limitation (as defined below). For purposes
of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties
shall include the number of shares of Common Stock received as dividends or issuable upon conversion of the Series D-2 Preferred
Stock with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which are issuable
upon (i) conversion of the remaining, unconverted Series D-2 Preferred Stock beneficially owned by such Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities
of the Company subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein (including, without limitation,
the Series D-2 Preferred Stock) beneficially owned by such Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set
forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 6(f), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of
the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not
representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely
responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith (other than as it relates to a Holder relying on the number
of shares issued and outstanding as provided by the Company pursuant to this Section). For purposes of this Section 6(f), in determining
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as stated in the
most recent of the following: (i) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case
may be, (ii) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (iii) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer
Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request (which may be via email) of a Holder,
the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to such Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding.
The Primary Market Limitation shall be 19.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately
before giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series D-2 Preferred Stock and/or
the issuance of the Dividend Shares. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of the Series D-2
Preferred Stock.

Section 7. Certain
Adjustments.

(a) Stock Dividends
and Stock Splits. If the Company, at any time while the Series D-2 Preferred Stock is outstanding: (A) pays a stock dividend
or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock or any other Common Stock
Equivalents (which, for avoidance of doubt, will not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon conversion of this
Series D-2 Preferred Stock or payment of a dividend on this Series D-2 Preferred Stock); (B) subdivides outstanding shares
of Common Stock into a larger number of shares; (C) combines (including by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common
Stock into a smaller number of shares; or (D) issues, in the event of a reclassification of shares of the Common Stock, any shares
of capital stock of the Company, then the Conversion Price will be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator will be the number
of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Company) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator
will be the number of shares of Common Stock, or in the event that clause (D) of this Section 7(a) will apply shares of
reclassified capital stock, outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 7(a) will
become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution
and will become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

(b) Subsequent Rights
Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 7(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells
any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any
class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the
terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the
number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of such Holders Series D-2 Preferred Stock (without regard
to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date
on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which
the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however,
to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation or the Primary Market Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to
such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase
Right to such extent shall, at the election of the Holder, (i) be issued such shares in the form of Pre-Funded Warrants or (ii) be
held in abeyance by the Company for the Holder (which shall not give the Holder any power to vote or dispose of such Purchase Rights)
until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation or the Primary
Market Limitation).

(c) Pro Rata Distributions.
During such time as this Series D-2 Preferred Stock is outstanding, if the Company declares or makes any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including,
without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time
after the issuance of this Series D-2 Preferred Stock, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such
Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common
Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Series D-2 Preferred Stock (without regard to any limitations on conversion hereof,
including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution,
or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation
in such Distribution (provided, however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result
in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation or the Primary Market Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to
participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution
to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall, at the election of the Holder, (i) be issued such shares in the form
of Pre-Funded Warrants or (ii) be held in abeyance by the company for the benefit of the Holder (which shall not give the Holder
any power to vote or dispose of such shares) until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation or the Primary Market Limitation).

(d) Fundamental Transaction.
If, at any time while the Series D-2 Preferred Stock is outstanding, (A) the Company effects any merger or consolidation of
the Company with or into another Person, (B) the Company effects any sale of all or substantially all of its assets in one transaction
or a series of related transactions, or (C) the Company effects any reclassification of the Common Stock or any compulsory share
exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (in any
such case, a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent conversion of the Series D-2 Preferred
Stock, the Holders shall have the right to receive, for each Conversion Share that would have been issuable upon such conversion immediately
prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, the same kind and amount of securities, cash or property as it would have been
entitled to receive upon the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction if it had been, immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction,
the holder of one share of Common Stock (the Alternate Consideration). For purposes of any such conversion, the determination
of the Conversion Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration
issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall adjust the Conversion Price in
a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock
are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holders shall be given
the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration they receive upon any conversion of the Series D-2 Preferred Stock following such
Fundamental Transaction. To the extent necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any successor to the Company or surviving entity
in such Fundamental Transaction shall file a new Certificate of Designation with the same terms and conditions and issue to the Holders
new preferred stock consistent with the foregoing provisions and evidencing the Holders right to convert such preferred stock into
Alternate Consideration. The terms of any agreement pursuant to which a Fundamental Transaction is effected shall include terms requiring
any such successor or surviving entity to comply with the provisions of this Section 7(d) and insuring that the Series D-2
Preferred Stock (or any such replacement security) will be substantially similar in form and substance to this Certificate of Designations
and insuring that the Series D-2 Preferred Stock will be convertible for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such
successor entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon conversion of this Series D-2
Preferred Stock (without regard to any limitations on the conversion of this Series D-2 Preferred Stock) prior to such Fundamental
Transaction, and with a conversion price which applies the conversion price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into
account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital
stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such conversion price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this
Series D-2 Preferred Stock immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction) and will be similarly adjusted
upon any subsequent transaction analogous to a Fundamental Transaction.

(e) Subsequent Equity
Sales. If during the period commencing on the Original Issue Date and expiring sixty (60) days thereafter, the Company at any time
while the Series D-2 Preferred Stock is outstanding, shall sell or grant a subsequent class of preferred stock, at an effective price
per share less than the Conversion Price then in effect (such lower price, the Base Share Price and such issuances
collectively, a Dilutive Issuance), then simultaneously with the consummation of each Dilutive Issuance the Conversion
Price shall be reduced and only reduced to equal the Base Share Price. The Company shall notify the Holder, in writing, no later than
three (3) Trading Days following the issuance or deemed issuance of any preferred stock subject to this Section 7(e), indicating
therein the applicable issuance price, or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion price and other pricing terms.

(f) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 7 will be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be.

(g) Notice to the
Holders.

(i) Adjustment to Conversion Price. Whenever the Conversion Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 7, the Company shall promptly deliver to each Holder a notice setting forth the Conversion Price after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

(ii) Notice to Allow Conversion by Holder. If (A) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property or (B) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be filed at each office or agency maintained for the purpose of conversion of the Series D-2 Preferred Stock, and shall cause to be delivered to each Holder pursuant to Section 9, at least twenty (20) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a written notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of seeking such stockholder approval or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange, provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to convert such Holders Series D-2 Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 6(a) (subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation and the Primary Market Limitation) during the 20-day period commencing on the date of such notice through the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section 8. Miscellaneous.

(a) Notices. Any
and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided to the Holders, the Company or the Transfer Agent hereunder, including,
without limitation, any Notice of Conversion or Company Conversion Notice, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile,
by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service (i) if to the Holders, at the Holders address set
forth in the book and records of the Company or to another address of such Holder as may be specified by such Holder to the Company in
a written notice delivered in accordance with this Section, or (ii) if to the Company, at 5 Tarshish, Caesarea Industrial Park, 3088900, Israel,
email: zvi@mydario.com or to another address as the Company may specify for such purposes by written notice to the Holders delivered in
accordance with this Section. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest
of (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or via e-mail
at the e-mail address set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading
Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or via e-mail at
the e-mail address set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time)
on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier
service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. To the extent that any notice provided
pursuant to this Certificate of Designations constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries,
the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

(b) Absolute Obligation.
Except as expressly provided herein, no provision of this Certificate of Designations shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company,
which is absolute and unconditional, to pay liquidated damages and accrued dividends, as applicable, on the shares of Series D-2
Preferred Stock at the time, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed.

(c) Lost or Mutilated
Series D-2 Preferred Stock Certificate. If a Holder alleges that such Holders Series D-2 Preferred Stock certificate
has been lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company will only be obligated to issue a replacement certificate if the Holder delivers to the
transfer agent, or the Company, as applicable: (i) a lost certificate affidavit; (ii) an indemnity bond in a form acceptable
to the Companys transfer agent, or if the Company acts as its own transfer agent, an agreement reasonably acceptable to the Company
to indemnify the Company against any claim that may be made against the Company on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of
such certificate; and (iii) any other documentation that the transfer agent or the Company, if the Company acts as its own transfer
agent, may reasonably require.

(d) Governing Law.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Certificate of Designations shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflict
of laws thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Certificate of Designations (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates, directors, officers,
shareholders, employees or agents) shall be commenced in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan
(the New York Courts). Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the New
York Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed
herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally
subject to the jurisdiction of such New York Courts, or such New York Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each
party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding
by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address
in effect for notices to it under this Certificate of Designations and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service
of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner
permitted by applicable law. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all
right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Certificate of Designations or the transactions contemplated
hereby. If any party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Certificate of Designation, then the prevailing
party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred
in the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

(e) Waiver. Any
waiver by the Company or a Holder of a breach of any provision of this Certificate of Designations shall not operate as or be construed
to be a waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Certificate of Designations or a
waiver by any other Holders. The failure of the Company or a Holder to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Certificate of
Designations on one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that party (or any other Holder) of the right thereafter
to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Certificate of Designation. Any waiver by the Company or a Holder
must be in writing.

(f) Severability.
If any provision of this Certificate of Designations is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the balance of this Certificate of Designations
shall remain in effect, and if any provision is inapplicable to any Person or circumstance, it shall nevertheless remain applicable to
all other Persons and circumstances. If it shall be found that any dividend or other amount deemed interest due hereunder violates the
applicable law governing usury, the applicable rate of interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the maximum rate
of interest permitted under applicable law.

(g) Next Business
Day. Whenever any payment or other obligation hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made
on the next succeeding Business Day.

(h) Headings.
The headings contained herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Certificate of Designations and shall not be
deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

(i) Status of Converted
Series D-2 Preferred Stock. If any shares of Series D-2 Preferred Stock shall be converted or reacquired by the Company,
such shares shall resume the status of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock and shall no longer be designated as Series D-2
Convertible Preferred Stock.

[Signature page follows.]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Certificate
of Designations has been executed by a duly authorized officer of the Company as of this 9th day of January, 2025.

/s/ Zvi Ben-David 

Name: Zvi Ben-David 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

ANNEX A

NOTICE OF CONVERSION

(TO BE EXECUTED BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER IN ORDER
TO CONVERT SHARES OF SERIES D-2 PREFERRED STOCK)

The undersigned hereby elects to convert the number
of shares of Series D-2 Convertible Preferred Stock indicated below into shares of common stock, no par value per share (the Common
Stock), of DarioHealth Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Corporation), according to the conditions hereof,
as of the date written below. If shares of Common Stock are to be issued in the name of a Person other than the undersigned, the undersigned
will pay all transfer taxes payable with respect thereto. No fee will be charged to the Holders for any conversion, except for any such
transfer taxes.

Conversion calculations:

Date to Effect Conversion: ___________________________________________________________________________________________

Number of shares of Series D-2 Preferred
Stock owned prior to Conversion: ______________________________________________________

Number of shares of Series D-2 Preferred
Stock to be Converted: ______________________________________________________________

Stated Value of shares of Series D-2 Preferred
Stock to be Converted: __________________________________________________________

Number of shares of Common Stock to be Issued:
_________________________________________________________________________

Applicable Conversion Price: _________________________________________________________________________________________

Number of shares of Series D-2 Preferred
Stock subsequent to Conversion: ______________________________________________________

Address for Delivery: _______________________________________________________________________________________________

Or

DWAC Instructions:

Broker no: ______________________________________________________

Account no: _____________________________________________________

[Holder]

By: 

Name: 

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm252764d1_ex3-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.2

CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF PREFERENCES,

RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS

OF

SERIES D-3 PREFERRED STOCK

OF

DARIOHEALTH CORP.

It is hereby certified that:

1. The name of the Company (hereinafter called
the Company) is DarioHealth Corp., a Delaware corporation.

2. The Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate
of Incorporation) of the Company authorizes the issuance of Five Million (5,000,000) shares of preferred stock, $0.0001
par value per share, of which thirty thousand (30,000) shares have been designated as Series B Preferred Stock, fifteen thousand
(15,000) shares have been designated as Series B-1 Preferred Stock, fifteen thousand (15,000) shares have been designated as Series B-2
Preferred Stock, fifteen thousand (15,000) shares have been designated as Series B-3 Preferred Stock, seventeen thousand four hundred
(17,400) have been designated as Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, four thousand (4,000) have been designated as Series C-1
Convertible Preferred Stock, one thousand one hundred fifteen (1,115) have been designated as Series C-2 Convertible Preferred Stock,
seven thousand and fifty five (7,055) have been designated as Series D Convertible Preferred Stock and eleven thousand seven hundred
and fifty (11,750) have been designated as Series D-1 Convertible Preferred Stock and expressly vests in the Board of Directors of
the Company the authority to issue any or all of said shares in one (1) or more series and by resolution or resolutions to establish
the designation and number and to fix the relative rights and preferences of each series to be issued.

3. The Board of Directors of the Company, pursuant
to the authority expressly vested in it as aforesaid, has adopted the following resolutions creating a Series D-3 issue of Preferred
Stock:

RESOLVED,
that one thousand eight hundred fifty (1,850) of the Five Million (5,000,000) authorized shares of Preferred Stock of the Company shall
be designated Series D-3 Convertible Preferred Stock, $0.0001 par value per share, and shall possess the rights and preferences set
forth below:

Section 1. Definitions.
For the purposes hereof, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Affiliate
means any person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 of the Securities Act. A Person shall be regarded as in control
of the Company if the Company owns or directly or indirectly controls more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting stock or other ownership
interest of the other person, or if it possesses, directly or indirectly, the power to direct or cause the direction of the management
and policies of such person.

Alternate Consideration
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(d).

Attribution Parties
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(e).

Beneficial Ownership
Limitation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(e).

Business Day
means any day except Saturday, Sunday, and any day which shall be a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking
institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close. Whenever any payment or
other obligation hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business
Day.

Certificate of
Designations means this Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series D-3 Preferred
Stock.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock
means the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and stock of any other class of securities into which such securities
may hereafter be reclassified or changed into.

Common Stock
Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries of the Company, whether or not vested or otherwise
convertible or exercisable into shares of Common Stock at the time of such issuance, which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that
is at any time convertible into or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock, and excluding
shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series D-2 Preferred Stock or Series D-3 Preferred Stock.

Company Conversion
Notice means a notice delivered by the Company to effect a Mandatory Conversion of all the outstanding Series D-3
Preferred Stock, provided that the effective date of such Mandatory Conversion shall be no less than ten (10) Business Days following
the date that such notice is deemed to have been given.

Conversion Amount
means the Stated Value at issue.

Conversion Date
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(b).

Conversion Price
means $0.83, subject to adjustment as set forth in Section 7.

Conversion Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the shares of Series D-3 Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms
hereof.

Dividend
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.

Dividend Shares
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.

Effective Date
means the date that this Certificate of Designations is filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Fundamental Transaction
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(d).

Holder
shall mean an owner of shares of Series D-3 Preferred Stock.

Junior Securities
shall be any class or series of capital stock of the Company hereafter created which does not expressly rank pari passu with or senior
to the Series D-3 Preferred Stock.

Liquidation
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(a).

Mandatory Conversion
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(b).

Mandatory Conversion
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(b).

Mandatory Conversion
Determination shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(b).

New York Courts
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8(d).

Notice of Conversion
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a).

Optional Conversion
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a).

Original Issue
Date means the date of the first issuance of any shares of Series D-3 Preferred Stock regardless of the number of
transfers of any particular shares of Series D-3 Preferred Stock and regardless of the number of certificates which may be issued,
if any, to evidence such Series D-3 Preferred Stock.

Parity
Securities means the Common Stock, the Series B Preferred Stock, the Series B-1 Preferred Stock, the Series B-2
Preferred Stock, the Series B-3 Preferred Stock, the Series C Preferred Stock the Series C-1 Preferred Stock, the Series C-2
Preferred Stock, the Series D Preferred Stock, the Series D-1 Preferred Stock, the Series D-2 Preferred Stock and any other
class or series of capital stock of the Company hereinafter created that expressly ranks pari passu with the Series D-3 Preferred
Stock.

Person
means an individual, entity, corporation, partnership, association, limited liability company, limited liability partnership, joint-stock
company, trust or unincorporated organization.

PIK Shares
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.

Preferred Stock
means the Companys preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and stock of any other class of securities into which such securities
may hereafter be reclassified or changed into.

Primary Market
Limitation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(f).

Purchase Rights
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(b).

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Senior Securities
shall be any class or series of capital stock of the Company hereafter created which expressly ranks senior to the Series D-3 Preferred
Stock.

Series D-3
Preferred Stock shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.

Share Delivery
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(d).

Stated Value
means $1,000.00 per share of Series D-3 Preferred Stock.

Stockholder Approval
means, collectively, any and all approvals of the Companys stockholders relating to the issuance of the Preferred Stock and/or
the Conversion Shares, whether such approvals are required (i) by the applicable rules and regulations of the then-applicable
Trading Market and/or (ii) under the Companys certificate of incorporation and the laws of the State of Delaware.

Stockholder Approval
Effective Date means the earliest date on which Stockholder Approval has been received and deemed effective under Delaware
law.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on Exhibit 21.1 to the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K most recently
filed with the Commission, and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired
after the Effective Date.

Trading Day
means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for business.

Trading Market
means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the
NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, OTCQB
or OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transfer Agent
means VStock Transfer LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 18 Lafayette Pl, Woodmere, NY 11598, a
facsimile number of 646-536-3179 and an email address of info@vstocktransfer.com, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Section 2. Designation
and Authorized Shares. The series of Preferred Stock designated by this Certificate of Designations shall be designated as the Companys
Series D-3 Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series D-3 Preferred Stock) and the number of shares
so designated shall be one thousand eight hundred fifty (1,850). So long as any of the Series D-3 Preferred Stock are issued and
outstanding, except for the Series D-2 Preferred Stock, the Company shall not issue any shares of its preferred stock that are senior
to the Series D-3 Preferred Stock in Liquidation without the approval of the Holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding
shares of Series D-3 Preferred Stock. The Series D-3 Preferred Stock shall not be redeemed for cash and under no circumstances
shall the Company be required to net cash settle the Series D-3 Preferred Stock.

Section 3. Dividends.
Holders of shares of Series D-3 Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive: (a) dividends (the Dividends)
payable as the number of shares of Common Stock equal to ten percent (10%) of the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of the Series D-3 Preferred Stock then held by such Holder on the date the dividend is declared (collectively, the PIK
Shares) for each full quarter anniversary of holding for a total of four (4) quarters from the closing date (or 40%
in the aggregate) and (b) dividends equal, on an as-if-converted to shares of Common Stock basis, to and in the same form as dividends
actually paid on shares of the Common Stock when, as, and if such dividends are paid on shares of the Common Stock. The Dividends will
be satisfied solely by delivery of shares of Common Stock or, at the election of the Holder, the Dividends may be paid in the form of
pre-funded warrants to purchase such PIK Shares (the Pre-Funded Warrants). The Dividends shall be accelerated
and paid (to the extent not previously paid) upon the consummation of a Fundamental Transaction. The Dividends shall be paid (to the extent
accrued and not previously paid) upon the Mandatory Conversion Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that a Holders
right to participate in any Dividend of PIK Shares or any stock dividend declared on the Common Stock to which such Holder is entitled
to (Dividend Shares) would result in such Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation or the Primary
Market Limitation, then such Holder shall have the election to either (i) be paid such Dividend Shares in the form of Pre-Funded
Warrants or (ii) not be entitled to participate in any such dividend to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any Dividend
Shares as a result of such dividend to such extent) and the portion of such Dividend Shares that would cause such Holder to exceed the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation or the Primary Market Limitation shall be held by the Company in abeyance for the benefit of such Holder
(which shall not give the Holder any power to vote or dispose of such Dividend Shares) until such time, if ever, as such Holders
beneficial ownership thereof would not result in such Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation or the Primary Market Limitation.

Section 4.
Voting Rights. Except as otherwise provided herein or as otherwise required by law, the Series D-3 Preferred Stock shall have
no voting rights. As long as any shares of Series D-3 Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Company shall not, without the affirmative
vote of the Holders of the majority of the then outstanding shares of the Series D-3 Preferred Stock voting as a separate class,
(a) alter or change adversely the powers, preferences or rights given to the Series D-3 Preferred Stock or alter or amend this
Certificate of Designation, (b) alter or change adversely the powers, preferences or rights given to the Series D-3 Preferred
Stock or alter or amend the Certificate of Designation of the Series D Preferred Stock, the Certificate of Designation of the Series D-1
Preferred Stock and the Certificate of Designation of the Series D-2 Preferred Stock to provide for greater rights than the Series D-3
Preferred Stock, except as it relates to voting rights, (c) authorize or create any class of stock ranking as to dividends, redemption
or distribution of assets upon a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, that is senior
to the Series D-3 Preferred Stock, (d) amend its certificate of incorporation or other charter documents in any manner that
adversely affects any rights of the Holders, (e) increase the number of authorized shares of Series D-3 Preferred Stock, or
(f) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, no
holder of Series D-3 Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote on any matter presented to the Companys stockholders relating
to approving the conversion of such holders Series D-3 Preferred Stock into an amount in excess of the Primary Market Limitation.

Section 5. Liquidation.

(a) The Series D-3
Preferred Stock shall, with respect to distributions of assets and rights upon the occurrence of any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up
of the Company (Liquidation), rank: (i) junior to the Senior Securities, (ii) pari passu with the
Parity Securities; and (iii) senior to the Junior Securities of the Company. Upon any Liquidation, after the satisfaction in full
of the debts of the Company and payment of the liquidation preference to the Senior Securities, the Holders of shares of Series D-3
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to be paid, on a pari passu basis with the payment of any liquidation preference afforded to holders
of any Parity Securities, out of (but only to the extent) the assets of the Company are legally available for distribution to its stockholders,
in the manner described in (b) below.

(b) After the Holders
of all shares of Senior Securities shall have been paid in full the amounts to which they are entitled pursuant to their applicable liquidation
preference as forth in any certificate of designation on the Senior Securities, the remaining assets of the Company available for distribution
to its stockholders shall be distributed among the holders of shares of Series D-3 Preferred Stock, the holders of Common Stock and
other holders of Parity Securities, pro rata based on the number of shares held by each such holder, treating for this purpose all such
Series D-3 Preferred Stock and other Parity Securities as if it had been fully converted into Common Stock (without giving effect
to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) pursuant to the terms of this Certificate of Designations and any certificate of designation on
the Junior Securities, each as in effect immediately prior to such Liquidation.

(c) After
the Holders of all shares of Parity Securities shall have been paid in full the amounts to which they are entitled pursuant to Section 5(b),
the remaining assets of the Company available for distribution to its stockholders shall be distributed among the holders of shares of
Series D-3 Preferred Stock, the holders of Common Stock, other Parity Securities and holders of any Junior Securities, pro rata based
on the number of shares held by each such holder, treating for this purpose all such Series D-3 Preferred Stock, other Parity Securities
and Junior Securities as if it had been fully converted into Common Stock (without giving effect to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation)
pursuant to the terms of this Certificate of Designations and any certificate of designation on the Junior Securities, each as in effect
immediately prior to such Liquidation.

Section 6Conversion.

(a) Conversions at
Option of Holder. At any time and from time to time on or after the Stockholder Approval Effective Date, each share of Series D-3
Preferred Stock (or fraction thereof) shall be convertible, at any time and from time to time, from and after the Original Issue Date
at the option of the Holder thereof into that number of shares of Common Stock (subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation set forth
in Section 6(e) and the Primary Market Limitation set forth in Section 6(f)) determined by dividing the Stated Value by
the Conversion Price then in effect. Holders shall effect conversions by providing the Company and the Transfer Agent, with the form of
conversion notice attached hereto as Annex A (a Notice of Conversion). Each Notice of Conversion
shall specify the number of shares of Series D-3 Preferred Stock to be converted, the number of shares of Series D-3 Preferred
Stock owned prior to such conversion, the number of shares of Series D-3 Preferred Stock owned subsequent to such conversion and
the date on which such conversion is to be effected, which date may not be prior to the date the applicable Holder delivers such Notice
of Conversion to the Company pursuant to Section 6 and in accordance with Section 9 (such date, the Optional Conversion
Date). Such Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Conversion Shares
with respect to which the shares of Series D-3 Preferred Stock have been converted as of the Optional Conversion Date. If no Optional
Conversion Date is specified in a Notice of Conversion, the Optional Conversion Date shall be the date that such Notice of Conversion
and Cancellation Request are deemed delivered to the Company in accordance with Section 9. The calculations and entries set forth
in the Notice of Conversion shall control in the absence of manifest or mathematical error. No ink-original Notice of Conversion shall
be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Conversion form be required.
To effect conversions of shares of Series D-3 Preferred Stock, a Holder shall not be required to surrender any Certificated Series D-3
Preferred Stock to the Company unless all of the shares of Series D-3 Preferred Stock represented by any such certificate are so
converted, in which case such Holder shall deliver the Certificated Series D-3 Preferred Stock promptly following the Optional Conversion
Date. To the extent that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation contained in Section 6(e) or the Primary Market Limitation contained
in Section 6(f) applies to the converting Holder, the determination of whether the Series D-3 Preferred Stock is convertible
(in relation to other securities owned by such Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of how many shares of
Series D-3 Preferred Stock are convertible shall be in the sole discretion of such Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Conversion
shall be deemed to be such Holders determination of whether the shares of Series D-3 Preferred Stock may be converted (in
relation to other securities owned by such Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and how many shares of the Series D-3
Preferred Stock are convertible, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation or the Primary Market Limitation. To ensure
compliance with this restriction, each Holder will be deemed to represent to the Company each time it delivers a Notice of Conversion
that such Notice of Conversion has not violated the restrictions set forth in this Section and the Company shall have no obligation
to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination.

(b) Mandatory Conversion.
Subject to the receipt of Stockholder Approval, on the twelve (12) month anniversary of the Original Issue Date (the Mandatory
Conversion Date and together with an Optional Conversion Date, the Conversion Date), each outstanding
share of Series D-3 Preferred Stock will automatically convert (subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation set forth in Section 6(e) and
the Primary Market Limitation set forth in Section 6(f)) into such number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock
as is determined by dividing the Stated Value by the Conversion Price in effect on the Mandatory Conversion Date (a Mandatory
Conversion). Within one Trading Day of (x) the Mandatory Conversion Date, if the shares of Series D-3 Preferred
Stock are held in book entry form, or (y) such Holders surrender of Certificated Series D-3 Preferred Stock (or, if such
registered holder alleges that such certificate has been lost, stolen or destroyed, a lost certificate affidavit and an indemnity or security
reasonably acceptable to the Company (which shall not include the posting of any bond) to indemnify the Company against any claim that
may be made against the Company on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of such certificate), the Company shall deliver:
(I) to each Holder, the Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of such Holders Series D-3 Preferred Stock via the
Certificated Preferred Stock, and (II) the PIK Shares issuable upon Mandatory Conversion under Section 3, to Holders as of the
Mandatory Conversion Date; provided that, any failure by the Holder to return Certificated Series D-3 Preferred Stock, if any, will
have no effect on the Mandatory Conversion pursuant to this Section 6(b), which Mandatory Conversion will be deemed to occur on the
Mandatory Conversion Date. To the extent that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation contained in Section 6(e) or the Primary Market
Limitation contained in Section 6(f) applies to any Holder, such Holder shall within five Business Days of such Holders
receipt of the Company Conversion Notice, provide the Company with a written determination (a Mandatory Conversion Determination),
delivered in accordance with Section 9, of whether such Holders Series D-3 Preferred Stock is convertible (in relation
to other securities owned by such Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of how many shares of Series D-3
Preferred Stock are convertible, and the submission of a Mandatory Conversion Determination shall be deemed to be such Holders
determination of the maximum number of shares of Series D-3 Preferred Stock that may be converted, subject to the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation or the Primary Market Limitation and the portion of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such Mandatory Conversion hereunder
that would cause such Holder to exceed the Beneficial Ownership Limitation or the Primary Market Limitation shall at the election of the
Holder, (i) be issued such shares in the form of Pre-Funded Warrants or (ii) such shares shall be held by the Company in abeyance
for the benefit of such Holder (which shall not give the Holder any power to vote or dispose of such shares) until such time, if ever,
as such Holders beneficial ownership thereof would not result in such Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation or the
Primary Market Limitation. To ensure compliance with this restriction, each Holder will be deemed to represent to the Company each time
it delivers a Mandatory Conversion Determination that such determination has not violated the restrictions set forth in Section 6(e) or
Section 6(f) and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination.

(c) Conversion Shares.
The aggregate number of Conversion Shares which the Company shall issue upon conversion of the Series D-3 Preferred Stock (whether
pursuant to Section 6(a) or 6(b)) will be equal to the number of shares of Series D-3 Preferred Stock to be converted,
multiplied by the Stated Value, divided by the Conversion Price in effect at the time of the conversion.

(d) Mechanics of Conversion.

(i) Delivery of
Conversion Shares upon Conversion. Promptly after the applicable Conversion Date, but in any case within the earlier of (i) one
(1) Trading Day and (ii) the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below) thereof (the Share Delivery Date),
the Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the converting Holder the number of Conversion Shares being acquired upon the
conversion of the Series D-3 Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 6(a) or 6(b), as applicable, any PIK Shares to which
the Holder is entitled pursuant to Section 3 that have not been previously issued, if any, and a wire transfer of immediately available
funds in the amount of accrued and unpaid cash dividends, if any. Conversion Shares issuable hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer
Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with DTC through its Deposit
or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and otherwise
by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for
the number of Conversion Shares and PIK Shares, if any, to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such conversion to the address specified
by the Holder in the Notice of Conversion or the Company Conversion Notice, as the case may be. The Company shall (A) deliver (or
cause to be delivered) to the converting Holder who has converted less than all of such Holders Certificated Series D-3 Preferred
Stock (1) a certificate or certificates, of like tenor, for the number of shares of Series D-3 Preferred Stock evidenced by
any surrendered certificate or certificates less the number of shares of Series D-3 Preferred Stock converted. The Company agrees
to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the DTCs FAST program so long as any shares of Series D-3 Preferred
Stock remain outstanding. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period,
expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on
the date of delivery of the Notice of Conversion.

(ii) Failure to Deliver
Conversion Shares upon an Optional Conversion. If, in the case of any Notice of Conversion, such Conversion Shares are not delivered
to or as directed by the applicable Holder by the Share Delivery Date, in addition to any other rights herein, the Holder shall be entitled
to elect by written notice to the Transfer Agent, on behalf of the Company, at any time on or before its receipt of such Conversion Shares,
to rescind such Conversion, in which event the Company shall promptly return to the Holder any Certificated Series D-3 Preferred
Stock delivered to the Company and the Holder shall promptly return to the Company the Conversion Shares issued to such Holder pursuant
to the rescinded Notice of Conversion.

(iii) Obligation
Absolute. The Companys obligation to issue and deliver the Conversion Shares upon conversion of Series D-3 Preferred Stock
in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction by a Holder to enforce the
same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against any Person or any action to enforce
the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by such Holder or any other
Person of any obligation to the Company or any violation or alleged violation of law by such Holder or any other person, and irrespective
of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Company to such Holder in connection with the issuance of
such Conversion Shares; provided, however, that such delivery shall not operate as a waiver by the Company of
any such action that the Company may have against such Holder.

(iv) [Reserved].

(v) Reservation
of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion. The Company covenants that it will at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized
and unissued shares of Common Stock, free from preemptive rights or any other actual contingent purchase rights of Persons other than
the Holders of the Series D-3 Preferred Stock, not less than such aggregate number of shares of the Common Stock as shall be issuable
(i) upon the conversion of all outstanding shares of Series D-3 Preferred Stock (taking into account the adjustments and restrictions
of Section 7) and (ii) in respect of the PIK Shares. The Company covenants that all Conversion Shares and PIK Shares shall,
when issued, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

(vi) Fractional Shares.
No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of or as dividends on the Series D-3
Preferred Stock. As to any fraction of a share which a Holder would otherwise be entitled to upon such conversion or in respect of any
such dividend, the Company shall round up to the next whole share of Common Stock.

(vii) Transfer Taxes
and Expenses. The issuance of Conversion Shares on conversion of this Series D-3 Preferred Stock shall be made without charge
to any Holder for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery of such Conversion Shares,
provided that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance
and delivery of any such Conversion Shares upon conversion in a name other than that of the Holders of such shares of Series D-3
Preferred Stock and the Company shall not be required to issue or deliver such Conversion Shares and shall not be responsible for partial
liquidated damages under Section 6(d)(iii) or penalties under Section 6(d)(iv) unless or until the Person or Persons
requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Company the amount of such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction of
the Company that such tax has been paid.

(e) Beneficial Ownership
Limitation. Subject to all other limitations as set forth herein, the Company shall not effect any conversion of the Series D-3
Preferred Stock, including, without limitation, a Mandatory Conversion, and a Holder shall not have the right to receive dividends hereunder
or convert any portion of the Series D-3 Preferred Stock, to the extent that, after giving effect to the receipt of Dividend Shares
hereunder or conversion set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion, such Holder (together with such Holders Affiliates (which
for purposes of this Section 6(e) and Section 7(b), shall include any employee of such Holder and any person having beneficial
ownership of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder), and any Persons acting as a group together with such Holder or
any of such Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)) would beneficially own in excess
of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock
beneficially owned by such Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock received
as Dividend Shares or issuable upon conversion of the Series D-3 Preferred Stock with respect to which such determination is being
made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which are issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, unconverted
Series D-3 Preferred Stock beneficially owned by such Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise
or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the Company subject to a limitation on conversion or
exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein (including, without limitation, the Series D-3 Preferred Stock) beneficially
owned by such Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this
Section 6(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation
is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be
filed in accordance therewith (other than as it relates to a Holder relying on the number of shares issued and outstanding as provided
by the Company pursuant to this Section). In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined
in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes
of this Section 6(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock as stated in the most recent of the following: (i) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report
filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (ii) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (iii) a more recent
written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or
oral request (which may be via email) of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to such Holder
the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99%
(or, at the written election of any Holder delivered to the Company pursuant to the terms of Section 9 prior to the issuance of any
shares of Series D-3 Preferred Stock, 9.99%) of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect
to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of Series D-3 Preferred Stock held by the applicable Holder. A
Holder, upon at least sixty-one (61) days advance notice to the Company, may terminate, increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation provisions of this Section 6(e); provided, however, that the Holder shall not be entitled to increase or terminate the
limitation contained in this Section 6(e) if the Holder has acquired (or if any of the Holders Attribution Parties has
acquired) the Series D-3 Preferred Stock with the purpose or effect of changing or influencing the control of the Company. The limitations
contained in this Section 6(e) shall apply to a successor holder of Series D-3 Preferred Stock. The limitations contained
in this Section 6(e) and Section 7(b) shall terminate immediately at any time at which the Common Stock ceases to
be an equity security as defined in Rule 13d-1(i) promulgated under the Exchange Act (or any successor rule).

(f) Primary Market
Limitation. Subject to all other limitations as set forth herein, unless the Company obtains Stockholder Approval, the Company shall
not effect any conversion of the Series D-3 Preferred Stock, including, without limitation, a Mandatory Conversion, and a Holder
shall not have the right to receive dividends hereunder or convert any portion of the Series D-3 Preferred Stock, to the extent
that, after giving effect to the receipt of dividends hereunder or conversion set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion, the Holder,
together with the Attribution Parties, would beneficially own in excess of the Primary Market Limitation (as defined below). For purposes
of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution
Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock received as dividends or issuable upon conversion of the Series D-3 Preferred
Stock with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which are issuable
upon (i) conversion of the remaining, unconverted Series D-3 Preferred Stock beneficially owned by such Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities
of the Company subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein (including, without limitation,
the Series D-3 Preferred Stock) beneficially owned by such Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set
forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 6(f), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with
Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder
that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange
Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith (other than as it relates to
a Holder relying on the number of shares issued and outstanding as provided by the Company pursuant to this Section). For purposes of
this Section 6(f), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock as stated in the most recent of the following: (i) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report
filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (ii) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (iii) a more recent
written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written
or oral request (which may be via email) of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to such
Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. The Primary Market Limitation shall be 19.99%
of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately before giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable
upon conversion of the Series D-3 Preferred Stock and/or the issuance of the Dividend Shares. The limitations contained in this
paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of the Series D-3 Preferred Stock.

Section 7. Certain
Adjustments.

(a) Stock Dividends
and Stock Splits. If the Company, at any time while the Series D-3 Preferred Stock is outstanding: (A) pays a stock dividend
or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock or any other Common Stock
Equivalents (which, for avoidance of doubt, will not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon conversion of this
Series D-3 Preferred Stock or payment of a dividend on this Series D-3 Preferred Stock); (B) subdivides outstanding shares
of Common Stock into a larger number of shares; (C) combines (including by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common
Stock into a smaller number of shares; or (D) issues, in the event of a reclassification of shares of the Common Stock, any shares
of capital stock of the Company, then the Conversion Price will be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator will be the number
of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Company) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator
will be the number of shares of Common Stock, or in the event that clause (D) of this Section 7(a) will apply shares of
reclassified capital stock, outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 7(a) will
become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution
and will become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

(b) Subsequent Rights
Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 7(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or
sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders
of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire,
upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had
held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of such Holders Series D-3 Preferred Stock
(without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately
before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights
(provided, however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation or the Primary Market Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate
in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such
extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall, at the election of the Holder, (i) be issued such shares in the form of Pre-Funded
Warrants or (ii) be held in abeyance by the Company for the Holder (which shall not give the Holder any power to vote or dispose
of such Purchase Rights) until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation or the Primary Market Limitation).

(c) Pro Rata Distributions.
During such time as this Series D-3 Preferred Stock is outstanding, if the Company declares or makes any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including,
without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time
after the issuance of this Series D-3 Preferred Stock, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such
Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common
Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Series D-3 Preferred Stock (without regard to any limitations on conversion hereof,
including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution,
or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation
in such Distribution (provided, however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result
in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation or the Primary Market Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to
participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution
to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall, at the election of the Holder, (i) be issued such shares in the form
of Pre-Funded Warrants or (ii) be held in abeyance by the company for the benefit of the Holder (which shall not give the Holder
any power to vote or dispose of such shares) until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation or the Primary Market Limitation).

(d) Fundamental Transaction.
If, at any time while the Series D-3 Preferred Stock is outstanding, (A) the Company effects any merger or consolidation of
the Company with or into another Person, (B) the Company effects any sale of all or substantially all of its assets in one transaction
or a series of related transactions, or (C) the Company effects any reclassification of the Common Stock or any compulsory share
exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (in any
such case, a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent conversion of the Series D-3 Preferred
Stock, the Holders shall have the right to receive, for each Conversion Share that would have been issuable upon such conversion immediately
prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, the same kind and amount of securities, cash or property as it would have been
entitled to receive upon the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction if it had been, immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction,
the holder of one share of Common Stock (the Alternate Consideration). For purposes of any such conversion, the determination
of the Conversion Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration
issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall adjust the Conversion Price in
a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock
are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holders shall be given
the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration they receive upon any conversion of the Series D-3 Preferred Stock following such
Fundamental Transaction. To the extent necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any successor to the Company or surviving entity
in such Fundamental Transaction shall file a new Certificate of Designation with the same terms and conditions and issue to the Holders
new preferred stock consistent with the foregoing provisions and evidencing the Holders right to convert such preferred stock into
Alternate Consideration. The terms of any agreement pursuant to which a Fundamental Transaction is effected shall include terms requiring
any such successor or surviving entity to comply with the provisions of this Section 7(d) and insuring that the Series D-3
Preferred Stock (or any such replacement security) will be substantially similar in form and substance to this Certificate of Designations
and insuring that the Series D-3 Preferred Stock will be convertible for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such
successor entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon conversion of this Series D-3
Preferred Stock (without regard to any limitations on the conversion of this Series D-3 Preferred Stock) prior to such Fundamental
Transaction, and with a conversion price which applies the conversion price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into
account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital
stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such conversion price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this
Series D-3 Preferred Stock immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction) and will be similarly adjusted
upon any subsequent transaction analogous to a Fundamental Transaction.

(e) Subsequent Equity
Sales. If during the period commencing on the Original Issue Date and expiring sixty (60) days thereafter, the Company at any time
while the Series D-3 Preferred Stock is outstanding, shall sell or grant a subsequent class of preferred stock, at an effective
price per share less than the Conversion Price then in effect (such lower price, the Base Share Price and such issuances
collectively, a Dilutive Issuance), then simultaneously with the consummation of each Dilutive Issuance the Conversion
Price shall be reduced and only reduced to equal the Base Share Price. The Company shall notify the Holder, in writing, no later than
three (3) Trading Days following the issuance or deemed issuance of any preferred stock subject to this Section 7(e), indicating
therein the applicable issuance price, or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion price and other pricing terms.

(f) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 7 will be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be.

(g) Notice to the
Holders.

(i) Adjustment to Conversion Price. Whenever the Conversion Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 7, the Company shall promptly deliver to each Holder a notice setting forth the Conversion Price after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

(ii) Notice to Allow Conversion by Holder. If (A) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property or (B) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be filed at each office or agency maintained for the purpose of conversion of the Series D-3 Preferred Stock, and shall cause to be delivered to each Holder pursuant to Section 9, at least twenty (20) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a written notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of seeking such stockholder approval or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange, provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to convert such Holders Series D-3 Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 6(a) (subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation and the Primary Market Limitation) during the 20-day period commencing on the date of such notice through the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section 8. Miscellaneous.

(a) Notices. Any
and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided to the Holders, the Company or the Transfer Agent hereunder, including,
without limitation, any Notice of Conversion or Company Conversion Notice, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile,
by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service (i) if to the Holders, at the Holders address set
forth in the book and records of the Company or to another address of such Holder as may be specified by such Holder to the Company in
a written notice delivered in accordance with this Section, or (ii) if to the Company, at 5 Tarshish, Caesarea Industrial Park, 3088900, Israel,
email: zvi@mydario.com or to another address as the Company may specify for such purposes by written notice to the Holders delivered in
accordance with this Section. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest
of (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or via e-mail
at the e-mail address set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading
Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or via e-mail at
the e-mail address set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time)
on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier
service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. To the extent that any notice provided
pursuant to this Certificate of Designations constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries,
the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

(b) Absolute Obligation.
Except as expressly provided herein, no provision of this Certificate of Designations shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company,
which is absolute and unconditional, to pay liquidated damages and accrued dividends, as applicable, on the shares of Series D-3
Preferred Stock at the time, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed.

(c) Lost or Mutilated
Series D-3 Preferred Stock Certificate. If a Holder alleges that such Holders Series D-3 Preferred Stock certificate
has been lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company will only be obligated to issue a replacement certificate if the Holder delivers to the
transfer agent, or the Company, as applicable: (i) a lost certificate affidavit; (ii) an indemnity bond in a form acceptable
to the Companys transfer agent, or if the Company acts as its own transfer agent, an agreement reasonably acceptable to the Company
to indemnify the Company against any claim that may be made against the Company on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of
such certificate; and (iii) any other documentation that the transfer agent or the Company, if the Company acts as its own transfer
agent, may reasonably require.

(d) Governing Law.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Certificate of Designations shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflict
of laws thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Certificate of Designations (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates, directors, officers,
shareholders, employees or agents) shall be commenced in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan
(the New York Courts). Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the New
York Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed
herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally
subject to the jurisdiction of such New York Courts, or such New York Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each
party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding
by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address
in effect for notices to it under this Certificate of Designations and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service
of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner
permitted by applicable law. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all
right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Certificate of Designations or the transactions contemplated
hereby. If any party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Certificate of Designation, then the prevailing
party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred
in the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

(e) Waiver. Any
waiver by the Company or a Holder of a breach of any provision of this Certificate of Designations shall not operate as or be construed
to be a waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Certificate of Designations or a
waiver by any other Holders. The failure of the Company or a Holder to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Certificate of
Designations on one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that party (or any other Holder) of the right thereafter
to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Certificate of Designation. Any waiver by the Company or a Holder
must be in writing.

(f) Severability.
If any provision of this Certificate of Designations is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the balance of this Certificate of Designations
shall remain in effect, and if any provision is inapplicable to any Person or circumstance, it shall nevertheless remain applicable to
all other Persons and circumstances. If it shall be found that any dividend or other amount deemed interest due hereunder violates the
applicable law governing usury, the applicable rate of interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the maximum rate
of interest permitted under applicable law.

(g) Next Business
Day. Whenever any payment or other obligation hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made
on the next succeeding Business Day.

(h) Headings.
The headings contained herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Certificate of Designations and shall not be
deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

(i) Status of Converted
Series D-3 Preferred Stock. If any shares of Series D-3 Preferred Stock shall be converted or reacquired by the Company,
such shares shall resume the status of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock and shall no longer be designated as Series D-3
Convertible Preferred Stock.

[Signature page follows.]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Certificate
of Designations has been executed by a duly authorized officer of the Company as of this 9th day of January, 2025.

/s/
Zvi Ben-David 

Name: Zvi Ben-David 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

ANNEX A

NOTICE OF CONVERSION

(TO BE EXECUTED BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER IN ORDER
TO CONVERT SHARES OF SERIES D-3 PREFERRED STOCK)

The undersigned hereby elects to convert the number
of shares of Series D-3 Convertible Preferred Stock indicated below into shares of common stock, no par value per share (the Common
Stock), of DarioHealth Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Corporation), according to the conditions hereof,
as of the date written below. If shares of Common Stock are to be issued in the name of a Person other than the undersigned, the undersigned
will pay all transfer taxes payable with respect thereto. No fee will be charged to the Holders for any conversion, except for any such
transfer taxes.

Conversion calculations:

Date to Effect Conversion: ___________________________________________________________________________________________________

Number of shares of Series D-3 Preferred
Stock owned prior to Conversion: ______________________________________________________________

Number of shares of Series D-3 Preferred
Stock to be Converted: ______________________________________________________________________

Stated Value of shares of Series D-3 Preferred
Stock to be Converted: ___________________________________________________________________

Number of shares of Common Stock to be Issued:
__________________________________________________________________________________

Applicable Conversion Price: _________________________________________________________________________________________________

Number of shares of Series D-3 Preferred
Stock subsequent to Conversion: ________________________________________________________________

Address for Delivery: _______________________________________________________________________________________________________

Or

DWAC Instructions:

Broker no: 

Account no: 

[Holder]

By: 

Name: 

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm252764d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This SECURITIES PURCHASE
AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is dated as of January 7, 2025, by and among DarioHealth Corp., a Delaware
corporation (the Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including its
successors and assigns, a Purchaser and collectively, the Purchasers).

WHEREAS,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act), and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated thereunder, the Company desires
to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, Securities of
the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable
consideration the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, agree
as follows:

ARTICLE I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement: (a) capitalized terms that are
not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Certificate of Designation (as defined herein), and (b) the
following capitalized terms have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring
Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.7.

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

BHCA
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(hh).

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day
on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Certificate
of Designation means the Series D-2 Certificate of Designation and/or the Series D-3 Certificate of Designation.

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing
Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties
thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys
obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Conversion
Price shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Series D-2 Certificate of Designation or the Series D-3
Certificate of Designation.

Conversion
Shares shall mean the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock.

Disqualification
Event shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(mm).

Disclosure
Schedules means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company delivered concurrently herewith.

Environmental
Laws shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(m).

Evaluation
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(s).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Existing
Holders means holders of both of the Companys Series B Preferred Stock (and all related classes) and Series C
Preferred Stock (and all related classes) and who hold at least 250 shares of the Companys Series B Preferred Stock and Series C
Preferred Stock in total, who agree to purchase Series D -2 Preferred Stock or Series D-3 Preferred Stock in this Offering in
an amount equal to at least half of the aggregate purchase price of the Series B Preferred Stock (and all related classes) and Series C
Preferred Stock (and all related classes) held at the Closing Date.

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

Federal
Reserve shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(hh).

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Hazardous
Material shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(m).

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p).

Legend
Removal Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.1(c).

Liens
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Lock Up
Agreement means that certain lock up agreement to be executed by the Existing Holders in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit D.

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Maximum
Amount means the sale of $25,000,000 of Preferred Stock.

Minimum
Amount means the sale of $15,000,000 of Preferred Stock.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Preferred
Stock means the Series D-2 Preferred Stock and the Series D-3 Preferred Stock.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.10.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such rule may be amended or interpreted from
time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such rule.

Securities
means the Preferred Stock and Conversion Shares.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Series D-2
Certificate of Designation means the Certificate of Designation to be filed prior to the Closing by the Company with the Secretary
of State of Delaware, in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto.

Series D-3
Certificate of Designation means the Certificate of Designation to be filed prior to the Closing by the Company with the Secretary
of State of Delaware, in the form of Exhibit b attached hereto.

Series D-2
Preferred Stock means up to 4,979 shares of the Companys Series D-2 Convertible Preferred Stock issued hereunder
having the rights, preferences and privileges set forth in the Series D-2 Certificate of Designation.

Series D-3
Preferred Stock means up to 1,850 shares of the Companys Series D-3 Convertible Preferred Stock issued hereunder
having the rights, preferences and privileges set forth in the Series D-3 Certificate of Designation.

Shareholder
Approval means such approval as may be required by the applicable rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market (or
any successor entity) from the shareholders of the Company with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
including the issuance of all of the Conversion Shares and shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the Lock Up Agreements in excess
of 19.99% of the issued and outstanding Common Stock on the Closing Date.

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not
be deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

Standard
Settlement Period shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.1(c).

Stated
Value means $1,000.00 per share of Preferred Stock.

Subscription
Amount shall mean, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for the Securities purchased hereunder as specified
below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount,
in United States dollars and in immediately available funds.

Subsidiary
and Subsidiaries shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in Section 3.1(a).

Sullivan
means Sullivan & Worcester LLP, with offices located at 1251 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10020.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means the Nasdaq Capital Market.

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Certificate of Designations, the Lock Up Agreement and all exhibits and schedules thereto
and hereto and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means VStock Transfer, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, with an address at 18 Lafayette Place, Woodmere,
NY 11598, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

ARTICLE II.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1 Closing.
The purchase, sale and issuance of the Preferred Stock shall take place at one or more closings (each of which is referred to in this
Agreement as a Closing). The initial Closing (the Initial Closing) shall take place remotely
via the exchange of documents and signatures, on or before January 30, 2025, which period may be extended by the Company until January 30,
2025 (such date or such other date as the Company and the Purchasers agree, the Outside Closing Date). The Initial
Closing shall not take place unless proceeds equal to or more than the Minimum Amount. If less than the Maximum Amount is sold at the
Initial Closing, then, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company may sell and issue at one or more subsequent
closings (each, a Subsequent Closing), on or before the Outside Closing Date (the Subsequent Closing Period),
up to the balance of the unissued Preferred Stock.

The purchase and sale of the
Preferred Stock to the Purchasers shall take place upon each Closing, on the terms and conditions contained herein. Each Purchasers
Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser shall be made available for Delivery
Versus Payment settlement with the Company or its designees. The Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its Preferred Stock as
determined pursuant to Section 2.2, and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2
deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, a Closing shall occur.

2.2 Deliveries.

(a) On
or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following:

(i) this Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii) a certificate (or entry in the Companys book entry stock ledger) evidencing a number of shares of Series D-2 Preferred Stock (or at the Purchasers election, Series D-3 Preferred Stock) equal to 100% of such Purchasers Subscription Amount divided by the Stated Value, registered in the name of such Purchaser and evidence of the filing and acceptance of the Series D-2 Certificate of Designation (or the Series D-3 Certificate of Designation) from the Secretary of State of Delaware;

(iii) the Companys wire instructions, on Company letterhead and executed by the Companys Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer;

(iv) an Officers Certificate, in form and substance satisfactory to the Purchasers; 

(v) Secretarys Certificate, in form and substance satisfactory to the Purchasers;

(vi) with respect to the Existing Holders, the Lock Up Agreement duly executed by the Company; and 

(vii) a legal opinion of Company counsel in a form reasonably acceptable to the Purchasers. 

(b) In
addition to delivering the Subscription Amount as contemplated by Section 2.1, on or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall
deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following:

(i) this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; 

(ii) a duly executed accredited investor questionnaire in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit C; and

(iii) with respect to the Existing Holders, the Lock Up Agreement duly executed by the Existing Holders; and 

(iv) such Purchasers Subscription Amount.

2.3 Closing
Conditions.

(a) The
obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality, in all respects) on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be true and correct as of such date);

(ii) all obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed; 

(ii) the delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b) The
respective obligations of each of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being
met:

(i) the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein, which shall be true and correct as of such specified date);

(ii) all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

(iii) the Company shall have received all governmental, regulatory or third party consents and approvals, if any, necessary for the sale of the Securities as contemplated hereby and the Companys execution, delivery and performance of its obligations hereunder;

(iv) there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof;

(v) from the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys principal Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of such Purchaser, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Closing; and

(vi) the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement.

ARTICLE III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations
and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part
hereof and shall qualify any representation made herein to the extent of the disclosures contained in the corresponding section of the
Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each Purchaser:

(a) Subsidiaries.
All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a) (each, a Subsidiary,
and collectively, the Subsidiaries). Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a), the Subsidiaries are the only direct
or indirect subsidiaries of the Company. The Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests
of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly
issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.

(b) Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to
own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in
violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational
or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign
corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification
necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or be expected to result
in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material adverse
effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely
basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect)
and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail
such power and authority or qualification.

(c) Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder and
to issue the Securities in accordance with the term hereof and thereof. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other
Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized
by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys
stockholders in connection herewith or therewith, other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other
Transaction Document to which it is a party has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered
in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the
Company in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, and (ii) as
limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies.

(d) No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it
is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do
not and will not: (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles
of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, (ii) conflict with, violate, or constitute a default (or an
event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties
or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation
(with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any bond, debenture, note or other evidence of indebtedness, or under any lease,
license, franchise, permit, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement, joint venture or other agreement or instrument to which
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected,
or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment,
injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including
federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected;
except in the case of clause (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e) Filings,
Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, approval, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice
to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority, self-regulatory
organization, stock exchange or other trading market, or other Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the
Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the Current Report on Form 8-K to be filed by the Company with the Commission
pursuant to Section 4.6 of this Agreement, (ii) the notice and/or application(s) required to be made by the Company to
the Nasdaq Capital Market for the issuance and sale of the Securities and the listing of the Conversion Shares for trading thereon in
the time and manner required thereby, (iii) the filing by the Company of Form D with the Commission in connection with the offering
and issuance of the Securities hereunder and such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws, and (iv) Shareholder
Approval (collectively, the Required Approvals). The Company is unaware of any facts or circumstances that might
prevent the Company from obtaining the approval of the Nasdaq Capital Market for the listing of the Conversion Shares for trading thereon
effective immediately upon the Closing.

(f) Issuance
of the Securities; Registration. The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the terms of
this Agreement, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens other than restrictions on
transfer pursuant to applicable securities laws. The issuance and delivery of the Preferred Stock will not be subject to preemptive,
co-sale, right of first refusal or any other similar rights of any stockholder of the Company or any other person, or any Liens or result
in the triggering of any anti-dilution or other similar rights under any outstanding securities of the Company.

(g) Capitalization.
As of January 6, 2025, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of (i) 160,000,000 shares of Common Stock,
of which, 38,388,431 are issued and outstanding, and 70,208,901 shares are reserved for issuance pursuant to securities exercisable or
exchangeable for, or convertible into, shares of Common Stock (except for any shares of convertible preferred stock) and (ii) 5,000,000
shares of preferred stock, of which (w) 75,000 have been designated as Series A, A-1, A-2, A-3 or A-4, of which 3,557 are issued
and outstanding and are convertible into 1,655,548 shares of Common Stock (including 777,275 dividend shares), (x) 75,000 have been
designated as Series B, B-1, B-2 or B-3, of which 4,946 are issued and outstanding and are convertible into 2,299,432 (including
815,929 dividend shares) shares of Common Stock, and (y) 22,515 have been designated as Series C, C-1 or C-2, of which 22,277
are issued and outstanding and are convertible into 13,497,265 (including 2,479,093 dividend shares), and (z) 25,000 have been designated
as Series D or D-1 of which 18,805 are issued and outstanding and are convertible into 25,762,850 shares of Common Stock. No shares
of Common Stock are held in treasury. All of such outstanding shares are duly authorized and have been, or upon issuance will be, validly
issued and are fully paid and nonassessable. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports or as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities,
there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to,
or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe
for or acquire any shares of Common Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements
by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or
capital stock of any Subsidiary. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the
Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers) and will not result
in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such securities.
There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions,
and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound
to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock
plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such
outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further
approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities.
There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock
to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

(h) SEC
Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be
filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof,
for the two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material)
(the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred
to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material
respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained
any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company has never been an issuer
subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply
in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto
as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting
principles (GAAP) applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved, except as may be otherwise specified
in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required
by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and
for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements,
to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments. To the knowledge of the Company, there are no material outstanding or unresolved comments
from the staff of the Commission with respect to any of the SEC Reports.

(i) Material
Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since December 31, 2023, except as specifically disclosed in a subsequent
SEC Report filed prior to the date hereof: (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has incurred any liabilities (contingent
or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed
in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) neither the Company nor
any Subsidiary has declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed
or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock, (v) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has sold
any assets or made any capital expenditures, in each case outside of the ordinary course of business and (vi) the Company
has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company stock option or incentive
plans. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has taken any steps to seek protection pursuant to any bankruptcy law nor does
the Company have any knowledge or reason to believe that its creditors intend to initiate involuntary bankruptcy proceedings or have any
actual knowledge of any fact that would reasonably lead any such creditor to do so.

(j) Litigation.
There is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened
against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental
or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an Action)
which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities
or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. There
has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving
the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending
the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

(k) Labor
Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company,
which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries employees
is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships
with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, is, or is now expected
to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement
or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued
employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any
of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and
regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the
failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(l) Compliance.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived
that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or
any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement
or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default
or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental
authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including
without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety,
product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect.

(m) Environmental
Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws
relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface
or subsurface strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants,
or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise
relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials,
as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters,
orders, permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws);
(ii) have received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their
respective businesses; and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in
each clause (i), (ii) and (iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate,
a Material Adverse Effect.

(n) Regulatory
Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal,
state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports, except
where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material
Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification
of any Material Permit.

(o) Title
to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them and good
and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each
case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially
interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment
of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of which
is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries
are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material
respects.

(p) Intellectual
Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications,
service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar rights
necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which the failure to
so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). None of, and neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a written notice that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired, terminated or
been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement except
as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the
date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge
that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person and neither is aware of any facts which would
form a reasonable basis for any such claim, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect.
To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another
Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect
the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Intellectual Property Rights used by the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries in their respective businesses has been obtained or is being used by the Company or such Subsidiary in violation
of any contractual obligation binding on the Company or any of its subsidiaries in violation of the rights of any person. The Company
and its subsidiaries have taken all reasonable steps in accordance with normal industry practice to protect and maintain the Intellectual
Property Rights including, without limitation, the execution of appropriate nondisclosure and invention assignment agreements. The consummation
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not result in the loss or impairment of, or payment of, and additional material
amounts with respect to, nor require the consent of, any other person regarding the Companys or any of its subsidiaries
right to own or use any of the Intellectual Property Rights as owned or used in the conduct of such partys business as currently
conducted. To the knowledge of the Company and its Subsidiaries, no employee of any of the Company or its subsidiaries is the subject
of any pending claim or proceeding involving a violation of any term of any employment contract, invention disclosure agreement, patent
disclosure agreement, noncompetition agreement, non-solicitation agreement, nondisclosure agreement or restrictive covenant to or with
a former employer, where the basis of such violation relates to such employees employment with the Company or its subsidiaries
or actions undertaken by the employee while employed with the Company or its Subsidiaries.

(q) Insurance.
The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such
amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged.

(r) Transactions
With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, none of the officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary
and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with
the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other
arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing
for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee
or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is
an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for: (i) payment of
salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other
employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

(s) Sarbanes-Oxley;
Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission
thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of
internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements
general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements
general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable
intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and
designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it
files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions
rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange
Act (such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the
Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their
evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting
(as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(t) Certain
Fees. No brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial
advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents. The Purchasers shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or
on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents.

(u) Investment
Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities, will not
be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The
Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(v) Registration
Rights. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, no Person has any right to cause the Company to effect the registration under the
Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

(w) Listing
and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered as a class pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange
Act, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration
of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating
such registration. The Common Stock is included for listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market and has not been suspended from such listing
by the Nasdaq Capital Market or the Commission. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company has received no communication, written
or oral, from any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance
with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in
the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements. The Common Stock is currently
eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current
in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic
transfer.

(x) Disclosure.
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms
that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or counsel with any information
that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information which is not otherwise disclosed in the SEC Reports.
The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities
of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries,
their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, is true and
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements
made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated by the Company
during the twelve (12) months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of
the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes
or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth
in Section 3.2 hereof.

(y) No
Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers
or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities
to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the Securities Act which would require the registration of any such
offering under the Securities Act.

(z) Tax
Status. Except for matters that would not, individually, or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and
all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has
paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns,
reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes
for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material
amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no
basis for any such claim.

(aa) No
General Solicitation. Neither the Company nor any person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Securities
by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered the Securities for sale only to the Purchasers and
certain other (i) accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act, and (an Accredited
Investor) and (ii) non-US persons as defined in Regulation S as promulgated under the Securities Act.

(bb) Foreign
Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any director,
officer, employee, agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has: (i) directly or indirectly, used
any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity,
(ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties
or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made
by any person acting on its behalf of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law or (iv) violated in any material respect
any provision of FCPA or any similar law of the State of Israel.

(cc) Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers is acting solely
in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby.
The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity)
with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or any of their
respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely
incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys
decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions
contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(dd) Acknowledgement
Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to the contrary notwithstanding
(except for Sections 3.2(f) and 4.5 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) none of the Purchasers
has been asked by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities
of the Company, or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified
term; (ii) past or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales
or derivative transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively
impact the market price of the Companys publicly-traded securities; (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative
transactions to which any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the
Common Stock, and (iv) each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counter-party
in any derivative transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more Purchasers may
engage in hedging and/or trading activities at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding or subject to issuance
hereunder and (z) such hedging and/or trading activities (if any) could reduce the value of the existing stockholders' equity interests
in the Company at and after the time that the hedging and/or trading activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that
such aforementioned hedging and/or trading activities do not constitute a breach of any of the Transaction Documents.

(ee) Regulation
M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has: (i) taken, directly or indirectly,
any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate
the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of,
any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other
securities of the Company, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Companys placement
agent or finders in connection with the placement of the Securities.

(ff) Office
of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Company's knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee
or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets
Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC) or any similar Israeli sanctions administered by an analogous governmental
body in Israel.

(gg) U.S.
Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning
of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers request.

(hh) Bank
Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956,
as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal
Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent
(5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the total equity of a
bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and
to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(ii) Money
Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable
financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable
money laundering statutes in the U.S. and Israel and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money
Laundering Laws), and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any
arbitrator involving the Company and any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company
or any Subsidiary, threatened.

(jj) Application
of Takeover Protections; Rights Agreement. The Company and its Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in
order to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, interested stockholder, business combination, poison pill (including, without
limitation, any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Certificate of Incorporation,
Bylaws or other organizational documents or the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation which is or could become applicable to any Purchaser
as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including, without limitation, the Company's issuance of the Securities
and any Purchaser's ownership of the Securities. The Company and its Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order
to render inapplicable any stockholder rights plan or similar arrangement relating to accumulations of beneficial ownership of shares
of Common Stock or a change in control of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(kk) Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements. There is no transaction, arrangement, or other relationship between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
and an unconsolidated or other off balance sheet entity that is required to be disclosed by the Company in its Exchange Act filings and
is not so disclosed or that otherwise could be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(ll) Private
Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, no registration
under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Securities by the Company to the Purchasers as contemplated hereby.

(mm) No
Disqualification Events. With respect to the Securities to be offered and sold hereunder in reliance on Rule 506 under the Securities
Act, none of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of the Company
participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity securities,
calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) connected
with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person) is subject to any of the Bad
Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Securities Act (a Disqualification
Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable
care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable,
with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the Purchasers a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder.

(nn) [RESERVED]

(oo) Notice
of Disqualification Events. The Company will notify the Purchasers in writing, prior to the Closing Date of (i) any Disqualification
Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, reasonably be expected to become
a Disqualification Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person, in each case of which it is aware.

(pp) No
Other Agreements. Other than this Agreement, the Company has not entered into any agreement or understanding with any Purchaser in
connection with such Purchasers direct or indirect investment in the Company.

3.2 Representations
and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser severally, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and warrants
as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein):

(a) Organization;
Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and (where such concept
is applicable) in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership,
limited liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents
and performance by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary
corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document
to which it is a party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof,
will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except:
(i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of
general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability
of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions
may be limited by applicable law.

(b) Understandings
or Arrangements. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and has no direct or indirect arrangement
or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities (this representation and warranty
not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or otherwise in compliance with
applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.
Such Purchaser understands that the Securities are restricted securities and have not been registered under the Securities
Act or any applicable state securities law and is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and not with a view to or
for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities
law, has no present intention of distributing any of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities
law and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of
such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law (this representation and warranty not limiting
such Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant to a registration statement or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal
and state securities laws).

(c) Purchaser
Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is an accredited investor
as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7) or (a)(8) under the Securities Act. The accredited investor questionnaire
completed by the Purchase in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit C is accurate and correct in all respects.

(d) Experience
of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience
in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities,
and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the
Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment. Such Purchaser acknowledges that as of the
date hereof, the Company has very limited financial resources, and thus an investment in the Securities is subject to significant risk.

(e) Access
to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including all exhibits
and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary
of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities
and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition,
results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the
opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that
is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment.

(f) Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has not, nor has
any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly, executed any purchases or
sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser first
received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material terms
of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the
case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers
assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions
of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by
the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other than to other Persons
party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers, directors, partners,
legal counsel and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures
made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing,
for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect
to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

(g) General
Solicitation. Such Purchaser is not purchasing the Securities as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication
regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any
seminar or, to the knowledge of such Purchaser, any other general solicitation or general advertisement.

The Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations
contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers right to rely on the Companys representations
and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties contained in any other Transaction Document or any other
document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty,
or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

ARTICLE IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1 Removal
of Legends.

(a) The
Securities may only be disposed of in compliance with U.S. state and U.S. federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer of
Securities other than (i) pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144, (ii) to the Company, (iii) to
an Affiliate of a Purchaser or (iv) in connection with a pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the Company may require the
transferor thereof to provide to the Company an opinion of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company,
the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require
registration under the Securities Act.

(b) The
Purchasers agree to the imprinting, so long as required by this Section 4.1, of a legend on the Securities substantially in the following
form (in addition to any legend required by applicable state securities or blue sky laws):

[NEITHER] THIS SECURITY [NOR THE SECURITIES
INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE] [HAS NOT] [HAVE] BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES
COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES
ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT
AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE
PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION THAT
IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

The Company acknowledges and
agrees that a Purchaser may from time to time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered broker-dealer or grant
a security interest in some or all of the Securities to a financial institution that is an accredited investor as defined
in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and, if required under the terms of such arrangement, such Purchaser may transfer pledged
or secured Securities to the pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge or transfer would not be subject to approval of the Company and
no legal opinion of legal counsel of the pledgee, secured party or pledgor shall be required in connection therewith. Further, no notice
shall be required of such pledge. At the appropriate Purchasers expense, the Company will execute and deliver such reasonable documentation
as a pledgee or secured party of Securities may reasonably request in connection with a pledge or transfer of the Securities.

(c) Certificates
or book entry notations evidencing the Securities shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section 4.1(b) hereof),
and the Company shall take such actions as may be necessary to remove any such legend: (i) while a registration statement covering
the resale of such security is effective under the Securities Act, or (ii) following any sale of such Securities pursuant to Rule 144
or (iii) if such Securities are eligible for sale under Rule 144 or (iv) if such legend is not required under applicable
requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission). The
Company shall cause its counsel to issue a legal opinion to the Transfer Agent or the Purchaser promptly if required by the Transfer Agent
to effect the removal of the legend hereunder, or if requested by a Purchaser, respectively. If there is an effective registration statement
to cover the resale of the Securities, or if such Securities may be sold under Rule 144 or if such legend is not otherwise required
under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the
Commission) then the certificates or book entry notations evidencing such Securities shall be free of all legends. The Company agrees
that following such time as such legend is no longer required under this Section 4.1(c), the Company will, no later than the earlier
of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below)
following the delivery by a Purchaser to the Company or the Transfer Agent of a certificate representing Securities, as applicable, issued
with a restrictive legend (such second (2nd) Trading Day, the Legend Removal Date), deliver or cause to be delivered
to such Purchaser a certificate representing such shares that is free from all restrictive and other legends. The Company may not make
any notation on its records or give instructions to the Transfer Agent that enlarge the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 4.
Certificates for Securities subject to legend removal hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Purchaser by crediting
the account of the Purchasers prime broker with the Depository Trust Company System as directed by such Purchaser. As used herein,
Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys
primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of a certificate representing Securities
issued with a restrictive legend.

(d) Each
Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, agrees with the Company that such Purchaser will sell any Securities pursuant
to either the registration requirements of the Securities Act, including any applicable prospectus delivery requirements, or an exemption
therefrom, and that if Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement, they will be sold in compliance with the plan of distribution
set forth therein, and acknowledges that the removal of the restrictive legend from certificates representing Securities as set forth
in this Section 4.1 is predicated upon the Companys reliance upon this understanding.

4.2 Furnishing
of Information. Until the time that no Purchaser is an affiliate (as defined under Rule 144) of the Company, the
Company covenants to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required
to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then subject to the reporting
requirements of the Exchange Act.

4.3 Integration.
The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2
of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would require the registration
under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities or that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes
of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the closing of such other
transaction unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.4 Use
of Proceeds. The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder for working capital and general corporate
purposes.

4.5 Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that neither it,
nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales,
of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the
other Purchasers, and the Company covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed
by the Company, it will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included in the
Transaction Documents.

4.6 Securities
Laws Disclosure; Publicity. On or before 8:30 a.m., New York City time, on the first Business Day following the date of this
Agreement, the Company shall issue a press release and on or before 8:30 a.m., New York City time, on the fourth Business Day following
the date of this Agreement file a Current Report on Form 8-K describing the terms of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
and disclosing any other material, nonpublic information that the Company may have provided to any Purchaser at any time prior thereto
and attaching the material Transaction Documents (including, without limitation, this Agreement) as exhibits to such filing (including
all attachments, the Form 8-K). From and after the filing of the Form 8-K, the Company represents
to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents in connection with the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective upon the filing of the Form 8-K, the Company acknowledges and agrees
that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its
Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates on the one hand, and any of the Purchasers
or any of their Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate. The Company and each Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing
any press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall issue any such
press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press release
of any Purchaser, or without the prior consent of each Purchaser, with respect to any press release of the Company, which consent shall
not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly
provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall
not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory
agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except (a) as required by federal securities law in
connection with the filing of final Transaction Documents with the Commission and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by
law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers with prior notice of such disclosure permitted
under this clause (b).

4.7 Shareholder
Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that any Purchaser
is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution
under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Purchaser
could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents
or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.

4.8 Listing
of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use reasonable best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock
on Nasdaq Capital Market (which is the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is listed as of the date hereof) and to secure the listing
of all of the Securities on the Nasdaq Capital Market with immediate effect upon the issuance of the Securities. The Company further agrees,
if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will then include in such application all of the
Securities, and will take such other action as is necessary to cause all of the Securities to be listed or quoted on such other Trading
Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing and trading of its
Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under
the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. he Company agrees to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer
through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of
fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer.

4.9 Non-Public
Information. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.9, and except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents, which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.6, the Company covenants and agrees that
neither it, nor any other Person acting on its behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes,
or the Company reasonably believes constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented
in writing to the receipt of such information and agreed with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands
and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To
the extent that the Company delivers any material, non-public information to a Purchaser without such Purchasers consent, the Company
hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or
any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any
of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates not to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public information,
provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable law. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be
relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant
to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non- public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the
Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands
and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

4.10 Indemnification
by Company. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.10, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and its directors,
officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person
holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents,
members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding
a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any
and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in
settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur
as a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company
in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity,
or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with
respect to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is based upon a breach of such Purchaser
Partys representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser
Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct
by such Purchaser Party which constitutes fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct or malfeasance) or (c) in connection with any
registration statement of the Company providing for the resale by the Purchasers of the Securities, the Company will indemnify each Purchaser
Party, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including,
without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses, as incurred, arising out of or relating to (i) any untrue or
alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in such registration statement, any prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any
amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of
a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any prospectus or supplement
thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, except to the extent, but only to the extent, that
such untrue statements or omissions are based solely upon information regarding such Purchaser furnished in writing to the Company by
such Purchaser expressly for use therein, or (ii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange
Act or any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder in connection therewith. If any action shall be brought against
any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify
the Company in writing, and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably
acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate
in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent
that (x) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (y) the Company has failed after
a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (z) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion
of counsel, a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in
which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company
will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (1) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys
prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (2) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss,
claim, damage or liability is finally adjudicated to be attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations,
warranties, covenants or agreements made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification
required by this Section 4.10 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or
defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of
action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant
to law.

4.11 Reservation
of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep available at all
times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue Preferred
Stock pursuant to this Agreement.

4.12 Form D;
Blue Sky Filings. The Company agrees to timely file a Form D, if required by applicable law, with respect to the Preferred Stock
as required under Regulation D and to provide a copy thereof, promptly upon request of any Purchaser. The Company shall take such action
as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the Preferred Stock for sale
to the Purchasers at the Closing under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States and shall
provide evidence of such actions promptly upon request of any Purchaser.

4.13 Equal
Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification of any Transaction Document) shall be offered or paid to any
Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration is
also offered to all of the parties to the Transaction Documents. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate right
granted to each Purchaser by the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat the Purchasers
as a class and shall not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the purchase, disposition
or voting of Securities or otherwise. For the avoidance of doubt, each Purchaser acknowledges that the Existing Holders are entering into
Lock Up Agreements with the Company which provides for certain additional issuances of shares of the Companys Common Stock to such
Existing Holders as described more fully in the form of Lock Up Agreement, annexed hereto as Exhibit D, and each Purchaser
agrees that the Lock Up Agreements shall not be construed as a breach or violation of this Section 4.13.

4.14 Conversion
Procedures. The form of Notice of Conversion included in the Certificate of Designation sets forth the totality of the procedures
required of the Purchasers in order to convert the Preferred Stock. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of
Exercise or Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of
any Notice of Exercise or Notice of Conversion form be required in order to convert the Preferred Stock. No additional legal opinion,
other information or instructions shall be required of the Purchasers to convert their Preferred Stock. The Company shall honor conversions
of the Preferred Stock and shall deliver Underlying Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth in the
Transaction Documents.

4.15 Registration
Statement. As soon as practicable, and by the later to occur of, (i) (sixty) 60 calendar days following the Outside Closing Date
and (ii) thirty (30) calendar days following the receipt of Shareholder Approval, the Company shall file a registration statement
on Form S-3 (or any other available form) providing for the resale by the Purchasers of the Conversion Shares and the shares of Common
Stock issuable pursuant to the Lock Up Agreements. The Company shall cause such registration to become effective within 90 days (120 days
in the event the Commission elects to review such registration statement). Purchaser agrees that the information set forth on its signature
page is accurate and sufficient for purposes of the Companys preparation of the selling stockholder table and related footnotes
registration statement. The Company shall keep the registration statement effective pursuant to Rule 415 at all times until the earliest
of (i) the date on which the Purchaser shall have sold all of the Conversion Shares required to be covered by such registration statement,
or (ii) such Conversion Shares may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without any information or volume restrictions.

4.16 Shareholder
Approval. The Company shall hold a special meeting of shareholders (which may also be at the annual meeting of shareholders)
within ninety (90) days of the Outside Closing Date for the purpose of obtaining Shareholder Approval, with the recommendation of the
Companys Board of Directors that such proposal be approved, and the Company shall solicit proxies from its shareholders in connection
therewith in the same manner as all other management proposals in such proxy statement and all management-appointed proxyholders shall
vote their proxies in favor of such proposal. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain such Shareholder Approval. If
the Company does not obtain Shareholder Approval at the first meeting, the Company shall call a meeting every four months thereafter to
seek Shareholder Approval until the earlier of the date Shareholder Approval is obtained or the Preferred Stock is no longer outstanding.

ARTICLE V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Termination. 
This Agreement may be terminated prior to Closing by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without
any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties on or before
the thirtieth (30th) Trading Day following the date hereof; provided, however, that no such termination will affect the right
of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.2 Fees
and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents, each party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers,
counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation,
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without limitation, any
fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any conversion or exercise notice delivered
by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers.

5.3 Entire
Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of the parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect
to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.4 Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via
facsimile at the facsimile number or email attachment as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto (or, with respect to an
assignee or transferee of Securities as contemplated by Section 5.7, at the contact information of such Person provided to the Company
in connection with such assignment or transfer) at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next
Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or email
attachment as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New
York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally
recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address
for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto. To the extent that any notice provided
pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries,
the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

5.5 Amendments;
Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in
the case of an amendment, by the Company and the Purchasers representing at least 51% of the total Preferred Stock to be purchased hereunder
or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment,
modification or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts a Purchaser (or group of Purchasers), the consent of such disproportionately
impacted Purchaser (or group of Purchasers) shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition
or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver
of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder
in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely
affects the rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Purchasers shall require
the prior written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser, Any amendment effected in accordance with accordance with this Section 5.5
shall be binding upon each Purchaser and holder of Securities and the Company.

5.6 Headings.
The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any
of the provisions hereof.

5.7 Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns.
The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser (other
than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns or
transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing, as a pre-condition to such assignment or transfer, to be bound,
with respect to the transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

5.8 No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted
assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in
Section 4.10 and this Section 5.8.

5.9 Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates,
directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts
sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting
in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction
contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such
court, that such action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives
personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered
or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this
Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein
shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an action
or proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.10,
the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys
fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

5.10 Execution.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that
the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery
of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose
behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature page were
an original thereof.

5.11 Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force
and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts
to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision,
covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.12 Rescission
and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any of
the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document and
the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may rescind or withdraw,
in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part
without prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that, in the case of a rescission of a conversion
of the Preferred Stock, the applicable Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of Common Stock subject to any such rescinded
conversion.

5.13 Replacement
of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall
issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of
and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of
such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable
third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.14 Independent
Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several and
not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance
of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document,
and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association,
a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group
with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently
protect and enforce its rights, including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction
Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose.
Each Purchaser has been, or has had the opportunity to be, represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation
of the Transaction Documents.

5.15 Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

5.16 Construction.
The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents
and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party
shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference
to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits,
stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

5.17 WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY
AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY
WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

5.18 Survival.
All of the agreements, representations and warranties made by each party hereto in this Agreement shall survive the Closing.

(Signature Pages Follow)

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first
indicated above.

DARIOHEALTH CORP. 

By: 

Name: Erez Raphael 

Title: Chairman and CEO 

Address for Notice:

5 Tarshish

Caesarea Industrial Park

3088900, Israel

Fax Number: +(972)-(4) 770 4060

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Sullivan & Worcester LLP

1251 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10020

Fax Number: (212) 660-3001

Attention: Oded Har-Even, Esq., Ron Ben-Bassat, Esq.

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated
above.

Subscription
Amount: $____________

#
of shares of Series D-2 Preferred Stock Purchased: ____________

#
of shares of Series D-3 Preferred Stock Purchased: ____________

Beneficial
Ownership Blocker 4.99% or 
9.99%

If Investor is an entity, sign here: 

(Name of entity) 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

EIN/Social

Security Number: 

If Investor is an individual, sign here: 

Signature: 

Print Name: 

PLEASE COMPLETE FOLLOWING INFORMATION FOR NOTICES:

Email Address: 

Facsimile Number: 

Address for Notice to Investor:

Address for Delivery of Securities to Investor (if not same as address
for notice):

EXHIBIT A

Certificate of Designation of Series D-2
Preferred Stock

See attached.

EXHIBIT B

Certificate of Designation of Series D-3
Preferred Stock

See attached.

EXHIBIT C

DARIOHEALTH CORP.

ACCREDITED INVESTOR QUESTIONNAIRE

The undersigned understands
that the representations contained below are made for the purpose of qualifying him or her as an accredited investor as
that term is defined in Regulation D of the General Rules and Regulations promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Act), and for the purpose of inducing a sale of the securities to him or her. The undersigned hereby represents that
the statement or statements initialed below are true and correct in all respects. The undersigned understands that a false representation
may constitute a violation of law, and that any person who suffers damage as a result of a false representation may have a claim against
the undersigned for damages.

(a) Accredited individual investors must initial at least one of the following statements:

____(1) I certify that I am an accredited investor because I had individual income in excess of $200,000 in each
of the two most recent years or joint income with my spouse or spousal equivalent in excess of $300,000 in each of those years and have
a reasonable expectation of reaching the same income level in the current year;

____(2) I certify that I am an accredited investor because I have an my individual net worth, or joint net worth
with my spouse and I have an individual net worth or spousal equivalent, in excess of exceeds $1,000,000. For purposes of calculating
net worth under this paragraph my primary residence is not included as an asset; indebtedness that is secured by my primary residence,
up to the estimated fair market value of the primary residence at the time of the sale of securities, is not be included as a liability
(except that if the amount of such indebtedness outstanding at the time of sale of securities exceeds the amount outstanding 60 days before
such time, other than as a result of the acquisition of the primary residence, the amount of such excess is included as a liability);
and indebtedness that is secured by my primary residence in excess of the estimated fair market value of the primary residence at the
time of the sale of securities is included as a liability.

____(3) I certify that I am an accredited investor because I am a director or executive officer of DarioHealth
Corp.

____(4) I hold one of the following licenses in good standing: General Securities Representative license (Series 7),
the Private

Securities Offerings Representative
license (Series 82), or the Investment Adviser Representative license (Series 65).

(b) Accredited
partnerships, corporations or other entities must initial one or

more of the following statements:

____(1) The undersigned hereby certifies that all of the beneficial equity owners of the undersigned qualify as
accredited individual investors under items (a)(1) to (a)(4) above or (b)(2) to (b)(11) below;

____(2) The undersigned is a bank as defined in section 3(a)(2) of the Act, or any savings and loan association
or other institution as defined in section 3(a)(5)(A) of the Act whether acting in its individual or fiduciary capacity;

____(3) The undersigned is a broker or dealer registered pursuant to section 15 of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended;

____(4) The undersigned is an investment adviser registered pursuant to section 203 of the Investment Advisers
Act of 1940, as amended, or registered pursuant to the laws of a state;

____(5) The undersigned is an investment adviser relying on the exemption from registering with the Securities
and Exchange Commission under section 203(l) or (m) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended;

____(6) The undersigned is an insurance company as defined in section 2(a)(13) of the Act;

____(7) The undersigned is an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended
or a business development company as defined in section 2(a)(48) of that Act;

____(8) The undersigned is a Small Business Investment Company licensed by the U.S. Small Business Administration
under section 301(c) or (d) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958, as amended;

____(9) The undersigned is a Rural Business Investment Company as defined in section 384A of the Consolidated
Farm and Rural Development Act;

____(10) The undersigned is a plan established and maintained
by a state, its political subdivisions, or any agency or instrumentality of a state or its political subdivisions, for the benefit of
its employees, if such plan has total assets in excess of $5,000,000;

____(11) The undersigned is an employee benefit plan within the meaning of Title I of the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974 and either (check one or more, as applicable):

____(a) the
investment decision is made by a plan fiduciary, as defined therein, in Section 3(21), which is either a bank, savings and loan association,
insurance company, or registered investment adviser; or

____(b) the
employee benefit plan has total assets in excess of $5,000,000; or

____(c) the
plan is a self-directed plan with investment decisions made solely by persons who are accredited investors as defined therein.

____(12) The undersigned is a private business development company as defined in Section 202(a)(22) of the
Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended.

____(13) The undersigned has total assets in excess of $5,000,000, was not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring
the securities offered and is one or more of the following (check one or more, as appropriate):

____(a) an organization described in Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended;

____(b) a corporation, partnership or limited liability company;

____(c) a Massachusetts
or similar business trust, or

____(d) a limited liability
company.

____(14) The undersigned is a trust with total assets exceeding $5,000,000,
which was not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the securities offered and whose purchase is directed by a person who has
such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that he or she is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the investment
in the securities offered.

____(15) The undersigned is an entity, of a type not listed in paragraphs
(b)(1) to (b)(14), not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the securities offered, owning investments in excess of $5,000,000.

____(16) The undersigned is a family office, as defined
in rule 202(a)(11)(G)-1 under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (17 CFR 275.202(a)(11)(G)-1): (i) with assets under management
in excess of $5,000,000, (ii) that is not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the securities offered, and (iii) whose
prospective investment is directed by a person who has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that such family
office is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment.

____(17) The undersigned is a family client, as defined
in rule 202(a)(11)(G)-1 under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (17 CFR 275.202(a)(11)(G)-1)), of a family office meeting the
requirements in paragraph (b)(15) above and whose prospective investment in the issuer is directed by such family office pursuant to
paragraph (b)(15)(iii) above.

[Signature page follows]

Date: ______________, 2025 

SIGNATURE FOR INDIVIDUAL: SIGNATURE FOR PARTNERSHIP,

CORPORATION, TRUST OR

OTHER ENTITY:

(Signature) (Print Name)

(Print Name) (Signature of Authorized Signatory)

(Signature of any joint tenant or co-holder of any security issued by DarioHealth Corp.) (Name of Authorized Signatory)

(Print Name) (Title)

Exhibit D

Form of Lock Up Agreement

See attached.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>drio-20250107.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>drio-20250107_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>drio-20250107_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 07, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 07, 2025

Entity File Number 001-37704

Entity Registrant Name DARIOHEALTH CORP.

Entity Central Index Key 0001533998

Entity Tax Identification Number 45-2973162

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 322
W 57th St

Entity Address, Address Line Two #33B

Entity Address, City or Town New
York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10019

City Area Code 972

Local Phone Number 4-770-6377

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol DRIO

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://mydario.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

drio-20250107.xsd 
drio-20250107_lab.xml 
drio-20250107_pre.xml 
tm252764d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-002576-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>tm252764d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001533998 

2025-01-07 
2025-01-07 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001533998 
8-K 
2025-01-07 
DARIOHEALTH CORP. 
DE 
001-37704 
45-2973162 
322 W 57th St 
#33B 
New York 
NY 
10019 
972 
4-770-6377 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
DRIO 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>