<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-018773.txt : 20250228
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-018773.hdr.sgml : 20250228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250228093300
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-018773
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250228
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Matterport, Inc./DE
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001819394
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				851695048
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39790
		FILM NUMBER:		25683284

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		352 EAST JAVA DRIVE
		CITY:			SUNNYVALE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94089
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-641-2241

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		352 EAST JAVA DRIVE
		CITY:			SUNNYVALE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94089

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Gores Holdings VI, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200728
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm257720d3_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-310001819394Matterport, Inc./DE00018193942025-02-282025-02-28iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported):
February 28, 2025

Matterport, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Delaware 001-39790 85-1695048

(State
or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission
File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

352
East Java Drive

Sunnyvale,
California94089

(Address of principal executive offices (zip code))

(650) 641-2241

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

N/A

(Former name or former address,
if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General
Instruction A.2 below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425
under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12
under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a - 12) 

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) 

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol Name of
each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share MTTR The
Nasdaq Global Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Introductory Note

This Current Report on Form 8-K
is being filed in connection with the completion of the transactions contemplated by the previously announced Agreement and Plan of Merger
and Reorganization, dated as of April 21, 2024 (the Merger Agreement), by and among Matterport, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company), CoStar Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Parent), Matrix Merger Sub, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (Merger Sub I), and Matrix Merger Sub II LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company and wholly owned Subsidiary of Parent (Merger Sub II and, together with Merger Sub I, the Merger
Subs).

On February 28, 2025
(the Closing Date), pursuant to the Merger Agreement, (i) Merger Sub I merged with and into the Company (the First
Merger), with the Company surviving the First Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the Surviving Corporation)
and (ii) immediately after the First Merger, the Surviving Corporation merged with and into Merger Sub II (the Second Merger
and, together with the First Merger, the Mergers), with Merger Sub II surviving the Second Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary
of Parent (the Surviving LLC).

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition
or Disposition of Assets.

The information set forth
in the Introductory Note and under Items 3.01, 5.01 and 5.02 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference in
this Item 2.01.

In connection with the Mergers,
and subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, each share of Company Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per
share (each, a Share and collectively, the Shares), issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective
time of the First Merger (the First Effective Time) (other than any cancelled Shares or Dissenting Shares (as defined in
the Merger Agreement)) were converted into (i) 0.03552 shares of common stock of Parent, par value $0.01 per share (each, a Parent
Share and such consideration, the Per Share Stock Consideration), subject to the right to receive cash in lieu of
fractional Parent Shares (the Fractional Share Consideration) and (ii) $2.75 in cash per Share, without interest (the
Per Share Cash Consideration and, collectively with the Per Share Stock Consideration and the Fractional Share Consideration,
the Merger Consideration). The aggregate purchase price paid by Parent for the Shares consisted of $900,971,487 in cash
and approximately 11,637,141 Parent Shares, with the value of any fractional shares paid in cash.

Additionally, at the First Effective Time:

each
Company Option (as defined in the Merger Agreement) (whether or not vested) that was outstanding
immediately prior to the First Effective Time, other than each Company Option that was held
by an individual who, as of immediately prior to the Closing (as defined in the Merger Agreement),
was no longer an employee or other service provider to the Company or its subsidiaries (a
Former Employee Option) automatically and without any required action on the
part of Parent, the Company or the holder thereof, was converted into an option to acquire
Parent Shares as set forth in the Merger Agreement;

each
Former Employee Option (whether or not vested) that was outstanding immediately prior to
the First Effective Time automatically and without any required action on the part of Parent,
the Company or the holder thereof, was cancelled and converted into the right to receive
the consideration as set forth in the Merger Agreement;

each
Company RSU (as defined in the Merger Agreement) that was outstanding immediately prior to
the First Effective Time, other than the Accelerated RSUs (as defined in the Merger Agreement)
automatically and without any required action on the part of Parent, the Company or the holder
thereof, was converted into an award of restricted stock units relating to a number of Parent
Shares as set forth in the Merger Agreement; and

each
Accelerated RSU that was outstanding immediately prior to the First Effective Time automatically
and without any required action on the part of Parent, the Company or the holder thereof,
vested (if unvested) and was cancelled and converted into the right to receive the Merger
Consideration as set forth in the Merger Agreement.

Prior to the First Effective
Time, each holder of an outstanding warrant to purchase shares of the Companys Class A common stock entered into a Conditional
Warrant Exchange Agreement. Pursuant to the Conditional Warrant Exchange Agreements, at the First Effective Time, each holders
warrants were automatically cancelled and converted into a right to receive merger consideration as set forth in the Conditional Warrant
Exchange Agreements.

The description in this Current
Report on Form 8-K of the Mergers and the Merger Agreement, and the other transactions contemplated thereby, does not purport to
be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1
to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on April 22,
2024, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.01 Notice of Delisting or
Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing.

The information set forth
in the Introductory Note and Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.01.

On the Closing Date, the
Company notified the Nasdaq Global Market (Nasdaq) of the consummation of the Mergers and requested that Nasdaq (i) halt
trading of the Shares prior to the open of trading on the Closing Date, (ii) withdraw the Shares from listing on Nasdaq, and (iii) file
a notification of removal from listing and registration on Form 25 with the SEC to effect the delisting of the Shares from Nasdaq
and the deregistration of the Shares under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act). Following effectiveness of the Form 25, the Company intends to file with the SEC a certification and notice of termination
of registration on Form 15 with respect to the Shares, requesting that the Shares be deregistered under 12(g) of the Exchange
Act and that the reporting obligations of the Company with respect to the Shares under Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange
Act be suspended. As a result, the Shares, which previously traded under the symbol MTTR, will no longer be listed on Nasdaq.

Item 3.03 Material Modification
to Rights of Security Holders.

The information set forth
in the Introductory Note and under Item 2.01, Item 3.01, Item 5.01 and Item 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is
incorporated by reference in this Item 3.03.

At the First Effective Time,
each holder of Shares issued and outstanding immediately prior to the First Effective Time ceased to have any rights as a stockholder
of the Company, other than the right to receive the Merger Consideration as set forth in the Merger Agreement.

Item 5.01 Changes in Control of Registrant.

The information set forth
in the Introductory Note and under Items 2.01, 3.01, 3.03 and 5.02 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference
in this Item 5.01.

As a result of the consummation
of the Mergers, a change in control of the Company occurred effective as of the First Effective Time, with the Company surviving the
First Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent. Thereafter, the Surviving Corporation merged with and into Merger Sub II with Merger
Sub II surviving the Second Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent.

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or
Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements
of Certain Officers.

The information set forth
in the Introductory Note and under Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference in this Item 5.02.

In connection with the Mergers,
at the First Effective Time, each member of the board of directors of the Company ceased serving in such capacity. Pursuant to the terms
of the Merger Agreement, at the First Effective Time, the directors of Merger Sub I immediately prior to the First Effective Time became
the directors of the Company immediately following the First Effective Time and, as a result, the following persons ceased to serve on
the Companys board of directors as of the First Effective Time: R.J. Pittman, Peter Hbert, Jason Krikorian, Mike Gustafson,
and Susan Repo; provided that Gene Boxer was appointed as a director of the Company immediately following the First Effective Time. Pursuant
to the Merger Agreement, at the First Effective Time, the officers of the Company immediately prior to the First Effective Time continued
to serve as officers of the Company immediately following the First Effective Time.

2

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles
of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

The information set forth
in the Introductory Note and under Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference in this Item 5.03.

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement,
at the First Effective Time, (i) the Companys Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation as in effect immediately
prior to the First Effective Time was amended and restated in its entirety to be identical to the certificate of incorporation of Merger
Sub I and (ii) the Companys Amended and Restated Bylaws, as in effect immediately prior to the First Effective Time, were
amended and restated in their entirety to be identical to the bylaws of Merger Sub I.

Thereafter, at the Second
Effective Time (as defined in the Merger Agreement), the certificate of formation and limited liability company agreement of the Surviving
LLC was amended and restated to be identical to the certificate of formation and limited liability company agreement of Merger Sub II.

Copies of the Third Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Matterport, Inc., the Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Matterport, Inc.,
and the Surviving LLCs Limited Liability Company Agreement are filed as Exhibits 3.1, 3.2 and 3.3, respectively, hereto and are
incorporated herein by reference.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On the Closing Date, the
Company issued a press release announcing the closing of the Mergers. A copy of the press release is hereby furnished as Exhibit 99.1
to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

The information contained
in this Item 7.01 and in Exhibit 99.1 of this Current Report on Form 8-K shall not be deemed filed for purposes
of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be incorporated by reference
into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference
in such filing.

Item 9.01 Financial
Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits:

EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit No.
Description

3.1 Third Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation of Matterport, Inc.

3.2 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Matterport, Inc.

3.3 Limited Liability Company Agreement of Matterport,
LLC.

99.1 Press Release of Matterport, Inc. issued February 28, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive
Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101).

3

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

MATTERPORT, INC.

By: /s/
R.J. Pittman

R.J. Pittman

Chief Executive Officer

Dated: February 28, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm257720d3_ex3-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF

MATTERPORT, INC.

Article I:
NAME

The name of the corporation
is Matterport, Inc. (the Corporation).

Article II:
AGENT FOR SERVICE OF PROCESS

The address of the registered
office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is 251 Little Falls Drive, in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of
Delaware 19808. The name of its registered agent at such address is Corporation Service Company.

Article III:
PURPOSE

The purpose of the Corporation
is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (the DGCL) or any successor statute.

Article IV:
AUTHORIZED STOCK

The total number of shares
of stock that the Corporation has authority to issue is 100 shares, all of which shall be common stock, $0.0001 par value per share.

Article V:
AMENDMENT OF BYLAWS

The board of directors of
the Corporation shall have the power to adopt, amend or repeal bylaws of the Corporation.

Article VI:
VOTE BY BALLOT

Election of directors need
not be by written ballot unless the bylaws of the Corporation shall so provide.

Article VII:
DIRECTOR LIABILITY

To the fullest extent permitted
by law, no director of the Corporation shall be personally liable for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director. Without
limiting the effect of the preceding sentence, if the DGCL is hereafter amended to authorize the further elimination or limitation of
the liability of a director, then the liability of a director of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent
permitted by the DGCL, as so amended.

Neither any amendment nor
repeal of this Article VII, nor the adoption of any provision of this Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article VII,
shall eliminate, reduce or otherwise adversely affect any limitation on the personal liability of a director of the Corporation existing
at the time of such amendment, repeal or adoption of such an inconsistent provision.

Article VIII:
INDEMNIFICATION

To the fullest extent permitted
by law, the Corporation is authorized to provide indemnification of (and advancement of expenses to) directors, officers and agents of
the Corporation (and any other persons to which applicable law permits the Corporation to provide indemnification) through bylaw provisions,
agreements with such agents or other persons, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise in excess of the indemnification
and advancement otherwise permitted by such applicable law. Any repeal or modification of this provision shall not adversely affect any
right or protection hereunder of any person in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such repeal or modification.

Article IX:
AMENDMENT OF CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

Subject to such limitations
as may be from time to time imposed by other provisions of this Certificate of Incorporation, by the bylaws of the Corporation, by the
DGCL or other applicable law, or by any contract or agreement to which the Corporation is or may become a party, the Corporation reserves
the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Certificate of Incorporation, in the manner now or hereafter
prescribed by statute and this Certificate of Incorporation, and all rights conferred upon stockholders herein are granted subject to
this express reservation.

Article X:
INCORPORATOR

The name and mailing address
of the incorporator is AJ Blair, c/o Latham & Watkins, LLP 650 Town Center Drive, 20th Floor, Costa Mesa, California 92626.

**********************
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm257720d3_ex3-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.2

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED

BYLAWS

OF

MATTERPORT, INC.

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED

BYLAWS OF

MATTERPORT, INC.

(a Delaware corporation)

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

Article I OFFICES 1

1.1 Registered Office 1

1.2 Offices 1

Article II MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS 1

2.1 Location 1

2.2 Timing 1

2.3 Notice of Meeting 1

2.4 Stockholders Records 1

2.5 Special Meetings 2

2.6 Notice of Meeting 2

2.7 Business Transacted at Special Meeting 2

2.8 Quorum; Meeting Adjournment; Presence by Remote Means 2

2.9 Voting Thresholds 3

2.10 Number of Votes Per Share 3

2.11 Action by Written Consent of Stockholders; Electronic
Consent; Notice of Action 3

Article III DIRECTORS 4

3.1 Authorized Directors 4

3.2 Vacancies 4

3.3 Board Authority 5

3.4 Location of Meetings 5

3.5 First Meeting 5

3.6 Regular Meetings 5

3.7 Special Meetings 5

3.8 Quorum 5

3.9 Action Without a Meeting 6

3.10 Telephonic Meetings 6

3.11 Committees 6

3.12 Minutes of Meetings 6

3.13 Compensation of Directors 6

3.14 Removal of Directors 6

Article IV NOTICES 7

4.1 Notice 7

4.2 Waiver of Notice 7

4.3 Electronic Notice 7

Article V OFFICERS 8

5.1 Required and Permitted Officers 8

5.2 Appointment of Required Officers 8

5.3 Appointment of Permitted Officers 8

5.4 Officer Compensation 8

5.5 Term of Office; Vacancies 8

5.6 Chairman Presides 8

5.7 Absence of Chairman 8

5.8 Powers of President 8

5.9 Presidents Signature Authority 9

5.10 Absence of President 9

5.11 Duties of Secretary 9

5.12 Duties of Assistant Secretary 9

5.13 Duties of Treasurer 9

5.14 Disbursements and Financial Reports 9

5.15 Treasurers Bond 10

5.16 Duties of Assistant Treasurer 10

Article VI CERTIFICATE OF STOCK 10

6.1 Stock Certificates 10

6.2 Facsimile Signatures 11

6.3 Lost Certificates 11

6.4 Transfer of Stock 11

6.5 Fixing a Record Date 11

6.6 Registered Stockholders 11

Article VII GENERAL PROVISIONS 11

7.1 Dividends 11

7.2 Reserve for Dividends 12

7.3 Checks 12

7.4 Fiscal Year 12

7.5 Corporate Seal 12

7.6 Indemnification 12

7.7 Conflicts with Certificate of Incorporation 13

Article VIII AMENDMENTS 13

Article IX LOANS TO OFFICERS 14

Article X RECORDS AND REPORTS 14

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED

BYLAWS

OF

MATTERPORT, INC.

Article I

OFFICES

1.1 Registered
Office. The registered office shall be in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware.

1.2 Offices.
The corporation may also have offices at such other places both within and without the State of Delaware as the board of directors of
the Company (the Board) may from time to time determine or the business of the corporation may require.

Article II

MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

2.1 Location.
All meetings of the stockholders for the election of directors shall be held at any place within or outside the State of Delaware as
shall be designated from time to time by the Board and stated in the notice of the meeting; provided that the Board may, in its
sole discretion, determine that the meeting shall not be held at any place, but may instead be held solely by means of remote communication
as authorized by Section 211 of the Delaware General Corporations Law (the DGCL). Meetings of stockholders
for any other purpose may be held at such time and place, if any, within or outside the State of Delaware, as shall be stated in the
notice of the meeting or in a duly executed waiver of notice thereof, or a waiver by electronic transmission by the person entitled to
notice.

2.2 Timing.
Annual meetings of stockholders, commencing with the year 2024, shall be held at such date and time as shall be designated from time
to time by the Board and stated in the notice of the meeting, at which they shall elect by a plurality vote a Board, and transact such
other business as may properly be brought before the meeting.

2.3 Notice
of Meeting. Written notice of any stockholder meeting stating the place, if any, date and hour of the meeting, the means of remote
communication, if any, by which stockholders and proxyholders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, shall be
given to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting not fewer than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting.

2.4 Stockholders
Records. The officer who has charge of the stock ledger of the corporation shall prepare and make, at least 10 days before every
meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing
the address (but not the electronic address or other electronic contact information) of each stockholder and the number of shares registered
in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting
for a period of at least 10 days prior to the meeting: (i) on a reasonably accessible electronic network; provided that the
information required to gain access to such list is provided with the notice of the meeting, or (ii) during ordinary business hours,
at the principal place of business of the corporation. In the event that the corporation determines to make the list available on an
electronic network, the corporation may take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is available only to stockholders of the
corporation. If the meeting is to be held at a place, then the list shall be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during
the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present. If the meeting is to be held solely by means of remote
communication, then the list shall also be open to the examination of any stockholder during the whole time of the meeting on a reasonably
accessible electronic network, and the information required to access such list shall be provided with the notice of the meeting.

1

2.5 Special
Meetings. Special meetings of the stockholders, for any purpose or purposes, unless otherwise prescribed by statute or by the certificate
of incorporation, may be called by the president and shall be called by the president or secretary at the request in writing of a majority
of the Board, or at the request in writing of stockholders owning at least 50% in amount of the entire capital stock of the corporation
issued and outstanding and entitled to vote. Such request shall state the purpose or purposes of the proposed meeting.

2.6 Notice
of Meeting. Written notice of a special meeting stating the place, date and hour of the meeting and the purpose or purposes for which
the meeting is called, shall be given not fewer than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting, to each stockholder
entitled to vote at such meeting. The means of remote communication, if any, by which stockholders and proxyholders may be deemed to
be present in person and vote at such meeting shall also be provided in the notice.

2.7 Business
Transacted at Special Meeting. Business transacted at any special meeting of stockholders shall be limited to the purposes stated
in the notice.

2.8 Quorum;
Meeting Adjournment; Presence by Remote Means.

(a) Quorum;
Meeting Adjournment. The holders of a majority of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person
or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders for the transaction of business except as otherwise
provided by statute or by the certificate of incorporation. If, however, such quorum shall not be present or represented at any meeting
of the stockholders, the stockholders entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall have power to adjourn
the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present or represented.
At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum shall be present or represented, any business may be transacted that might have been transacted
at the meeting as originally notified. If the adjournment is for more than 30 days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is
fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the
meeting.

(b) Presence
by Remote Means. If authorized by the Board in its sole discretion, and subject to such guidelines and procedures as the Board may
adopt, stockholders and proxyholders not physically present at a meeting of stockholders may, by means of remote communication:

(i) participate
in a meeting of stockholders; and

2

(ii) be
deemed present in person and vote at a meeting of stockholders whether such meeting is to be held at a designated place or solely by
means of remote communication; provided that (i) the corporation shall implement reasonable measures to verify that each
person deemed present and permitted to vote at the meeting by means of remote communication is a stockholder or proxyholder, (ii) the
corporation shall implement reasonable measures to provide such stockholders and proxyholders a reasonable opportunity to participate
in the meeting and to vote on matters submitted to the stockholders, including an opportunity to read or hear the proceedings of the
meeting substantially concurrently with such proceedings, and (iii) if any stockholder or proxyholder votes or takes other action
at the meeting by means of remote communication, a record of such vote or other action shall be maintained by the corporation.

2.9 Voting
Thresholds. When a quorum is present at any meeting, the vote of the holders of a majority of the stock having voting power present
in person or represented by proxy shall decide any question brought before such meeting, unless the question is one upon which by express
provision of the statutes or of the certificate of incorporation, a different vote is required, in which case such express provision
shall govern and control the decision of such question.

2.10 Number
of Votes Per Share. Unless otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation, each stockholder shall at every meeting of the
stockholders be entitled to one vote by such stockholder or by proxy for each share of the capital stock having voting power held by
such stockholder, but no proxy shall be voted on after three years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period.

2.11 Action
by Written Consent of Stockholders; Electronic Consent; Notice of Action.

(a) Action
by Written Consent of Stockholders. Unless otherwise provided by the certificate of incorporation, any action required or permitted
to be taken at any annual or special meeting of the stockholders may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote,
if a consent in writing setting forth the action so taken, is signed in a manner permitted by law by the holders of outstanding stock
having not less than the number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled
to vote thereon were present and voted. Written stockholder consents shall bear the date of signature of each stockholder who signs the
consent in the manner permitted by law and shall be delivered to the corporation as provided in Section 2.11(b). No written consent
shall be effective to take the action set forth therein unless, within 60 days of the earliest dated consent delivered to the corporation
in the manner provided above, written consents signed by a sufficient number of stockholders to take the action set forth therein are
delivered to the corporation in the manner provided above.

3

(b) Electronic
Consent. A telegram, cablegram or other electronic transmission consenting to an action to be taken and transmitted by a stockholder
or proxyholder, or a person or persons authorized to act for a stockholder or proxyholder, shall be deemed to be written, signed and
dated for the purposes of this section; provided that any such telegram, cablegram or other electronic transmission sets forth
or is delivered with information from which the corporation can determine (i) that the telegram, cablegram or other electronic transmission
was transmitted by the stockholder or proxyholder or by a person or persons authorized to act for the stockholder or proxyholder and
(ii) the date on which such stockholder or proxyholder or authorized person or persons transmitted such telegram, cablegram or electronic
transmission. The date on which such telegram, cablegram or electronic transmission is transmitted shall be deemed to be the date on
which such consent was signed. No consent given by telegram, cablegram or other electronic transmission shall be deemed to have been
delivered until such consent is reproduced in paper form and until such paper form is delivered to the corporation by delivery to its
registered office in the State of Delaware, its principal place of business or an officer or agent of the corporation having custody
of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to a corporations registered office shall
be made by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. Notwithstanding the foregoing limitations on delivery,
consents given by telegram, cablegram or other electronic transmission may be otherwise delivered to the principal place of business
of the corporation or to an officer or agent of the corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders
are recorded if, to the extent and in the manner provided by resolution of the Board.

(c) Notice
of Action. Prompt notice of any action taken pursuant to this Section 2.11 shall be provided to the stockholders in accordance
with Section 228(e) of the DGCL.

Article III

DIRECTORS

3.1 Authorized
Directors. The number of directors that shall constitute the whole Board shall consist of up to three (3) directors and shall
be determined by resolution of the Board or by the stockholders at the annual meeting of the stockholders, except as provided in Section 3.2,
and each director elected shall hold office until his successor is elected and qualified. Directors need not be stockholders.

3.2 Vacancies.
Unless otherwise provided in the corporations certificate of incorporation, as it may be amended, vacancies and newly created
directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors may be filled by a majority of the directors then in
office, though less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, and the directors so chosen shall hold office until the next annual
election and until their successors are duly elected and shall qualify, unless sooner displaced. If there are no directors in office,
then an election of directors may be held in the manner provided by statute. If, at the time of filling any vacancy or any newly created
directorship, the directors then in office shall constitute less than a majority of the whole Board (as constituted immediately prior
to any such increase), the Court of Chancery may, upon application of any stockholder or stockholders holding at least 10% of the total
number of the shares at the time outstanding having the right to vote for such directors, summarily order an election to be held to fill
any such vacancies or newly created directorships, or to replace the directors chosen by the directors then in office.

4

3.3 Board
Authority. The business of the corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board, which may exercise all such powers
of the corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by statute or by the certificate of incorporation or by these Bylaws
directed or required to be exercised or done by the stockholders.

3.4 Location
of Meetings. The Board may hold meetings, both regular and special, either within or without the State of Delaware.

3.5 First
Meeting. The first meeting of each newly elected Board shall be held at such time and place as shall be fixed by the vote of the
stockholders at the annual meeting and no notice of such meeting shall be necessary to the newly elected directors in order to legally
constitute the meeting; provided that a quorum shall be present. In the event of the failure of the stockholders to fix the time
or place of such first meeting of the newly elected Board, or in the event such meeting is not held at the time and place so fixed by
the stockholders, the meeting may be held at such time and place as shall be specified in a notice given as hereinafter provided for
special meetings of the Board, or as shall be specified in a written waiver signed by all of the directors.

3.6 Regular
Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board may be held without notice at such time and at such place as shall from time to time be determined
by the Board.

3.7 Special
Meetings. Special meetings of the Board may be called by the president upon notice to each director; special meetings shall be called
by the president or secretary in like manner and on like notice on the written request of two directors unless the Board consists
of only one director, in which case special meetings shall be called by the president or secretary in like manner and on like notice
on the written request of the sole director. Notice of any special meeting shall be given to each director at his business or residence
in writing, or by telegram, facsimile transmission, telephone communication or electronic transmission; provided that, with respect
to electronic transmission, the director has consented to receive the form of transmission at the address to which it is directed). If
mailed, such notice shall be deemed adequately delivered when deposited in the United States mails so addressed, with postage thereon
prepaid, at least five days before such meeting. If by telegram, such notice shall be deemed adequately delivered when the telegram is
delivered to the telegraph company at least 24 hours before such meeting. If by facsimile transmission or other electronic transmission,
such notice shall be transmitted at least 24 hours before such meeting. If by telephone, the notice shall be given at least 12 hours
prior to the time set for the meeting. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of
the Board needs be specified in the notice of such meeting, except for amendments to these Bylaws as provided under Article VIII.
A meeting may be held at any time without notice if all the directors are present (except as otherwise provided by law) or if those not
present waive notice of the meeting in writing, either before or after such meeting.

3.8 Quorum.
At all meetings of the Board, a majority of the directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business and any act of a
majority of the directors present at any meeting at which there is a quorum shall be an act of the Board, except as may be otherwise
specifically provided by statute or by the certificate of incorporation. If a quorum is not present at any meeting of the Board, the
directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum
shall be present.

5

3.9 Action
Without a Meeting. Unless otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation or these Bylaws, any action required or permitted
to be taken at any meeting of the Board or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board or committee,
as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and the writing, writings, electronic transmission or transmissions
are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board or committee.

3.10 Telephonic
Meetings. Unless otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation or these Bylaws, members of the Board or any committee
designated by the Board may participate in a meeting of the Board or any committee, by means of conference telephone or other means of
communication by which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation shall constitute presence
in person at the meeting.

3.11 Committees.
The Board may designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the corporation. The Board
may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting
of the committee.

In the absence or disqualification
of a member of a committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he
or she or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board to act at the meeting in the place of any such
absent or disqualified member.

Any such committee, to the
extent provided in the resolution of the Board, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board in the management
of the business and affairs of the corporation, and may authorize the seal of the corporation to be affixed to all papers that may require
it, but no such committee shall have the power or authority in reference to the following matters: (i) approving or adopting, or
recommending to the stockholders, any action or matter expressly required by the DGCL to be submitted to stockholders for approval or
(ii) adopting, amending or repealing any provision of these Bylaws.

3.12 Minutes
of Meetings. Each committee shall keep regular minutes of its meetings and report the same to the Board when required.

3.13 Compensation
of Directors. Unless otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation or these Bylaws, the Board shall have the authority
to fix the compensation of directors. The directors may be paid their expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of the Board and
may be paid a fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of the Board or a stated salary as director. No such payment shall preclude any
director from serving the corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. Members of special or standing committees
may be allowed like compensation for attending committee meetings.

3.14 Removal
of Directors. Unless otherwise provided by the certificate of incorporation or these Bylaws, any director or the entire Board may
be removed, with or without cause, by the holders of a majority of shares entitled to vote at an election of directors.

6

Article IV

NOTICES

4.1 Notice.
Unless otherwise provided in these Bylaws, whenever, under the provisions of the statutes or of the certificate of incorporation or of
these Bylaws, notice is required to be given to any director or stockholder, it shall not be construed to mean personal notice, but such
notice may be given in writing, by mail, addressed to such director or stockholder, at his address as it appears on the records of the
corporation, with postage thereon prepaid, and such notice shall be deemed to be given at the time when the same shall be deposited in
the United States mail. Notice to directors may also be given by telegram.

4.2 Waiver
of Notice. Whenever any notice is required to be given under the provisions of the statutes or of the certificate of incorporation
or of these Bylaws, a waiver thereof in writing, signed by the person or persons entitled to said notice, whether before or after the
time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent thereto.

4.3 Electronic
Notice.

(a) Electronic
Transmission. Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively to stockholders and directors, any notice
to stockholders or directors given by the corporation under any provision of the DGCL, the certificate of incorporation or these Bylaws
shall be effective if given by a form of electronic transmission consented to by the stockholder or director to whom the notice is given.
Any such consent shall be revocable by the stockholder or director by written notice to the corporation. Any such consent shall be deemed
revoked if (i) the corporation is unable to deliver by electronic transmission two consecutive notices given by the corporation
in accordance with such consent and (ii) such inability becomes known to the secretary or an assistant secretary of the corporation
or to the transfer agent, or other person responsible for the giving of notice; provided that the inadvertent failure to treat
such inability as a revocation shall not invalidate any meeting or other action.

(b) Effective
Date of Notice. Notice given pursuant to Section 4.3(a) shall be deemed given: (i) if by facsimile telecommunication,
when directed to a number at which the stockholder or director has consented to receive notice, (ii) if by electronic mail, when
directed to an electronic mail address at which the stockholder or director has consented to receive notice, (iii) if by a posting
on an electronic network together with separate notice to the stockholder or director of such specific posting, upon the later of (A) such
posting and (B) the giving of such separate notice and (iv) if by any other form of electronic transmission, when directed
to the stockholder or director. An affidavit of the secretary or an assistant secretary or of the transfer agent or other agent of the
corporation that the notice has been given by a form of electronic transmission shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence
of the facts stated therein.

(c) Form of
Electronic Transmission. For purposes of these Bylaws, electronic transmission means any form of communication, not
directly involving the physical transmission of paper, that creates a record that may be retained, retrieved, and reviewed by a recipient
thereof, and that may be directly reproduced in paper form by such a recipient through an automated process.

7

Article V

OFFICERS

5.1 Required
and Permitted Officers. The officers of the corporation shall be chosen by the Board and shall be a president and a secretary. The
Board may elect from among its members a Chairman of the Board and a Vice-Chairman of the Board. The Board may also choose a treasurer
and one or more vice-presidents, assistant secretaries and assistant treasurers. Any number of offices may be held by the same person,
unless the certificate of incorporation or these Bylaws otherwise provide.

5.2 Appointment
of Required Officers. The Board at its first meeting after each annual meeting of stockholders shall choose a president and a secretary
and may choose a treasurer and vice-presidents.

5.3 Appointment
of Permitted Officers. The Board may appoint such other officers and agents as it shall deem necessary who shall hold their offices
for such terms and shall exercise such powers and perform such duties as shall be determined from time to time by the Board.

5.4 Officer
Compensation. The salaries of all officers and agents of the corporation shall be fixed by the Board.

5.5 Term
of Office; Vacancies. The officers of the corporation shall hold office until their successors are chosen and qualify. Any officer
elected or appointed by the Board may be removed at any time by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board. Any vacancy occurring
in any office of the corporation shall be filled by the Board.

THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD

5.6 Chairman
Presides. The Chairman of the Board, if any, shall preside at all meetings of the Board and of the stockholders at which he or she
shall be present. He or she shall have and may exercise such powers as are, from time to time, assigned to him by the Board and as may
be provided by law.

5.7 Absence
of Chairman. In the absence of the Chairman of the Board, the Vice-Chairman of the Board, if any, shall preside at all meetings of
the Board and of the stockholders at which he or she shall be present. He or she shall have and may exercise such powers as are, from
time to time, assigned to him by the Board and as may be provided by law.

THE PRESIDENT AND VICE-PRESIDENTS

5.8 Powers
of President. The president shall be the chief executive officer of the corporation; in the absence of the Chairman and Vice-Chairman
of the Board he or she shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and the Board; he or she shall have general and active management
of the business of the corporation and shall see that all orders and resolutions of the Board are carried into effect.

8

5.9 Presidents
Signature Authority. The president shall execute bonds, mortgages and other contracts requiring a seal, under the seal of the corporation,
except where required or permitted by law to be otherwise signed and executed and except where the signing and execution thereof shall
be expressly delegated by the Board to some other officer or agent of the corporation.

5.10 Absence
of President. In the absence of the president or in the event of his inability or refusal to act, the vice-president, if any, (or
in the event there be more than one vice-president, the vice-presidents in the order designated by the directors, or in the absence of
any designation, then in the order of their election) shall perform the duties of the president, and when so acting, shall have all the
powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the president. The vice-presidents shall perform such other duties and have such
other powers as the Board may from time to time prescribe.

THE SECRETARY AND ASSISTANT SECRETARY

5.11 Duties
of Secretary. The secretary shall attend all meetings of the Board and all meetings of the stockholders and record all the proceedings
of the meetings of the corporation and of the Board in a book to be kept for that purpose and shall perform like duties for the standing
committees when required. He or she shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the stockholders and special meetings
of the Board, and shall perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board or president, under whose supervision he or she shall
be. He or she shall have custody of the corporate seal of the corporation and he or she, or an assistant secretary, shall have authority
to affix the same to any instrument requiring it and when so affixed, it may be attested by his signature or by the signature of such
assistant secretary. The Board may give general authority to any other officer to affix the seal of the corporation and to attest the
affixing by his signature.

5.12 Duties
of Assistant Secretary. The assistant secretary, if any, or if there be more than one, the assistant secretaries in the order determined
by the Board (or if there be no such determination, then in the order of their election) shall, in the absence of the secretary or in
the event of his inability or refusal to act, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the secretary and shall perform such other
duties and have such other powers as the Board may from time to time prescribe.

THE TREASURER AND ASSISTANT TREASURERS

5.13 Duties
of Treasurer. The treasurer, if any, shall have the custody of the corporate funds and securities and shall keep full and accurate
accounts of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the corporation and shall deposit all moneys and other valuable effects
in the name and to the credit of the corporation in such depositories as may be designated by the Board.

5.14 Disbursements
and Financial Reports. He or she shall disburse the funds of the corporation as may be ordered by the Board, taking proper vouchers
for such disbursements, and shall render to the president and the Board, at its regular meetings or when the Board so requires, an account
of all his transactions as treasurer and of the financial condition of the corporation.

9

5.15 Treasurers
Bond. If required by the Board, the treasurer shall give the corporation a bond (which shall be renewed every six years) in such
sum and with such surety or sureties as shall be satisfactory to the Board for the faithful performance of the duties of his office and
for the restoration to the corporation, in case of his death, resignation, retirement or removal from office, of all books, papers, vouchers,
money and other property of whatever kind in his possession or under his control belonging to the corporation.

5.16 Duties
of Assistant Treasurer. The assistant treasurer, if any, or if there shall be more than one, the assistant treasurers in the order
determined by the Board (or if there be no such determination, then in the order of their election) shall, in the absence of the treasurer
or in the event of the treasurers inability or refusal to act, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the treasurer and
shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board may from time to time prescribe.

Article VI

CERTIFICATE OF STOCK

6.1 Stock
Certificates. Every holder of stock in the corporation shall be entitled to have a certificate, signed by or in the name of the corporation
by, the Chairman or Vice-Chairman of the Board, or the president or a vice-president and the treasurer or an assistant treasurer, or
the secretary or an assistant secretary of the corporation, certifying the number of shares owned by him in the corporation; provided
that the Board may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of its stock shall be uncertificated
shares.

Certificates may be issued
for partly paid shares and in such case upon the face or back of the certificates issued to represent any such partly paid shares, the
total amount of the consideration to be paid therefor, and the amount paid thereon shall be specified.

If the corporation shall be
authorized to issue more than one class of stock or more than one series of any class, the powers, designations, preferences and relative
participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualification, limitations or restrictions
of such preferences and/or rights shall be set forth in full or summarized on the face or back of the certificate that the corporation
shall issue to represent such class or series of stock; provided that, except as otherwise provided in Section 202 of the
DGCL, in lieu of the foregoing requirements, there may be set forth on the face or back of the certificate that the corporation shall
issue to represent such class or series of stock, a statement that the corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who
so requests the powers, designations, preferences and relative participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock
or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights.

10

6.2 Facsimile
Signatures. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be facsimile. In the event that any officer, transfer agent or registrar
who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or
registrar before such certificate is issued, the certificate may be issued by the corporation with the same effect as if such officer,
transfer agent or registrar were still acting as such at the date of issue.

6.3 Lost
Certificates. The Board may direct a new certificate or certificates to be issued in place of any certificate or certificates theretofore
issued by the corporation alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming
the certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed. When authorizing such issuance of a new certificate or certificates, the Board may,
in its discretion and as a condition precedent to the issuance, require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed certificate or certificates,
or his legal representative, to advertise the same in such manner as it shall require and/or to give the corporation a bond in such sum
as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against the corporation with respect to the certificate alleged to have
been lost, stolen or destroyed.

6.4 Transfer
of Stock. Upon surrender to the corporation or the transfer agent of the corporation of a certificate for shares duly endorsed or
accompanied by proper evidence of succession, assignation or authority to transfer, it shall be the duty of the corporation to issue
a new certificate to the person entitled thereto, cancel the old certificate and record the transaction upon its books.

6.5 Fixing
a Record Date. In order that the corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders
or any adjournment thereof, or to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, or entitled to receive payment of
any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion
or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board may fix a record date that shall not be more than 60 nor
less than 10 days before the date of such meeting, nor more than 60 days prior to any other action. A determination of stockholders of
record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided that
the Board may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.

6.6 Registered
Stockholders. The corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner
of shares to receive dividends, to vote as such owner, to hold liable for calls and assessments a person registered on its books as the
owner of shares and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of
any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of Delaware.

Article VII

GENERAL PROVISIONS

7.1 Dividends.
Dividends upon the capital stock of the corporation, if any, subject to the provisions of the certificate of incorporation, may be declared
by the Board at any regular or special meeting, pursuant to law. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property or in shares of the capital
stock, subject to the provisions of the certificate of incorporation.

11

7.2 Reserve
for Dividends. Before payment of any dividend, there may be set aside out of any funds of the corporation available for dividends
such sum or sums as the directors from time to time, in their sole discretion, think proper as a reserve or reserves to meet contingencies,
or for equalizing dividends, or for repairing or maintaining any property of the corporation, or for such other purposes as the directors
think conducive to the interests of the corporation, and the directors may modify or abolish any such reserve in the manner in which
it was created.

7.3 Checks.
All checks or demands for money and notes of the corporation shall be signed by such officer or officers or such other person or persons
as the Board may from time to time designate.

7.4 Fiscal
Year. The fiscal year of the corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the Board.

7.5 Corporate
Seal. The Board may adopt a corporate seal having inscribed thereon the name of the corporation, the year of its organization and
the words Corporate Seal, Delaware. The seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed
or otherwise reproduced.

7.6 Indemnification.
The corporation shall, to the fullest extent authorized under the laws of the State of Delaware, as those laws may be amended and supplemented
from time to time, indemnify any director made, or threatened to be made, a party to an action or proceeding, whether criminal, civil,
administrative or investigative, by reason of being a director of the corporation or a predecessor corporation or a director or officer
of another corporation, if such person served in such position at the request of the corporation; provided, that the corporation shall
indemnify any such director or officer in connection with a proceeding initiated by such director or officer only if such proceeding
was authorized by the Board of the corporation. The indemnification provided for in this Section 7.6 shall: (i) not be deemed
exclusive of any other rights to which those indemnified may be entitled under these Bylaws, agreement or vote of stockholders or disinterested
directors or otherwise, both as to action in their official capacities and as to action in another capacity while holding such office,
(ii) continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director and (iii) inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators
of a person who has ceased to be a director. The corporations obligation to provide indemnification under this Section 7.6
shall be offset to the extent of any other source of indemnification or any otherwise applicable insurance coverage under a policy maintained
by the corporation or any other person.

Expenses incurred by a director
of the corporation in defending a civil or criminal action, suit or proceeding by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director
of the corporation (or was serving at the corporations request as a director or officer of another corporation) shall be paid
by the corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf
of such director to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that he or she is not entitled to be indemnified by the corporation
as authorized by relevant sections of the DGCL. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the corporation shall not be required to advance such
expenses to an agent who is a party to an action, suit or proceeding brought by the corporation and approved by a majority of the Board
of the corporation that alleges willful misappropriation of corporate assets by such agent, disclosure of confidential information in
violation of such agents fiduciary or contractual obligations to the corporation or any other willful and deliberate breach in
bad faith of such agents duty to the corporation or its stockholders.

12

The foregoing provisions of
this Section 7.6 shall be deemed to be a contract between the corporation and each director who serves in such capacity at any time
while this bylaw is in effect, and any repeal or modification thereof shall not affect any rights or obligations then existing with respect
to any state of facts then or theretofore existing or any action, suit or proceeding theretofore or thereafter brought based in whole
or in part upon any such state of facts.

The Board in its sole discretion
shall have power on behalf of the corporation to indemnify any person, other than a director, made a party to any action, suit or proceeding
by reason of the fact that he or she, his testator or intestate, is or was an officer or employee of the corporation.

To assure indemnification under
this Section 7.6 of all directors, officers and employees who are determined by the corporation or otherwise to be or to have been
fiduciaries of any employee benefit plan of the corporation that may exist from time to time, Section 145 of the DGCL
shall, for the purposes of this Section 7.6, be interpreted as follows: an other enterprise shall be deemed to include
such an employee benefit plan, including any plan of the corporation that is governed by the Act of Congress entitled Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time; the corporation shall be deemed to have requested a person
to serve the corporation for purposes of Section 145 of the DGCL, as administrator of an employee benefit plan where the performance
by such person of his duties to the corporation also imposes duties on, or otherwise involves services by, such person to the plan or
participants or beneficiaries of the plan; excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan pursuant to such
Act of Congress shall be deemed fines.

Certificate
of Incorporation Governs

7.7 Conflicts
with Certificate of Incorporation. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of the corporations certificate of
incorporation and these Bylaws, the provisions of the certificate of incorporation shall govern.

Article VIII

AMENDMENTS

These Bylaws may be altered,
amended or repealed, or new bylaws may be adopted by the stockholders or by the Board, when such power is conferred upon the Board by
the certificate of incorporation at any regular meeting of the stockholders or of the Board or at any special meeting of the stockholders
or of the Board if notice of such alteration, amendment, repeal or adoption of new bylaws be contained in the notice of such special
meeting. If the power to adopt, amend or repeal bylaws is conferred upon the Board by the certificate of incorporation, it shall not
divest or limit the power of the stockholders to adopt, amend or repeal bylaws.

13

Article IX

LOANS TO OFFICERS

The corporation may lend
money to, or guarantee any obligation of or otherwise assist any officer or other employee of the corporation or of its subsidiaries,
including any officer or employee who is a director of the corporation or its subsidiaries, whenever, in the judgment of the Board, such
loan, guarantee or assistance may reasonably be expected to benefit the corporation. The loan, guarantee or other assistance may be with
or without interest and may be unsecured or secured in such manner as the Board shall approve, including a pledge of shares of stock
of the corporation. Nothing in these Bylaws shall be deemed to deny, limit or restrict the powers of guaranty or warranty of the corporation
at common law or under any statute.

Article X

RECORDS AND REPORTS

The application and requirements
of Section 1501 of the California General Corporation Law are hereby expressly waived to the fullest extent permitted thereunder.

14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm257720d3_ex3-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.3

AMENDED AND RESTATED

LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT

OF

MATTERPORT, LLC

This Amended and
Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Matterport, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the
Company), is made and entered into as of February 28, 2025, by CoStar Group, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, in its capacity as the sole and managing member of the Company (any Person serving in such capacity, the
Managing Member).

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, the Company was formed
as a limited liability company pursuant to the Certificate of Formation of the Company filed with the Secretary of State of the State
of Delaware on April 4, 2024, (the Certificate) in accordance with the provisions of the Delaware Limited Liability
Company Act (Title 6 of the Delaware Code, Section 18-101, et seq., together with any successor statute, as amended from time
to time, the Act);

WHEREAS, the undersigned executed that certain Limited Liability Company Agreement of the Company (the Original Agreement)
on April 4, 2024; 

WHEREAS, in connection with certain transactions entered into by the Company, the undersigned wishes to amend and restate the Original
Agreement in its entirety and enter into this Agreement; and

WHEREAS, the Managing Member
desires to set forth herein its statements regarding the manner in which such limited liability company shall be governed and operated.

NOW, THEREFORE, the undersigned,
intending to be legally bound hereby, certifies and covenants the following:

Article I.

DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

1.1 Definitions.
Terms used herein without definition (such as, member, manager and limited liability company interest)
shall have the meanings given thereto in the Act. The following terms have the definitions hereinafter indicated whenever used in this
Agreement with initial capital letters.

Act has
the meaning set forth in the recitals of this Agreement.

Agreement
means this Limited Liability Company Agreement, as amended from time to time in accordance with its terms and the applicable provisions
of the Act.

Certificate
has the meaning set forth in the recitals of this Agreement.

Claim
has the meaning set forth in Section 7.5.

Company
has the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Covered Person
has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1.

Liquidating Trustee
means the Managing Member or such other Person appointed by the Managing Member to serve as the liquidating trustee of the Company.

Losses
has the meaning set forth in Section 7.5.

Managing Member
has the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Membership Interest
means the limited liability company interest in the Company having all rights and obligations (economic and otherwise) to which a holder
thereof may be entitled pursuant to this Agreement and the Act.

Person
means any natural person, corporation, limited partnership, general partnership, limited liability company, joint stock company, joint
venture, association, company, estate, trust, or other organization or entity, whether or not a legal entity, custodian, trustee-executor,
administrator, nominee or entity in a representative capacity, or any government or agency or political subdivision thereof.

1.2 Construction.
Whenever the singular number is used in this Agreement and when required by the context, the same shall include the plural and vice versa,
and the masculine gender shall include the feminine and neuter genders and vice versa.

1.3 Headings.
The headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and are in no way intended to describe, interpret, define, or limit the
scope, extent or intent of this Agreement or any provision hereof.

1.4 Conflicts.
In the event of a direct conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and the mandatory provisions of the Act or any provision of
the Certificate of Formation, the Act and the Certificate of Formation, in that order of priority, shall control.

Article II.

ORGANIZATIONAL MATTERS

2.1 Name.
The name of the Company is Matrix Merger Sub II LLC.

2.2 Principal
Place of Business. The principal place of business of the Company shall be c/o CoStar Group, Inc., 1331 L Street, NW,
Washington, DC 20005, of which the Company is a wholly-owned subsidiary, or such
other place as the Managing Member may from time to time designate.

2.3 Registered
Office and Registered Agent. The name and office of the registered agent of the Company shall be the name and office of the initial
registered agent of the Company reflected in the Certificate, or such other name or place as the Managing Member may from time to time
designate. The registered office and registered agent may be changed from time to time by filing the address of the new registered office
and/or the name of the new registered agent with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware pursuant to the Act.

2.4 Term.
The term of the Company commenced upon the effectiveness of the Certificate, and shall continue indefinitely, unless earlier dissolved
in accordance with Section 9.1.

2.5 Tax
Status. It is intended that, for U.S. federal (and applicable state and local) income tax purposes, the Company be disregarded as
an entity separate from the Managing Member during the time in which the Managing Member is the sole member of the Company, and no election
has been made, or will be made, to treat the Company as an association taxable as a corporation.

-2-

Article III.

BUSINESS OF COMPANY

The business of the Company
shall be to engage in any lawful act or activities for which limited liability companies may be formed pursuant to the Act and any lawful
act or activity necessary, appropriate or advisable therefor or incidental thereto.

Article IV.

MEMBERS AND CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS

4.1 Member.
The name and address of the Managing Member is CoStar Group, Inc.,
1331 L Street, NW, Washington, DC 20005, of which the Company is a wholly-owned
subsidiary. The Managing Member owns 100% of the Membership Interest, and there are no other members of the Company.

4.2 Additional
Members. One or more additional members may be admitted to the Company only with express prior written the consent of the Managing
Member. Concurrently with the admission of any such additional members to the Company, the Managing Member shall amend this Agreement
to make such changes as the Managing Member shall determine to reflect the fact that the Company shall have such additional members. Each
additional member shall execute and deliver a joinder or counterpart to this Agreement (as amended in accordance with the immediately
preceding sentence), as necessary, appropriate or advisable.

4.3 Members
Capital Contributions. The Managing Member shall make capital contributions (in cash or in kind) at such times and in such amounts
as determined by the Managing Member. The capital contributions of the Managing Member shall be reflected in the books and records of
the Company.

4.4 Certificates.
Unless otherwise determined by the Managing Member, the Company shall not issue any certificates to evidence ownership of the Membership
Interest (or any portion thereof).

4.5 Withdrawal
of the Managing Member. The Managing Member shall be entitled to voluntarily withdraw from the Company. Upon such withdrawal, if no
other member of the Company exists, then the Company shall dissolve in accordance with the provisions of Article IX.

Article V.

DISTRIBUTIONS AND ALLOCATIONS

5.1 Distributions.
Except as prohibited by applicable law (including the Act), each distribution of cash or other assets of the Company shall be made to
the Managing Member at such times and in such amounts as determined by the Managing Member in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding this
Section 5.1, upon dissolution of the Company provided in Section 9.1, all distributions occurring thereafter shall
be made in accordance with Section 9.3.

-3-

Article VI.

MANAGEMENT

6.1 Management.
The business and affairs of the Company shall be managed by the Managing Member. The Managing Member shall have complete authority, power
and discretion to manage and control the business, affairs and assets of the Company, to make all decisions with respect thereto and to
perform or undertake any and all other acts or activities necessary, appropriate or advisable for, or incidental to, the management or
control of the business, affairs or assets of the Company, including delegating any of its authority to any Officer pursuant to and in
accordance with Section 6.2, and to do any and all other acts and things necessary, appropriate or advisable to effectuate
the purposes of this Agreement, in each case as determined by the Managing Member in its sole discretion. The Managing Member shall be
deemed a manager within the meaning of the Act. Any action taken by the Managing Member shall constitute the act of and
serve to bind the Company. Persons dealing with the Company are entitled to rely conclusively on the power and authority of the Managing
Member as set forth in this Agreement.

6.2 Officers.

(a) The
Managing Member may, from time to time, designate one or more officers to act for and on behalf of the Company with such authority as
may be delegated to such officers by the Managing Member (each such designated individual, an Officer), each of whom
shall serve as an Officer until his or her death, resignation, removal or disqualification or until his or her replacement is designated
in accordance with clause (e) of this Section 6.2. The Officers may consist of a President, one or more Vice-Presidents,
a Secretary, one or more Assistant Secretaries, a Treasurer and one or more Assistant Treasurers and any other titles as may be designated
by the Managing Member. Any number of offices may be held by the same individual.

(b) The
initial Officers, and their respective titles, as of the date hereof, are set forth on Exhibit A. The Managing Member may
appoint such additional Officers as may be necessary, appropriate or advisable for the business of the Company, each of whom shall hold
office for such period, have such authority and perform such duties as are provided in this Agreement or as the Managing Member may from
time to time determine.

(c) Any
action taken by an Officer designated by the Managing Member pursuant to authority delegated to such Officer shall constitute the act
of and serve to bind the Company. The Managing Member hereby authorizes Officers to bind the Company and enter into agreements for and
on behalf of the Company. Persons dealing with the Company are entitled to rely conclusively on the power and authority of any Officer
designated in accordance with this Agreement and any written instrument executed by the Managing Member designating such Officer and/or
delegating authority to such Officer.

(d) Any
Officer may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by the Managing Member. Any Officer may resign at any time by giving written
notice to the Managing Member. Any resignation shall take effect upon receipt of such notice or at such later time as may be specified
therein, and the acceptance of the resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. Any resignation is without prejudice to the
rights, if any, of the Company under any contract to which the Officer is a party.

-4-

(e) A
vacancy in any office of the Company because of death, resignation, removal or disqualification or other cause shall be filled by the
Managing Member.

(f) Except
as explicitly set forth in this Section 6.2, without the express prior written consent of Managing Member, no Person shall
have the authority to act for or bind the Company or have any right to participate in the management of the business and affairs of the
Company or to have any rights or powers as a member.

6.3 Other
Agents. Unless expressly authorized to do so by this Agreement or the Managing Member, no attorney-in-fact, employee, other
agent of the Company or any other Person shall have any power or authority to bind the Company in any way, including to pledge its credit
or assume any liability or undertake any other obligation for any purpose.

6.4 No
Exclusive Duty to Company. The Managing Member and each Officer shall not be required to tend to the business and affairs of the Company
as such Persons sole and exclusive function. The Managing Member and any Officer may have other business interests and may engage
in other activities in addition to those relating to the Company. The Company shall not have any right, by virtue of this Agreement, to
share or participate in investments or activities of the Managing Member or Officer or to the income or proceeds derived therefrom (unless
such investments or activities are conducted in such Persons capacity as a member or manager of the Company or an Officer).

6.5 Proxies.
On any matter that is to be voted on, or with respect to which consent or dissent
may be expressed, by a member, including the Managing Member, whether at a meeting, by written consent, or otherwise, such member, including
the Managing Member, may vote or express such consent or dissent by proxy. Any such proxy shall be granted in writing, by means of electronic
transmission or as otherwise permitted by applicable law. Each proxy shall be revocable in the discretion of the member, including the
Managing Member, executing or otherwise providing the same, unless otherwise provided in such proxy; provided, that such right
to revocation shall not invalidate or otherwise affect actions taken under such proxy prior to such revocation. No proxy shall be valid
after the expiration of eleven months from the date it is executed or provided, unless otherwise expressly provided in such proxy. A member,
including the Managing Member, may not sell its vote, consent or dissent, or issue a proxy for any sum of money or in connection with
the receipt by, or the granting to, such member, including the Managing Member, or any of its affiliates of anything of value, and any
such vote, consent, dissent or proxy shall be ineffective and void ab initio. Each proxy granted to a Person that is not a member,
including the Managing Member, or one of its affiliates, shall be exercised in a manner that is in the best interest of all members and
as a fiduciary to such members and the Company, and each such Person shall be deemed, by the receipt and exercise thereof, to agree to
be subject to, and to exercise such proxy in a manner consistent with, the duties to which a director of a solvent Delaware corporation
would be subject (without giving effect to any applicable waivers, indemnity or exculpation). Without the prior written consent of the
Managing Member, proxies may not be exercised in respect of an amendment or waiver to all or any portion of this Limited Liability Company
Agreement, any other organizational documents of the Company, or any merger or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of, the
Company or in respect of the election or removal of officers or otherwise in a manner that is inconsistent with any applicable voting
agreement applicable to the Managing Member.

-5-

6.6 Bank
Accounts. The Managing Member or any Officer may from time to time open bank accounts in the name of the Company.

6.7 Expenses.
The Managing Member shall be reimbursed for all direct out-of-pocket costs incurred in connection with the formation of the Company and
all other reasonable expenses incurred for or on behalf of the Company.

Article VII.

LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY AND INDEMNITY

7.1 Limitation
on Liability. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law (including the Act), none of the Managing Member (in each of its capacities
as a member and a manager of the Company), any officer, director, manager, shareholder, partner, member, affiliate, controlling Person,
employee, agent or other representative of the Managing Member (or any affiliate of the foregoing), or any Officer, employee, agent or
other representative of the Company (any such Person, a Covered Person) shall be liable in any way or have any duty
(including any fiduciary duty) to the Company, the Managing Member, any other member, any Person that takes all or a portion of a Membership
Interest by assignment, any Covered Person and any other Person who is bound by this Agreement or any other Person for any act or omission
(a) taken or omitted (i) pursuant to this Agreement, (ii) in good faith reliance on the provisions of this Agreement, or
advice of counsel or (iii) at the direction of the Managing Member or (b) that such Person believed in good faith was in the
best interest of the Company.

7.2 Duties.
This Agreement is not intended to, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law (including the Act), and does not, create
or impose any duty (including any fiduciary duty) on any Covered Person. The Company, the Managing Member (in each of its capacities as
a member and a manager), any other member, each other Person that takes all or a portion of a Membership Interest by assignment, each
Covered Person and any other Person who is bound by this Agreement hereby fully and unconditionally waives any and all duties (including
fiduciary duties) that, absent such waiver, may be implied or created by applicable law (including the Act), and in doing so, acknowledges
and agrees that the duties and obligation of each Covered Person to each other and to the Company are waived to the maximum extent permitted
by applicable law (including the Act). The provisions of this Agreement, to the extent that they restrict the duties and liabilities of
a Covered Person otherwise existing at law or in equity, are agreed by the Company and the Managing Member to replace such other duties
and liabilities of such Covered Person. Without limiting the foregoing, whenever
in this Agreement the Managing Member (in each of its capacities as a member and a manager of the Company) is permitted or required to
make a decision or determination, the Managing Member shall be entitled to consider only such interests and factors as it desires or deemed
appropriate (in its sole discretion), including its own interests or the interests of any other Person, and shall have no duty or obligation
to give any consideration to any interest of or factors affecting the Company, any member or any other Person.

-6-

7.3 Replacement
of Fiduciary Duties. To the extent that any provision of this Agreement (a) replaces, restricts or eliminates the duties (including
fiduciary duties) that might otherwise, as a result of Delaware or other applicable law, be owed by the Managing Member, any other member,
each other Person that takes all or a portion of a Membership Interest by assignment, each Covered Person and any other Person who is
bound by this Agreement, or (b) constitutes a waiver or consent by the Company, the Managing Member (in each of its capacities as
a member and a manager), any other member, each other Person that takes all or a portion of a Membership Interest by assignment, each
Covered Person and any other Person who is bound by this Agreement with respect to a duty (including a fiduciary duty), such provision
is hereby approved by the Company, the Managing Member, each other member, each other Person that takes all or a portion of a Membership
Interest by assignment, each Covered Person and any other Person who is bound by this Agreement. It is acknowledged that such waiver is
an integral part of this Agreement.

7.4 Limitation
on Liability; No Liability for Company Obligations. Except as otherwise required by the Act, the debts, obligations, and liabilities
of the Company, whether arising in contract, tort or otherwise, shall be solely the debts, obligations and liabilities of the Company,
and neither Managing Member (in each of its capacities as a member and a manager of the Company) nor any other Covered Person shall have
no personal liability for any such debts obligations, or liabilities of the Company solely by reason of being a member of the Company,
a Covered Person or participating in the management of the Company.

7.5 Indemnification.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law (including the Act), each of Covered Person shall be indemnified, exculpated and held
harmless by the Company from and against any and all losses, damages, judgments, liabilities, obligations, fines, penalties, deficiencies,
settlements and reasonable costs and expenses (including attorneys fees) (Losses) arising from any and all
litigations, claims, demands, actions, suits, challenges, inquiries, arbitrations, mediations or other proceedings, whether civil, criminal,
administrative, investigative, arbitral or appellate, in law or at equity (each a Claim), in which such Covered Person
may be involved, or threatened to be involved, as a party or otherwise, as a result of any act or omission in connection with the Companys
business (in furtherance of its interest in the Company, any transaction, any investment or otherwise arising out of or in connection
with the affairs of the Company), regardless of whether such Covered Person is or continues to be a member, manager, Officer, employee
or agent of the Company at the time that such Losses are paid or incurred, unless the act or omission giving rise to the Companys
indemnification obligation hereunder was taken or omitted fraudulently or constituted gross negligence or willful misconduct; provided;
however, that any indemnification under this Section 7.5 shall be provided out of and to the extent of the Company
assets only and shall not result in any liability of the Managing Member in excess of its total capital contributions, nor result in any
liability of the Managing Member to any third party. Notwithstanding anything in this Article VII to the contrary, the Company
shall have no indemnification obligation to any Covered Person with respect to any Claim initiated or brought voluntarily by such Covered
Person and not by way of defense. A Covered Person may only be determined to
be ineligible for indemnification if a determination is made by independent legal counsel appointed by the Managing Member that indemnification
of such Indemnified Party would be a violation of law or inconsistent with the provisions of Section 7.5.

7.6 Insurance.
The Managing Member may, but shall not be obligated to, cause the Company to purchase and maintain insurance for and on behalf of the
Managing Member and Officers and such other Persons as the Managing Member may determine against any liability that may be asserted against
any such Person or expense that may be incurred by any such Person in connection with the Companys activities.

-7-

7.7 Expense
Advancement.Except as limited by law or the provisions of this Article VII,
expenses incurred by a Covered Person in defending any proceeding, including a proceeding by or in the right of the Company, shall be
paid by the Company to the Covered Person as promptly as reasonably practicable in advance of final disposition of the proceeding. The
Managing Member may in its sole discretion require that such Indemnified Party execute a written undertaking to repay the amount of any
advance if the Covered Person is determined pursuant to this Article VIIor
adjudicated to be ineligible for indemnification. Any such undertaking by a Covered Person shall be an unlimited general obligation of
the Covered Person, need not be secured and may be accepted without regard to the financial ability of the Covered Person to make repayment.
No advance payment of expenses shall be made if it is determined pursuant to Section 7.5 on the basis of the circumstances
known at the time (without further investigation) that the Covered Person is ineligible for indemnification.

7.8 Successful
Defense. Notwithstanding any contrary provisions of this Article VII,
if a Covered Person has been wholly successful on the merits in the defense of any proceeding in which it was involved by reason of its
position as a Covered Person or as a result of serving in such capacity (including termination of investigative or other proceedings without
a finding of fault on the part of the Covered Person), the Covered Person shall be indemnified by the Company against all Expenses incurred
by the Indemnified Party in connection therewith. For purposes of this Section 7.7, Expenses means all
expenses, including attorneys fees and disbursements, actually and reasonably incurred in defense of a proceeding or in seeking
indemnification under this Article VII, and except for proceedings
by or in the right of the Company or alleging that an Indemnified Party received an improper personal benefit, any judgments, awards,
fines, penalties and reasonable amounts paid in settlement of a proceeding.

7.9 Contribution.
If the indemnification provided for in Section 7.5 above for any
reason is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unavailable to a Covered Person in respect any Losses referred to therein, then
the Company, in lieu of indemnifying such Covered Person thereunder, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Covered Person
as a result of such Losses (a) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company and
the Covered Person, or (b) if the allocation provided by clause (a) above is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion
as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred in clause (a) above but also the relative fault of the Company
and the Covered Person in connection with the action or inaction which resulted in such Losses, as well as any other relevant equitable
considerations. The relative fault of the Company and the Covered Person shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether
an untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information
supplied by the Company and Covered Person and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to
correct or prevent such statement or omission. Each of the Company and the Covered Parties agrees that it would not be just and equitable
if contribution pursuant to Section 7.9 were determined by pro rata or per capita allocation or by any other
method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately preceding paragraph

7.10 Non-Exclusivity.
The provisions of this Article VIIshall not be construed
to limit the power of the Company to indemnify the any Covered Person to the fullest extent permitted by law or to enter into specific
agreements, commitments or arrangements for indemnification permitted by law. The absence of any express provision for indemnification
herein shall not limit any right of indemnification existing independently of this Article VII.

-8-

7.11 Priority.
Each Covered Person may have certain rights to indemnification or advancement of expenses provided by or on behalf of the Managing Member
or its affiliates (collectively, the Member Indemnitors). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement,
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law:

(a) the
Company shall be the indemnitor of first resort (i.e., the Companys obligations to each Covered Person are primary and any
obligation of any other Person to provide indemnification or advancement of expenses for the same Losses incurred by each Covered Person
are secondary); and

(b) the
Company shall advance the full amount of expenses incurred by each Covered Person and shall be liable for the full amount of Losses to
the extent legally permitted and as required by this Agreement, without regard to any rights each Covered Person may have against any
other Person.

Article VIII.

TRANSFERABILITY

8.1 Transfers
Generally. The Managing Member may transfer (including by sale, encumbrance, assignment or other disposition) its Membership Interest
(or any portion thereof) at any time. A transferee of such Membership Interest (or such portion thereof) shall be admitted to the Company
as a member effective upon the later of (a) the due execution of a joinder or counterpart to this Agreement (as amended in accordance
with Section 4.2) and (b) the transfer of such Membership Interest (or such portion thereof) to such transferee.

8.2 Transfer
of the Entire Membership Interest. Upon a transfer by the Managing Member of all (but not any portion) of its Membership Interest
and following the admission of the transferee to the Company in accordance herewith, such transferring Managing Member shall cease to
be the Managing Member, and the transferee shall become the Managing Member and have all rights and obligations of the Managing Member
set forth herein.

Article IX.

DISSOLUTION AND TERMINATION

9.1 Dissolution.
The Company shall be dissolved upon the occurrence of any of the following events:

(a) pursuant
to any requirement of the Act; or

(b) by
the written statement of the Managing Member.

9.2 Effect
of Dissolution. Upon dissolution, the Company shall cease to carry on its business, except as permitted by the Act.

-9-

9.3 Winding
Up, Liquidation and Distribution of Assets.

(a) Upon
dissolution of the Company, no further business shall be conducted except for the taking of such action as shall be necessary for the
winding up of the affairs of the Company in an orderly manner (including the distribution of its assets to the Managing Member) pursuant
to the provisions of this Section 9.3 and the Act. The Managing Member shall act as the Liquidating Trustee, or, if the Managing
Member is unable to act as Liquidating Trustee, the Managing Member shall appoint a Liquidating Trustee. The Liquidating Trustee shall
have full authority to wind up the affairs of the Company and to make distributions as provided herein.

(b) Upon
dissolution of the Company, the Liquidating Trustee shall either sell the assets of the Company at the best price available, or the Liquidating
Trustee may distribute to the Managing Member all or any portion of the Company's assets in kind.

(c) All
assets of the Company shall be applied and distributed by the Liquidating Trustee in the following order:

(i) first,
to the creditors of the Company, to the extent otherwise permitted by applicable law, in satisfaction of liabilities of the Company (whether
by payment or the making of reasonable provision for payment thereof);

(ii) second,
to setting up the reserves that the Liquidating Trustee may deem reasonably necessary, appropriate or advisable for contingent or unforeseen
liabilities or obligations of the Company; and

(iii) third,
to the Managing Member.

9.4 Certificate
of Cancellation. Upon completion of the winding up of the affairs of the Company, the Managing Member shall file a duly executed certificate
of cancellation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware in accordance with the Act.

Article X.

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

10.1 Application
of Delaware Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of Delaware.

10.2 Amendments.
Any amendment to this Agreement shall be made in a writing signed by the Managing Member.

10.3 Severability.
If any provision of this Agreement or the application thereof to any circumstance shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable to any extent,
the remainder of this Agreement and the application thereof shall not be affected and shall be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law.

10.4 Creditors.
None of the provisions of this Agreement shall be for the benefit of or enforceable by any creditors of the Company.

[Signature page follows]

-10-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm257720d3_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

CoStar Group Completes Acquisition of Matterport,
Ushering in a New Era of 3D Digital Twins and AI-Powered Real Estate Innovation

CoStar Group and Matterport to deepen their
focus in AI, computer vision, and machine learning, advancing property insights and driving the growth of digital twin technology across
the global commercial and residential real estate sector

Arlington, Virginia February 28, 2025 CoStar
Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: CSGP), a leading provider of online real estate marketplaces, information, and analytics in the property markets,
announced today the successful completion of its previously announced acquisition of Matterport, Inc. (NASDAQ: MTTR), the global
leader in 3D digital twin technology. This powerful combination brings together two industry pioneers to accelerate the adoption of AI-driven
digital twin technology across the global real estate landscape.

CoStar Group and Matterport have long shared a vision of digitizing
the real estate industry, and today, we officially unite to realize that future together, said Andy Florance, Founder and Chief Executive Officer of CoStar Group. Matterports cutting-edge 3D capture and AI-powered property insights have already transformed how residential
and commercial properties are marketed and experienced. By integrating Matterports groundbreaking digital twin technology with
our vast property data and online marketplaces, we are creating an unparalleled solution for buyers, sellers, and renters to explore properties
with greater depth and insight than ever before."

Matterport pioneered 3D digital twins, enabling property owners, buyers,
and renters to experience properties with immersive accuracy from anywhere in the world. With over 14 million spaces and 50 billion square
feet digitized across 177 countries, Matterport has built the worlds largest and most precise spatial data library, empowering
real estate professionals with powerful insights and visualization tools.

This is an exciting milestone for Matterport, as we join forces
with CoStar Group to accelerate our impact on the global real estate industry, said RJ Pittman, Chairman and CEO of Matterport.
From residential to commercial, our technology is redefining how residential and commercial spaces are discovered, marketed, and
transacted. With CoStar Groups scale and resources, we can fast-track innovation, deepen AI-driven analytics, and deliver even
greater value to our customers worldwide.

CoStar Group and Matterport are committed to further investing in AI,
computer vision, and machine learning to improve property analytics, optimize operational efficiency, and broaden the use of digital twin
technologies throughout the real estate industry. As the demand for remote property exploration and data-driven decision-making continues
to grow, this merger positions the combined company at the forefront of the next generation of real estate technology.

The opportunity ahead is vastthere are more than four billion
residential and commercial buildings on the planet, roughly twice as many as there are websites on the internet today. Yet, the vast majority
of these spaces remain largely undigitized. With the property sector representing a $327 trillion asset classthe largest in the
world by several timesthe need for accurate, data-driven insights has never been greater. Together, CoStar Group and Matterport
are poised to lead this digital transformation, bringing AI-powered intelligence, 3D digital twins, and next-generation property insights
to every corner of the built world. This is just the beginning.

###

About CoStar Group, Inc.

CoStar Group (NASDAQ: CSGP) is the global leader in commercial real
estate information, analytics, and online marketplaces. Founded in 1986, CoStar Group is dedicated to digitizing the worlds real
estate, empowering all people to discover properties, insights, and connections that improve their businesses and lives.

CoStar Groups major brands include CoStar, a leading global
provider of commercial real estate data, analytics, and news; LoopNet, the most trafficked commercial real estate marketplace; Apartments.com,
the leading platform for apartment rentals; and Homes.com, the fastest-growing residential real estate marketplace. CoStar Groups
industry-leading brands include STR, a global leader in hospitality data and benchmarking, Ten-X, an online platform for commercial real
estate auctions and negotiated bids and OnTheMarket, a leading residential property portal in the United Kingdom.

CoStar Groups websites attracted over 134 million average monthly
unique visitors in the fourth quarter of 2024, serving clients around the world. Headquartered in Arlington, Virginia, CoStar Group is
committed to transforming the real estate industry through innovative technology and comprehensive market intelligence. From time to time,
we plan to utilize our corporate website as a channel of distribution for material company information. For more information, visit CoStarGroup.com.

Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking
statements regarding the anticipated benefits of the merger, investment in Matterports technology, and expansion of digital twin
applications. These statements involve risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to market conditions, competitive pressures,
and regulatory factors. Actual results may differ materially. CoStar Group and Matterport disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking
statements, except as required by law.

Advisors

J.P. Morgan Securities is serving as financial advisor and Latham &
Watkins LLP is serving as legal advisor to CoStar Group.

Qatalyst Partners is serving as financial advisor and Foley &
Lardner LLP is serving as legal advisor to Matterport.

News Media: 

Matthew Blocher 

Vice President 

CoStar Group Corporate Marketing & Communications 

(202) 346-6775 

mblocher@costar.com

Investor Relations: 

Rich Simonelli 

Head of Investor Relations 

CoStar Group Investor Relations 

(202) 346-5649 

getrich@costar.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>mttr-20250228.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>mttr-20250228_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>mttr-20250228_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 28, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 28, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-39790

Entity Registrant Name Matterport, Inc./DE

Entity Central Index Key 0001819394

Entity Tax Identification Number 85-1695048

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 352
East Java Drive

Entity Address, City or Town Sunnyvale

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 94089

City Area Code 650

Local Phone Number 641-2241

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol MTTR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://matterport.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

mttr-20250228.xsd 
mttr-20250228_lab.xml 
mttr-20250228_pre.xml 
tm257720d3_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-018773-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>tm257720d3_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001819394 

2025-02-28 
2025-02-28 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0001819394 
Matterport, Inc./DE 
8-K 
2025-02-28 
DE 
001-39790 
85-1695048 
352 East Java Drive 
Sunnyvale 
CA 
94089 
650 
641-2241 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
MTTR 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>