<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-003643.txt : 20250124
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-003643.hdr.sgml : 20250124
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250124172134
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-003643
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		21
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250118
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250124
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250124

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Safety Shot, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001760903
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PERFUMES, COSMETICS & OTHER TOILET PREPARATIONS [2844]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				832455880
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39569
		FILM NUMBER:		25555209

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1061 E. INDIANTOWN RD.
		STREET 2:		STE. 110
		CITY:			JUPITER
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33477
		BUSINESS PHONE:		561-325-0482

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1061 E. INDIANTOWN RD.
		STREET 2:		STE. 110
		CITY:			JUPITER
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33477

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Jupiter Wellness, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200615

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CBD Brands, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20181206
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000176090300017609032025-01-182025-01-180001760903us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-01-182025-01-180001760903SHOT:WarrantsEachExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockAt8.50PerShareMember2025-01-182025-01-18iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C., 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 18, 2025

SAFETY
SHOT, INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in charter)

Delaware 001-39569 83-2455880

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

1061
E. Indiantown Rd., Ste. 110, Jupiter, FL33477

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(561)244-7100

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

Not
Applicable

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered 

Common
Stock SHOT 

The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

(The
Nasdaq Capital Market)

Warrants,
each exercisable for one share of Common Stock at $8.50 per share SHOTW 

The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

(The
Nasdaq Capital Market)

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mart if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

Consulting
Agreement

On
January 18, 2025, Safety Shot, Inc. (the Company) entered into a Consulting Agreement (the Consulting Agreement)
with Blue Capital S.A., LLC., a United Arab Emirates limited company (the Consultant), pursuant to which the Consultant
shall provide the Company with services as stated therein, for a period of five (5) year term commencing on February 1, 2025. The Company
shall issue to Blue Capital 4,545,454 options to purchase shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 (the Common
Stock) at $0.44 per shares (the Options). The Consultant Shares shall vest in equal quarterly installments such
that 2,272,727 Options shall vest on August 1, 2025, and 2,272,727 Options shall vest on February 1, 2026.

Settlement
Agreement

On
January 20, 2025, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with Bigger Capital, LLC, (the Settlement Agreement and
Bigger Capital respectively). In exchange for a resolution to all issues and claims that relate to the previously filed
action against the Company in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, New York County, Index No. 65018/2024 (the Action).
Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, the Company has agreed to pay or issue to Bigger Capital the following: (i) pay Bigger Capital
$375,000; (ii) issue a secured convertible note in the principal amount of $1.75 million maturing on December 31, 2026 (the Secured
Convertible Note); (iii) a convertible note in the principal amount of $3.5 million maturing June 30, 2025 (the Note);
and (iv) 5,332,889 warrants to purchase one share of common stock, par value $0.001 (the Common Stock), at an exercise
price of $0.4348 (the Warrants). Additionally, a significant shareholder of the Company and Bigger Capital entered
into a voting agreement in favor of Bigger Capital in addition to the Settlement Agreement.

The
Note

Upon
the maturity date of the Note, at the Companys discretion, the Company will have the option to either (i) repay the Note in full
including any accrued interest, (ii) issue a $2,000,000 SAFE Note (the SAFE Note), or (iii) a $4.5 million convertible
note bearing a 9% interest rate, maturing on December 31, 2027 (the Replacement Note).

The
Warrants

Pursuant
to the Settlement Agreement, the Company has agreed to exchange the 1,650,050 warrants held by Bigger Capital for a total of 5,332,889
Warrants exercisable for $0.43. The Warrants contain customary adjustment provisions and representation and warranties. The Warrants
are exercisable for a five year period following the issuance date of the Warrants.

Registration
Rights

Pursuant
to the Settlement Agreement the Company shall promptly file a Registration Statement for shares of the Companys Common Stock equal
to 150% of the shares initially issuable upon exercise of the Secured Note and the Note (the Registrable Securities), which
filing shall be no later than ten (10) business days after the execution of this Agreement. The Company shall diligently take all steps
necessary for the Registration Statement to become effective as soon as practicable and shall thereafter maintain the Registration Statement
until the Registrable Securities are sold. Upon receiving notification from the Securities Exchange Commission (the SEC)
that either the Registration Statement relating to the Registrable Securities has received a no review from the SEC or
that the SEC has no additional comments to the Registration Statement, the Company will take all action necessary to ensure that the
Registration Statement has been declared effective within two business days of either such notification. 

The
descriptions of the Agreements above are summaries and are qualified in entirety by the actual agreements which are filed as Exhibits
hereto and which are incorporated by reference in this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item
2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The
information set forth in Item 1.01 and 9.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities

The
applicable information related to the Shares issued pursuant to the SPA and the Consulting Agreement presented in Item 1.01 of this Current
Report is incorporated by reference in this Item 3.02. The Securities will be issued without prior
registration in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, and Rule 506(b) of Regulation
D thereunder.

Item
9.01 Exhibits

Exhibit
No. Description

4.1 Form of Warrants

10.1 Form of Settlement Agreement

10.2 Form of Senior Secured Convertible Note

10.3 Form of the Note

10.4 Form of SAFE Note

10.5 Form of Replacement Note

10.6 Form of Consulting Agreement

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded with the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date:
January 24, 2025

SAFETY
SHOT, INC. 

By: /s/
Jarrett Boon 

Jarrett
Boon, 

Chief
Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex4-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

EXECUTION
VERSION

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE
OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

WARRANT
TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK

SAFETY SHOT, INC.

Warrant
Shares: 5,332,889 

Initial
Exercise Date: January 20, 2025

Issue
Date: January 20, 2025

THIS
WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, Bigger Capital LLC or its assigns
(the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter
set forth, at any time on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on January 20, 2030 (the
Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Safety Shot, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the Company), up to 5,332,889 shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares)
of Common Stock. The purchase price of one (1) share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined
in Section 2(b). This Warrant shall initially be issued and maintained in the form of a security held in book-entry form and the Depository
Trust Company or its nominee (DTC) shall initially be the sole registered holder of this Warrant, subject to a Holders
right to elect to receive a Warrant in certificated form upon its request.

Section
1. Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated in
this Section 1:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Bid
Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock
is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or
a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of Common Stock
so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected
in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the
fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required
by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally
are open for use by customers on such day.

Caring
Brands Spin-Off means the spin-off of the Companys subsidiary, Caring Brands, Inc., in the previously announced spin-off
pursuant to which Caring Brands, Inc. would operate as its own entity.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, $0.001 par value per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed
or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means a day on which the Common Stock is traded on a Trading Market.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange, OTCQB or OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this (a) Warrant, (b) the Secured Convertible Note, dated as of the date hereof, in the principal amount of
$1,750,000 issued by the Company to the Holder, (c) that certain Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release, dated as of the date hereof
(the Settlement Agreement), by and between the Company and the Holder, (d) the Convertible Note, dated as of the
date hereof, in the principal amount of $3,500,000 issued by the Company to the Holder, and any other agreements, instruments or documents
delivered in connection with the Settlement Agreement.

2

Transfer
Agent means ClearTrust, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 16540 Pointe Village Dr.,
Suite 210, Lutz, FL 33558 and an email address of kara@cleartrusttransfer.com, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or
a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of Common Stock
so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected
in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the
fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Warrants
means this Warrant and any other Common Stock purchase warrants issued by the Company pursuant to the Transaction Documents.

Section
2. Exercise.

a)
Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time
or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF
copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the
Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising
the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver
the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers
check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable
Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee
or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and
the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within
three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant
resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding
number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and
the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver
any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance
of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the
Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount
stated on the face hereof.

3

Notwithstanding
the foregoing in this Section 2(a), a holder whose interest in this Warrant is a beneficial interest in certificate(s) representing this
Warrant held in book-entry form through DTC (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions), shall effect
exercises made pursuant to this Section 2(a) by delivering to DTC (or such other clearing corporation, as applicable) the appropriate
instruction form for exercise, complying with the procedures to effect exercise that are required by DTC (or such other clearing corporation,
as applicable), subject to a Holders right to elect to receive a Warrant in certificated form upon its request.

b)
Exercise Price. The exercise price per Warrant Share shall be equal to $0.4348, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise
Price). The Initial Market Price, as used herein, means the lower of (x) the Nasdaq Official Closing
Price (as reflected on Nasdaq.com) immediately preceding the signing of this Warrant; or (ii) the average Nasdaq Official Closing Price
of the common stock (as reflected on Nasdaq.com) for the five trading days immediately preceding the signing of this Warrant.

c)
Cashless Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus
contained therein is not available for the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder or the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder,
then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which
the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as
applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of
Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed
and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours
(as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option
of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z)
the Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. as of the time of the Holders
execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours
on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular
trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of
Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant
to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the
Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the
number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such
exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised, and the holding period
of the Warrant Shares being issued may be tacked on to the holding period of this Warrant. Without limiting any other provision in the
Transaction Documents, assuming (i) the Holder is not an Affiliate of the Company, and (ii) all of the applicable conditions of Rule
144 promulgated under the Securities Act with respect to Holder and the Warrant Shares are met in the case of such a cashless exercise,
the Company agrees that the Company will cause the removal of the legend from such Warrant Shares (including by delivering an opinion
of the Companys counsel to the Companys transfer agent at its own expense to ensure the foregoing), and the Company agrees
that the Holder is under no obligation to sell the Warrant Shares issuable upon the exercise of the Warrant prior to removing the legend..
The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant
to this Section 2(c).

4

d)
Mechanics of Exercise.

i.
Delivery of Warrant Shares upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by
the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the accountof the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository
Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant
in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale
of the Warrant Shares by Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations
pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, for the number
of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise
by the date that is the earliest of (i) two (2) Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, (ii) one (1)
Trading Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company and (iii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard
Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date).
Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of
the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares,
provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier
of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice
of Exercise. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for
purposes of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act to have become the holder of the Warrant Shares irrespective of the date of delivery
of the Warrant Shares. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each
$1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise),
$10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third (3rd) Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each
Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company
agrees to maintain a Transfer Agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable.
As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading
Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice
of Exercise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York City
time) on the Initial Exercise Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of the Transaction Documents, the
Company agrees to deliver the Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date
and the Initial Exercise Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date for purposes hereunder, provided that payment of the aggregate
Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by such Warrant Share Delivery Date.

5

ii.
Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of
a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in
all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii.
Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section
2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv.
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to
the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions
of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required
by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares
of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon
such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x)
the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds
(y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection
with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B)
at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise
was not honored and return any amount received by the Company in respect of the Exercise Price for those Warrant Shares (in which case
such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had
the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having
a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate
sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall
be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder
in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders
right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific
performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise
of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v.
No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi.
Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax
or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company,
and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered
for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto as Exhibit B duly executed by the Holder and the Company may
require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company
shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

6

vii.
Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise
of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

e)
Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the
right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance
after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other
Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, unexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or
unconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership
shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being
acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent
that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to
other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable
shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination
of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution
Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company
shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status
as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed
with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by
the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of
a Holder, the Company shall within one (1) Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion
or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date
as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be 4.99% (or, upon election by a Holder prior to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%) of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice
to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to
the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall
continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is
delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity
with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the
intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect
to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

7

f)
Call Provision. Subject to the provisions of Section 2(e) and this Section 2(f), if, after the Initial Exercise Date, (i) the
VWAP for each of 10 consecutive Trading Days (the Measurement Period, which 10 consecutive Trading Day period shall
not have commenced until after the Initial Exercise Date) exceeds a price per share equal to three times the Initial Market Price, (ii)
the average daily volume for each day in such Measurement Period exceeds 500,000 shares traded per Trading Day (subject to adjustment
for forward and reverse stock splits, recapitalizations, stock dividends and the like after the Initial Exercise Date) and (iii) the
Holder is not in possession of any information that constitutes, or might constitute, material non-public information which was provided
by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their officers, directors, employees, agents or Affiliates, then the Company may,
within one (1) Trading Day of the end of such Measurement Period, call for cancellation of all or any portion of this Warrant for which
a Notice of Exercise has not yet been delivered (such right, a Call) for consideration equal to $0.001 per Warrant
Share. To exercise this right, the Company must deliver to the Holder an irrevocable written notice (a Call Notice),
indicating therein the portion of unexercised portion of this Warrant to which such notice applies. If the conditions set forth below
for such Call are satisfied from the period from the date of the Call Notice through and including the Call Date (as defined below),
then any portion of this Warrant subject to such Call Notice for which a Notice of Exercise shall not have been received by the Call
Date will be cancelled at 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the tenth (10th) Trading Day after the date the Call Notice is received by
the Holder (such date and time, the Call Date). Any unexercised portion of this Warrant to which the Call Notice
does not pertain will be unaffected by such Call Notice. In furtherance thereof, the Company covenants and agrees that it will honor
all Notices of Exercise with respect to Warrant Shares subject to a Call Notice that are tendered through 6:30 p.m. (New York City time)
on the Call Date. The parties agree that any Notice of Exercise delivered following a Call Notice which calls less than all of the Warrants
shall first reduce to zero the number of Warrant Shares subject to such Call Notice prior to reducing the remaining Warrant Shares available
for purchase under this Warrant. For example, if (A) this Warrant then permits the Holder to acquire 100 Warrant Shares, (B) a Call Notice
pertains to 75 Warrant Shares, and (C) prior to 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the Call Date the Holder tenders a Notice of Exercise
in respect of 50 Warrant Shares, then (x) on the Call Date the right under this Warrant to acquire 25 Warrant Shares will be automatically
cancelled, (y) the Company, in the time and manner required under this Warrant, will have issued and delivered to the Holder 50 Warrant
Shares in respect of the exercises following receipt of the Call Notice, and (z) the Holder may, until the Termination Date, exercise
this Warrant for 25 Warrant Shares (subject to adjustment as herein provided and subject to subsequent Call Notices). Subject again to
the provisions of this Section 2(f), the Company may deliver subsequent Call Notices for any portion of this Warrant for which the Holder
shall not have delivered a Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Warrant, the Company may not
deliver a Call Notice or require the cancellation of this Warrant (and any such Call Notice shall be void), unless, from the beginning
of the Measurement Period through the Call Date, (1) the Company shall have honored in accordance with the terms of this Warrant all
Notices of Exercise delivered by 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the Call Date, and (2) a registration statement shall be effective
as to all Warrant Shares and the prospectus thereunder available for use by the Company for the sale of all such Warrant Shares to the
Holder, and (3) the Common Stock shall be listed or quoted for trading on the Trading Market, and (4) there is a sufficient number of
authorized shares of Common Stock for issuance of all Warrant Shares, and (5) the issuance of all Warrant Shares subject to a Call Notice
shall not cause a breach of any provision of Section 2(e) herein. The Companys right to call the Warrants under this Section 2(f)
shall be exercised ratably among the Holders based on each Holders initial purchase of Warrants.

8

Section
3. Certain Adjustments.

a)
Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares
of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant but shall include stock of Caring Brands, Inc. issuable in connection with the Caring Brands Spin-Off), (ii) subdivides outstanding
shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of
Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of Common Stock any shares of capital stock
of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of
shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall
be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event (including, in the case of the Caring Brands Spin-Off,
the shares of Caring Brands, Inc. issued in connection with the Caring Brands Spin-Off), and the number of shares issuable upon exercise
of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any
adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders
entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision,
combination or re-classification.

b)
Subsequent Equity Sales. If the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, as applicable, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding,
shall sell, enter into an agreement to sell, or grant any option to purchase, or sell, enter into an agreement to sell, or grant any
right to reprice, or otherwise dispose of or issue (or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition)
any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, at an effective price per share less than the Exercise Price then in effect (such
lower price, the Base Share Price and such issuances collectively, a Dilutive Issuance) (it
being understood and agreed that if the holder of the shares of Common Stock or share of Common Stock Equivalents or such other securities
so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments, reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange
prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled to
receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share that is less than the Exercise Price, such issuance shall be deemed to
have occurred for less than the Exercise Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance at such effective price), then simultaneously with
the consummation (or, if earlier, the announcement (provided such Dilutive Issuance occurs)) of each Dilutive Issuance the Exercise Price
shall be reduced and only reduced to equal the Base Share Price, provided that the Base Share Price shall not be less than 20% of the
Initial Market Price (the Floor Price). Notwithstanding the foregoing, no adjustments shall be made, paid or issued
under this Section 3(b) in respect of an Exempt Issuance. The Company shall notify the Holder, in writing, no later than the Trading
Day following the issuance or deemed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or share of Common Stock Equivalents subject to this Section
3(b), indicating therein the applicable issuance price, or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion price and other pricing
terms (such notice, the Dilutive Issuance Notice). For purposes of clarification, whether or not the Company provides
a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 3(b), upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance, the Holder is entitled to receive
a number of Warrant Shares based upon the Base Share Price regardless of whether the Holder accurately refers to the Base Share Price
in the Notice of Exercise. If the Company enters into a Variable Rate Transaction, the Company shall be deemed to have issued shares
of Common Stock or share of Common Stock Equivalents at the lowest possible price, conversion price or exercise price at which such securities
may be issued, converted or exercised.

9

c)
Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants,
issues or sells any share of Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to
all (or substantially all) of the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then
the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder
could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without
regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the
date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as
of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial
ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall
be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation). This Section shall not be applicable to the Caring Brands Spin-Off.

d)
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or
other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to all (or substantially all) holders of shares of Common Stock, by
way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or
options by way of a dividend, spin-off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction)
(a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled
to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number
of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including
without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution,
or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation
in such Distribution (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would
result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the
portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would
not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely
exercised at the time of such Distribution, such portion of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder
until the Holder has exercised this Warrant. This Section shall not be applicable to the Caring Brands Spin-Off.

10

e)
Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or
more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company or any Subsidiary,
directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially
all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange
offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender
or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding
Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one
or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share
exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v)
the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business
combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another
Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or 50% or
more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent
exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such
exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation
in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of
the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration)
receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is
exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this
Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such
Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental
Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the
relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the
securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate
Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary,
in the event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holders option,
exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later, the
date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by paying to the Holder
an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on the date
of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not within the Companys
control, including not approved by the Companys Board of Directors, the Holder shall only be entitled to receive from the Company
or any Successor Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), at the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised
portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Common Stock of the Company in connection with the Fundamental
Transaction, whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination thereof, or whether the holders of Common Stock
are given the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection with the Fundamental Transaction; provided,
further, that if holders of Common Stock of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction, such
holders of Common Stock will be deemed to have received common stock/shares of the Successor Entity (which Entity may be the Company
following such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value means the value of
this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg, L.P. (Bloomberg)
determined as of the day of consummation of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A)
a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement
of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the greater of (1)
100% and (2) the 100 day volatility as obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365 day annualization factor)
as of the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying
price per share used in such calculation shall be the greater of (i) the sum of the price per share being offered in cash, if any, plus
the value of any non-cash consideration, if any, being offered in such Fundamental Transaction and (ii) the highest VWAP during the period
beginning on the Trading Day immediately preceding the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction (or
the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, if earlier) and ending on the Trading Day of the Holders request pursuant
to this Section 3(e) and (D) a remaining option time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable
contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date and (E) a zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will
be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds (or such other consideration) within the later of (i) five (5) Business Days
after the Holders election and (ii) the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor
entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in
writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions
of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder
(without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange
for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to
this Warrant that is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity)
equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on
the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder
to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock prior to such Fundamental Transaction
and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of
protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably
satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall
be added to the term Company under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation of such Fundamental
Transaction, each and every provision of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company
shall refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor
Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto
and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant and
the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally,
had been named as the Company herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of this
Section 3(e) regardless of (i) whether the Company has sufficient authorized shares of Common Stock for the issuance of Warrant Shares
and/or (ii) whether a Fundamental Transaction occurs prior to the Initial Exercise Date. The Caring Brands Spin-Off shall not be deemed
a Fundamental Transaction for purposes of this Section.

11

f)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the
case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date
shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

g)
Notice to Holder.

i.
Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company
shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment
to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii.
Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on
the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of
capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with
any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any
sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into
other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding
up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email
address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective
date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution,
redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to
be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected
that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock for securities, cash or other property
deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver
such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified
in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding
the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report
on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the
effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

12

h)
Share Combination Event Adjustment. In addition to the adjustments set forth in Section 3(a) above, if at any time and from time
to time on or after the Issuance Date there occurs any share split, share dividend, share combination recapitalization or other similar
transaction involving the Common Stock (each, a Share Combination Event, and such date thereof, the Share
Combination Event Date) and the lowest VWAP during the 5 consecutive Trading Days commencing on the Share Combination Event
Date (the Event Market Price) (provided if the Share Combination Event is effective after close of Trading on the
primary Trading Market, then commencing on the next Trading Day which period shall be the Share Combination Adjustment Period)
is less than the Exercise Price then in effect (after giving effect to the adjustment in clause 3(a) above), then, as permitted by the
rules and regulations of the Trading Market, at the close of trading on the primary Trading Market on the last day of the Share Combination
Adjustment Period, the Exercise Price then in effect on such fifth (5th) Trading Day shall be reduced (but in no event increased) to
the Event Market Price and the number of Warrant Shares issuable hereunder shall be increased such that the aggregate Exercise Price
payable hereunder, after taking into account the decrease in the Exercise Price, shall be equal to the aggregate Exercise Price on the
Issuance Date. For the avoidance of doubt, if the adjustment in the immediately preceding sentence would otherwise result in an increase
in the Exercise Price hereunder, no adjustment shall be made, and if this Warrant is exercised, on any given Exercise Date during the
Share Combination Adjustment Period, solely with respect to such portion of this Warrant exercised on such applicable Exercise Date,
such applicable Share Combination Adjustment Period shall be deemed to have ended on, and included, the Trading Day immediately prior
to such Exercise Date and the Event Market Price on such applicable Exercise Date will be the lowest VWAP of the Common Stock immediately
during such the Share Combination Adjustment Period prior to such Exercise Date and ending on, and including the Trading Day immediately
prior to such Exercise Date.

i)
Voluntary Adjustment by Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Trading Market and the consent of the Holder, the
Company may at any time during the term of this Warrant reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of time
deemed appropriate by the Board of Directors.

13

Section
4. Transfer of Warrant.

a)
Transferability. Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof
and to the provisions of Section 4.1 of the Purchase Agreement, this This Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation,
any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company
or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B duly
executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer.
Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the
assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall
issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company
unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three
(3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant,
if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new
Warrant issued.

b)
New Warrants. If this Warrant is not held in global form through DTC (or any successor depositary), this Warrant may be divided
or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying
the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance
with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a
new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants
issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except
as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c)
Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the
Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the
registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder,
and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d)
Transfer Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer
of this Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under
applicable state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public
information requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or
transferee of this Warrant, as the case may be, comply with the provisions of Section 5.7 of the Purchase Agreement.

e)
Representation by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant
and, upon any exercise hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to
or for distributing or reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities
law, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

14

Section
5. Miscellaneous.

a)
No Rights as Stockholder until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights,
dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly
set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise
pursuant to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company
be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b)
Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares,
and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant,
shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the
Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant
or stock certificate.

c)
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

d)
Authorized Shares. The Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized
and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase
rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers
who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The
Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein
without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be
listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this
Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith,
be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable (which means that no further sums are required to be paid by the holders
thereof in connection with the issue thereof) and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue
thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale
of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant,
but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

15

Before
taking any action that would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the
Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from
any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e)
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders,
partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York.
Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York,
Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby
or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is
not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient
venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient
service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any
other manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant,
the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys
fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, nothing in this paragraph shall limit or restrict the federal district court in which a Holder may bring a claim under
the federal securities laws.

f)
Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and
the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g)
Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall
operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. No provision of this Warrant
shall be construed as a waiver by the Holder of any rights which the Holder may have under the federal securities laws and the rules
and regulations of the Commission thereunder. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant or the Purchase Agreement, if the
Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder,
the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to,
reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant
hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h)
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without
limitation, any Notice of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight
courier service, addressed to the Company, at 1061 E. Indiantown Rd., Ste. 110, Jupiter, FL 33477, Attention: Jarrett Boon, Chief Executive
Officer, email address: jboon@drinksafetyshot.com, or such other email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes
by notice to the Holders. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be
in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to the Holder,
at 11700 West Charleston Blvd. #170-659, Las Vegas, NV 89135, Attention: Michael Bigger, email address: michael@biggercapital.com, or
such other email address or address of the Holder as the Holder may specify for such purposes by notice to the Company. Any notice or
other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such
notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time)
on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the
e-mail address set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading
Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or
(iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes,
or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice
with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

16

i)
Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant
to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of
the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company
or by creditors of the Company.

j)
Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will
be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to
assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k)
Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns
of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall
be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l)
Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on
the one hand, and the Holder, on the other hand.

m)
Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

n)
Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed
a part of this Warrant.

********************

[Warrant
Signature Page Follows]

17

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated.

SAFETY
SHOT, INC.

By: 

Name: Jarrett
Boon

Its: Chief
Executive Officer

18

Exhibit A

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

To:
SAFETY SHOT, INC.

(1)
The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only
if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2)
Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States; or

if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3)
Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

(4)
The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended.

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name
of Investing Entity 

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity 

Name
of Authorized Signatory 

Title
of Authorized Signatory 

Date: 

Exhibit B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant to purchase
shares.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please
Print)

Address: 

(Please
Print)

Phone
Number: 

Email
Address: 

Dated: 

Holders
Signature: 

Holders
Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Execution Version

SETTLEMENT
AGREEMENT AND MUTUAL RELEASE

WHEREAS,
Bigger Capital LLC (Bigger Capital) previously filed an action against Safety Shot, Inc. (SHOT
or the Company) in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, New York County, Index No. 65018/2024 (the Action);

WHEREAS,
Bigger Capital and SHOT (the Parties) desire to fully settle and resolve all issues and claims that relate in any
way to the allegations set forth in the Action without the admission of any fault or liability on the part of any of the Parties;

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of and in return for the promises and covenants undertaken by the Parties herein and the releases given
herein, the adequacy of which consideration is acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:

1.
Settlement Consideration. (a) No later than ten business days following the execution of this Agreement, SHOT shall pay to Bigger
Capital in available funds by wire transfer in the aggregate amount of $375,000 (the Settlement Payment) and (b)
simultaneous with the execution of this Agreement, SHOT shall execute and deliver: (i) a Secured Note in the principal amount of
$1.75 million maturing December 31, 2026 in the form annexed as Exhibit A (the Secured Note) (ii) a
Convertible Note in the principal amount of $3.5 million maturing June 30, 2025 in the form annexed as Exhibit B; (the Note)
and (iii) Warrants in the form annexed as Exhibit C in an amount computed in accordance with Section 2(a) in exchange
for the $1.40 Warrants (as defined below) (the Exchange Warrant and together with the Secured Note, the Note, and
the Settlement Payment, the Settlement Consideration). With respect to the Secured Note, the Company and its subsidiaries
will enter into a Security Agreement with Bigger Capital in such form as is reasonably requested by Bigger Capital and acknowledges that
Bigger Capital will file UCC-1s relating to the perfection of the security interest that Bigger Capital will have in the assets of the
Company and its subsidiaries. Both the Secured Note and the Note may be paid back in full by SHOT within the first six months, subject
to the terms and conditions set forth therein; provided, that the Secured Note may in no event be voluntarily prepaid in any amount unless
and until the Note or the Replacement Note, as the case may be, has been prepaid or otherwise satisfied in full. In addition, Bigger
Capital cannot convert either the Secured Note or the Note until the earlier of (x) the effectiveness of the Registration Statement referenced
in Section 5 herein, or (y) the first six months after the execution of this Agreement.

2.
The Warrant Exchange.

(a) Shot
acknowledges and agrees that Bigger Capital currently owns 1,656,050 Warrants issued July 25, 2021, exercisable at $1.40 per share (the
$1.40 Warrants). In connection with this Agreement, Bigger Capital is exchanging all of the $1.40 Warrants for the
Exchange Warrant which will have an exercise price equal to 80% of the lesser of (i) the five day volume weighted average price for Shot
on the day before this Agreement is signed or (ii) the closing price for Shot on the day before this Agreement is signed (the Exercise
Price) and a share amount equal to 2,318,740 divided by the Exercise Price. In addition, the exercise price of the Exchange
Warrants may be further reduced pursuant to the provisions of the Exchange Warrants. SHOT agrees that pursuant to Section 3(a)(9) of
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act), the exchange of Exchange Warrants for $1.40 Warrants is exempt from registration
under the Act and that the holding period for the Exchange Warrants commenced as of the date Bigger Capital received the $1.40 Warrants.
Accordingly, upon a cashless exercise of the Exchange Warrants, SHOT will provide a legal opinion and all necessary documentation to
ensure that Bigger Capital receives unrestricted Company Common Stock in accordance with the amounts set forth in the Notice of Exercise
within one day after Bigger Capital delivers the Notice of Exercise and will honor any Notice of Exercise on that basis. SHOT may file
a Registration Statement for the resale of the shares issuable upon exercise of the Exchange Warrants if it wishes to do so in order
to require a cash exercise.

2 

3. The Note.

(a) The
parties agree that on maturity, SHOT shall be entitled to pay the Note by delivery, in its sole discretion, by any of the following:
(i) payment of principal and interest in cash; or (ii) payment of $2 million and a SAFE in the form annexed as Exhibit D
in the amount of $2 million; or (iii) delivery of a Convertible Note bearing interest at 9% per annum, maturing December 31, 2027 (the
Replacement Note) in the form annexed as Exhibit E.

4.
Right of Participation. From the date hereof until the date that is three (3) years after the date hereof, upon any issuance by
the Company or any of its subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalent (as defined below) for cash consideration, indebtedness,
or a combination thereof (a Subsequent Financing), Bigger Capital shall have the right, either in its own right
or acting through an affiliate, to participate in up to 25% of such Subsequent Financing on the same terms, conditions and price provided
for in the Subsequent Financing; provided that Bigger Capital may elect in its sole discretion to apply any outstanding principal amounts
under the promissory notes issued to it pursuant to this Agreement to such participation in the Subsequent Financing. Common
Stock Equivalents, as used herein, means any securities of the Company or its subsidiaries which would entitle the holder
thereof to acquire at any time the Companys Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option,
warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder
thereof to receive, Common Stock.

3 

5.
Registration Rights Agreement. The Company shall promptly file a Registration Statement for shares of the Companys Common
Stock equal to 150% of the shares initially issuable upon exercise of the Secured Note and the Note (the Registrable Securities),
which filing shall be no later than ten (10) business days after the execution of this Agreement. The Company shall diligently take all
steps necessary for the Registration Statement to become effective as soon as practicable and shall thereafter maintain the Registration
Statement until the Registrable Securities are sold. Upon receiving notification from the Securities Exchange Commission
(the SEC) that either the Registration Statement relating to the Registrable Securities has received a no
review from the SEC or that the SEC has no additional comments to the Registration Statement, the Company will take all action
necessary to ensure that the Registration Statement has been declared effective within two business days of either such notification.
The Company shall not file or permit any other registration statement to become effective prior to the time that the Registration Statement
for the Registrable Securities becomes effective. If the Registration Statement covering all of the Registrable Securities
is not declared effective within 75 days of the execution date of this Agreement (the Effectiveness Deadline) or
the Company is in violation of its obligations under the previous two sentences of this Agreement, it will be deemed an Event of Default
under the Secured Note and the Note. In addition, the Company shall be obligated to make payments to Bigger Capital, as liquidated
damages and not as a penalty, in an amount equal to 2% of the amount then currently outstanding under the Secured Note and the Note (including,
without limitation, all principal, interest and other payments due thereon) for each 30-day period following the Effectiveness Deadline,
and such payments shall be made to Bigger Capital in cash not later than two (2) Trading Days after the end of each 30-day period.

4 

6.
Dismissal of the Action With Prejudice. No later than two (2) business days following delivery of the Settlement Consideration,
Bigger Capital shall execute a stipulation dismissing the Action with prejudice in the form attached hereto as Exhibit F
(the Dismissal Stipulation). The Action shall be stayed between the execution of this Agreement and the effective
date of the Registration Statement.

7.
Release of SHOT by Bigger Capital. Effective upon delivery of the Settlement Consideration, Bigger Capital, on behalf of itself,
its members, managers, affiliates, agents, subsidiaries, investors, partners, directors, employees, attorneys, representatives, predecessors,
successors and assigns, and the executors, administrators, associates, and related or affiliated persons or entities of each of the foregoing
(collectively, the Bigger Capital Releasors), being legally competent to contract, automatically, irrevocably, and
fully and forever release and discharge SHOT and its respective members, managers, affiliates, agents, subsidiaries, investors, partners,
directors, employees, attorneys, representatives, predecessors, successors and assigns, and the executors, administrators, associates,
and related or affiliated persons or entities of each of the foregoing (collectively, the Released Defendants) from
any and all manner of actions, obligations, suits, proceedings, matters, disputes, claims or causes of action, harm, damages or injuries
whatsoever (including without limitation arising out of a breach of any duty, law, or rule) known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected,
contingent or non-contingent, alleged or not alleged, which now exist, heretofore have existed or come into existence in the future,
upon any theory of law or equity, whenever or however arising (whether contractual, common law, statutory, federal, state, local, or
otherwise, including but not limited to any claims for compensatory or punitive damages, or for attorneys fees, costs or disbursements
of any kind), relating to or arising out of Bigger Capitals purchase, sale, or trading in SHOT securities, and/or the allegations
in the Action from the beginning of time through the date of this Agreement (collectively, the Released Claims).
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Released Claims shall not include any suit, action, or proceeding to enforce the
terms of this Agreement.

5 

8.
Release of Bigger Capital by SHOT. Upon execution of this Agreement, SHOT on its behalf and on behalf of its members, managers,
affiliates, agents, subsidiaries, investors, partners, directors, employees, attorneys, representatives, predecessors, successors and
assigns, and the executors, administrators, associates, and related or affiliated persons or entities of each of the foregoing (collectively,
the Defendant Releasors), being legally competent to contract, automatically, irrevocably, and fully and forever
release and discharge Bigger Capital and its respective members, managers, affiliates, agents, employees, subsidiaries, investors, partners,
directors, attorneys, representatives, predecessors, successors and assigns, and the executors, administrators, associates, and related
or affiliated persons or entities of each of the foregoing (collectively, the Bigger Capital Released Parties) from
any and all manner of actions, obligations, suits, proceedings, matters, disputes, claims or causes of action, harm, damages or injuries
whatsoever (including without limitation arising out of a breach of any duty, law, or rule), known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected,
contingent or non-contingent, which now exist, heretofore have existed or come into existence in the future, upon any theory of law or
equity, whenever or however arising (whether contractual, common law, statutory, federal, state, local, or otherwise, including but not
limited to any claims for compensatory or punitive damages, or for attorneys fees, costs or disbursements of any kind), relating
to or arising out of the Released Claims. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Released Claims shall not include any
suit, action, or proceeding to enforce the terms of this Agreement.

6 

9.
Confidentiality. The Parties agree that the terms and conditions of this Agreement are not confidential and they may disclose
the terms to any third parties. The Company shall make timely public disclosure of the material terms of this Agreement on SEC Form 8-K.

10.
Termination. Bigger Capital may terminate this agreement, in its sole discretion, upon the occurrence of any of the following
prior to the delivery of the Settlement Consideration after two business days written notice of its default: (a) SHOT does not timely
deliver the Settlement Consideration; (b) shares of SHOT cease to trade on the Nasdaq CM; (c) the closing price of SHOT is
less than 0.20 for three consecutive trading days; (d) SHOT is in breach of Section 3 of this Agreement; or (e) SHOT announces
that it has filed, or is planning to file, for protection under the federal bankruptcy laws. Any termination shall be on written notice
to SHOT. In the event of termination, Bigger Capital shall return any securities that it holds and may proceed with the Action.

11.
Binding Effect. This Agreement binds and inures to the benefit of the Parties and their respective past and present agents, employees,
family members (including current and former spouses), assigns, attorneys, representatives, officers, directors, shareholders, successors,
assigns, transferees, insurers and sureties, and all of their subsidiaries, parents, predecessors, successors and affiliated companies.

12.
No Admission. It is understood and agreed that this Agreement is a compromise and settlement of the claims released herein, and
it shall not be construed as an admission, concession, or indication of the validity of any claim, defense, liability, obligation, or
wrongdoing.

7 

13.
Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire agreement among the Parties and shall not be modified in any way except in
writing executed by the Party to be bound thereby. No statements, promises, or inducements by any of the signatories or any agent of
any of the signatories shall be valid or binding unless they are contained in this Agreement. This Agreement supersedes and replaces
any and all alleged or actual prior agreements or understandings. Any antecedent or contemporaneous extrinsic representations and warranties
made in the negotiation or preparation of the Agreement are intended to be merged into this Agreement and are of no further force or
effect. SHOT acknowledges and agrees that Bigger Capital retains all of its rights with respect to the warrants of SHOT that Bigger Capital
now holds, exercisable at $0.93 per share, which were not at issue in the Action, and which appear in the Registration Statement filed
by SHOT on November 22, 2023.

14.
Construction. The language of all parts of this Agreement shall in all cases be construed as a whole, according to their fair
meaning, and not strictly for or against any of the Parties. This Agreement was prepared jointly by the Parties, and no presumptions
or rules of interpretation based upon the identity of the Party preparing or drafting the Agreement, or any part thereof, shall be applicable
or invoked.

15.
Governing Law. This Agreement shall be considered to have been negotiated, executed and delivered, and to be wholly performed
in the State of New York, and the rights and obligations of the Parties to the Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance
with, and governed by, the internal, substantive laws of the State of New York without giving effect to that States choice of
law principles. Bigger Capital and SHOT agree that the exclusive jurisdiction for any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to
this Agreement shall be the Supreme Court of New York, New York County and Bigger Capital and SHOT hereby waive any challenge to personal
jurisdiction or venue in that court. They also waive trial by jury in any proceeding relating to this Agreement. In the event any proceeding
to enforce this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys fees.

8 

16.
Authority to Bind. To the extent any person or entity executes this Agreement in a representative capacity for either Party, he
or she hereby represents and warrants that he or she is authorized to enter into this Agreement on behalf of that Party, that all necessary
authorizations or other resolutions have been passed or obtained, and that this Agreement shall be a legal, valid, and binding obligation
on that Party.

17.
Notices. As to Bigger Capital and SHOT only, any notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be
given under the terms of this Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed to have been delivered: (i) upon receipt, when delivered
personally; (ii) upon delivery, when sent by electronic mail (provided that the sending party does not receive an automated rejection
notice); or (iii) one Business Day after deposit with an overnight courier service, in each case properly addressed to the party to receive
the same provided a copy is also sent by electronic mail. The addresses and e-mail addresses for such communications shall be:

If to Bigger Capital:

Bigger Capital LLC 

11700 West
Charleston Blvd. #170-659 

Las Vegas,
NV 89135 

Attention:
Michael Bigger 

Email: michael@biggercapital.com

With a copy (for informational
purposes only) to:

Kenneth Schlesinger

Olshan Frome Wolosky LLP

1325 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10019

Telephone: (212) 451-2300

Email: kschlesinger@olshanlaw.com

9 

If to SHOT:

Safety Shot, Inc.

1061 E. Indiantown Road, Suite 110

Jupiter, Florida 33477

Attention: Jarrett Boon

Telephone: (561) 325-0482

Email: jboon@drinksafetyshot.com

With a copy (for informational
purposes only) to:

Scott P. Barlow, Esq.

The Law Officer of Scott P. Barlow

3114 S. Ocean Blvd., Suite 806

Highland Beach, FL 33487

Telephone: 818.554.9239

Email: scott@barlowlegal.net

18.
Severability. If any provision or provisions contained in this Agreement shall contravene or be invalid under any applicable law,
such contravention or invalidity shall not invalidate the whole Agreement, but the Agreement shall be construed as not containing the
particular provision or provisions held to be invalid, and the rights and obligations of the Parties shall be construed and enforced
accordingly.

19.
Headings. The section headings contained in each section of this Agreement are intended solely for convenience of reference and
shall not limit or expand the express terms of this Agreement or otherwise be used in its construction.

20.
Counterpart Signature Pages. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts with facsimile, scanned or DocuSign signatures
being deemed original, any of which need not contain the signatures of all Parties but all signed counterparts taken together will constitute
one and the same agreement.

21.
Further Assurances. In connection with this Agreement and all transactions contemplated by this Agreement, each signatory party
hereto agrees to execute and deliver such additional documents and instruments and to perform such additional acts as may be necessary
or appropriate to effectuate, carry out and perform all of the terms, provisions and conditions of this Agreement and all such transactions.

10 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed by themselves or their duly authorized representatives as of January
20, 2025.

Bigger
Capital LLC

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Safety
Shot, Inc.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

11 

EXHIBIT A

Secured Note

(Attached)

EXHIBIT B

Note

(Attached)

EXHIBIT C

Exchange Warrant

(Attached)

EXHIBIT D

Form of SAFE

(Attached)

EXHIBIT E

Form of Replacement Note

(Attached)

EXHIBIT F

Dismissal Stipulation

(Attached)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES INTO
WHICH THIS SECURITY IS CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY
STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT),
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT
TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION
WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

SECURED CONVERTIBLE NOTE

U.S. $1,750,000.00 Issue Date: January 20, 2025

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, Safety
Shot, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), hereby promises to pay to Bigger Capital LLC, or its successors
and assigns (the Holder), a principal sum of One Million Seven Hundred Fifty Thousand and 00/100 Dollars (U.S. $1,750,000.00),
subject to the terms and conditions hereof. The aggregate principal amount outstanding under this Secured Convertible Note (this Note)
will be conclusively evidenced by the schedule annexed as Exhibit C hereto (the Loan Schedule), up to a maximum
principal amount of U.S. $1,750,000.00. The entire principal amount hereunder shall be due and payable in full on December 31, 2026 (the
Maturity Date), or such earlier date as this Note is required or permitted to be repaid as provided hereunder. All
payments due hereunder (to the extent not converted into Conversion Shares (as defined below) in accordance with the terms hereof) shall
be made in lawful money of the United States of America in accordance with such instructions as the Holder shall provide to the Company
by written notice made in accordance with the provisions of this Note.

1. Interest; Payments.
Interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal amount of this Note at the rate of nine percent (9%) per annum from January 20, 2025 (the
Issue Date) until the earlier to occur of (i) the date such unpaid principal amount is paid in full, or (ii) the
date such unpaid principal amount is converted into shares of the Companys Common Stock (Conversion Shares),
in accordance with the terms hereof, and shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year for the actual number of days elapsed. Interest
accruing hereunder shall be paid either in cash or in Conversion Shares, as determined by the Holder in its sole discretion (provided
that all accrued interest shall be paid in cash unless the Holder elects to receive any accrued interest in the form of Conversion Shares
pursuant to a Conversion Notice delivered by the Holder pursuant to Section 2), in accordance with the following schedule:

(a) Interest accrued during
the period beginning on and including the Issue Date through and including March 31, 2026 shall be due and payable on April 1, 2026;

(b) Interest accrued during
the period beginning on and including April 1, 2026 and thereafter shall be due and payable quarterly, in arrears, on the first day of
each calendar quarter beginning on and including June 1, 2026, for interest accrued through the last day of the prior calendar quarter;
and

(c) The entire outstanding principal
amount of this Note shall be due and payable in full (i) on the Maturity Date, together with any outstanding interest accrued as of the
Maturity Date or (ii) on such earlier date as the principal amount under this Note becomes due and payable or is converted in accordance
with the terms hereof, together with any outstanding interest accrued as of such earlier date.

Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary set forth herein, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default (as defined below), interest shall
accrue on the unpaid principal amount this Note at a rate equal to the lesser of fifteen percent (15%) per annum and the maximum rate
permitted by applicable law, which shall accrue daily from the date of the occurrence and during the continuance of such Event of Default
hereunder through and including the date of actual payment in full.

2. Conversion.

(a) Voluntary Conversion.
Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Holder, at its sole option, may deliver to the Company a notice in the form attached hereto
as Exhibit A (a Conversion Notice) and an updated Loan Schedule, at any time and from time to time after the
date hereof and prior to the payment of the principal amount and all accrued interest thereon (the date of the delivery of a Conversion
Notice, a Conversion Date), to convert all or any portion of the outstanding principal amount of this Note plus accrued
and unpaid interest thereon, for a number of Conversion Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing the dollar amount of such outstanding
principal amount of this Note plus the accrued and unpaid interest thereon being converted by the Conversion Price as of the applicable
Conversion Date. Conversions hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding principal amount of this Note plus all accrued
and unpaid interest thereunder in an amount equal to the applicable conversion, which shall be evidenced by entries set forth in the Conversion
Notice and the Loan Schedule.

(b) Conversion Price.
The Conversion Price shall be the lesser of (i) $0.5435 per share, and (ii) the Nasdaq Official Closing Price of
the Common Stock (as reflected on Nasdaq.com) immediately preceding the date Stockholder Approval is obtained, subject to adjustment as
provided herein.

3. Mechanics of Conversion.

(a) Delivery of Conversion
Shares upon Conversion. Within the earlier of (x) two (2) Trading Days and (y) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard
Settlement Period (as defined below), following any Conversion Date (the Delivery Date), the Company will (i) cause
the applicable Conversion Shares to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders
or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC)
if the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance
of the Conversion Shares to or resale of the Conversion Shares by the Holder or (B) the Conversion Shares are eligible for resale by the
Holder pursuant to Rule 144, and otherwise deliver to the Holder a certificate or certificates representing the number of Conversion Shares
to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to the applicable Conversion Notice (subject to the limitations set forth in Section 4
hereof), and (ii) deliver to the Holder an endorsement by the Company of the Loan Schedule acknowledging the remaining outstanding principal
amount of this Note plus all accrued and unpaid interest thereon not converted (an Endorsement). The Companys
delivery to the Holder of stock certificates or the Transfer Agents crediting the Holders balance account through DWAC in
accordance with clause (i) above shall be Companys conclusive endorsement of the remaining outstanding principal amount of this
Note plus all accrued and unpaid interest thereon not converted as set forth in the Loan Schedule. If the Company fails for any reason
to deliver or to cause the Transfer Agent to deliver to the Holder the Conversion Shares subject to a Conversion Notice by the applicable
Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Conversion
Shares subject to such conversion (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Conversion Notice), $20 per Trading
Day (increasing to $40 per Trading Day on the second (2nd) Trading Day after the Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after
such Delivery Date until such Conversion Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such conversion. The Company agrees to maintain a Transfer
Agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Note remains outstanding. As used herein, Standard Settlement
Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading
Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Conversion Notice.

2 

(b) Legends. Assuming
(i) the Holder is not an Affiliate of the Company, and (ii) all of the applicable conditions of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities
Act with respect to Holder and the Conversion Shares are met, the Company will cause the removal of any restrictive legend from the Conversion
Shares (including by delivering an opinion of Companys counsel to the Transfer Agent at its own expense to ensure the foregoing),
and the Company agrees that the Holder is under no obligation to sell the Conversion Shares issuable upon the conversion of the Note prior
to removing the legend. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 3(b).

(c) Rescission Rights.
If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Conversion Shares pursuant to Section 3(a) by the
applicable Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such Conversion Notice.

(d) Compensation for Buy-In
on Failure to Timely Deliver Conversion Shares upon Conversion. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company
fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Conversion Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 3(a)
above pursuant to a conversion on or before the applicable Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker
to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock
to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Conversion Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such conversion
(a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders
total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained
by multiplying (1) the number of Conversion Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the conversion
at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the
Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Note and equivalent number of Conversion Shares for which such conversion was not honored
(in which case such conversion shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have
been issued had the Company timely complied with its conversion and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases
Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted conversion of the Note with an aggregate
sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall
be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder
in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders
right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific
performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon conversion
of this Note as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

(e) No Fractional Shares
or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of this Note. As to any
fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such conversion, the Company shall, at its election,
either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Conversion Price
or round up to the next whole share.

(f) Charges, Taxes and Expenses.
Issuance of Conversion Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental expense in
respect of the issuance of such Conversion Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Conversion Shares
shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however, that, in the event
that Conversion Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Note when surrendered for conversion shall be
accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto as Exhibit B duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition
thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent
fees required for same-day processing of any Conversion Notice and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing
corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Conversion Shares.

3 

(g) Closing of Books.
The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely conversion of this Note, pursuant
to the terms hereof.

4. Certain Conversion Limitations.

(a) The Company shall not effect
any conversion of this Note, and the Holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of this Note, pursuant to Section 2
or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after conversion as set forth on the applicable Conversion Notice,
the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the
Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned
by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of
this Note with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be
issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining portion of this Note beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution
Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without
limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained
herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence,
for purposes of this Section 4(a), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the
Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules
required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 4(a) applies, the determination
of whether this Note is convertible (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution
Parties) and of which portion of this Note is convertible shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Conversion
Notice shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Note is convertible (in relation to other securities owned
by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Note is convertible, in each case subject
to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination.
In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 4(a), in determining the number
of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys
most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company
or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding.
Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one (1) Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder
the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined
after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Note, by the Holder or its Affiliates or
Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial
Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to
the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or
decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 4(a), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares
of Common Stock upon conversion of this Note held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 4(a) shall continue to apply.
Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company.
The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of
this Section 4(a) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial
Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation.
The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Note.

4 

(b) Resale Eligibility.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, the Holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of this Note until
the earlier of (i) the date that a registration statement permitting the resale of the Conversion Shares by the Holder is declared effective
by the Commission and (ii) the date the Conversion Shares become eligible for resale by the Holder pursuant to Rule 144.

(c) Principal Market Regulation;
Stockholder Approval.

(i) Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary set forth herein, the Company shall not effect any conversion of this Note, and the Holder shall not have the right to
convert any portion of this Note, unless and until the Company has obtained Stockholder Approval. The Company hereby represents and warrants
to the Holder that the execution and delivery of this Note by the Company and the performance of its obligations hereunder, do not and
will not, conflict with the listing rules of any Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed.

(ii) The Company covenants
and agrees to hold a special meeting of shareholders at the earliest practical date after the Issue Date but in no event later than one
hundred (100) days after the Issue Date for the purpose of obtaining Stockholder Approval, with the recommendation of the Companys
Board of Directors that such proposal be approved, and the Company shall solicit proxies from its shareholders in connection therewith
in the same manner as all other management proposals in such proxy statement and all management-appointed proxyholders shall vote their
proxies in favor of such proposal. The Company shall use its best efforts to obtain such Stockholder Approval. If the Company does not
obtain Stockholder Approval at the first meeting, the Company shall call a meeting every four months thereafter to seek Stockholder Approval
until the date Stockholder Approval is obtained.

5. Certain Adjustments.

(a) Stock Dividends and Stock
Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Note is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or
distributions payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock or any Common Stock Equivalents (which, for avoidance of doubt,
shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon conversion of this Notes), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares
of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common
Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues, in the event of a reclassification of shares of the Common Stock, any shares of
capital stock of the Company, then the Conversion Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of
shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Company) outstanding immediately before such event, and of which the denominator
shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section shall
become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution
and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination, or re-classification.

5 

(b) Reserved.

(c) Subsequent Rights Offerings. In
addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 5(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock
Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares
of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to
such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of
Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Note (without regard to any limitations on conversion hereof, including without
limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale
of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined
for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in
any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled
to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase
Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its
right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

(d) Pro Rata Distributions.
During such time as this Note is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or
rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation,
any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement,
scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Note,
then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have
participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Note (without
regard to any limitations on conversion hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before
the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of
shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, to the extent that the
Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares
of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the
benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation).

6 

(e) Fundamental Transactions.
If, at any time while this Note is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any
merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease,
license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related
transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person)
is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash
or property and has been accepted by the holders of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding Common Stock, (iv) the Company, directly
or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock
or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash
or property, (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement
or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with
another Person whereby such other Person acquires more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including
any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons
making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction),
then, upon any subsequent conversion of this Note, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Conversion Share that would have
been issuable upon such conversion immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitations
on conversion hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation), the number of shares of Common Stock of the
successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate
Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for
which this Note is convertible immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitations on conversion hereof,
including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). For purposes of any such conversion, the determination of the Conversion
Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable
in respect of one (1) share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Conversion Price among
the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration.
If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash, or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then
the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any conversion of this Note following such
Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor
(the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Note and any document
ancillary hereto, in accordance with the provisions of this Section 5(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at
the option of the holder of this Note, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Note a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by
a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Note which is convertible for a corresponding number of shares
of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon
conversion of this Note (without regard to any limitations on conversion hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with a conversion price which applies the conversion price hereunder to such shares
of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and
the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such conversion price being for the purpose of protecting
the economic value of this Note immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory
in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and
be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Note and the other Transaction
Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power
of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Note and the other Transaction Documents with the same
effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.

(f) Calculations. All
calculations under this Section 5 shall be made to the nearest cent or to the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be.

7 

(g) Notice to Holder.

(i) Whenever the Conversion
Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 5, the Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice
setting forth the Conversion Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of Conversion Shares and setting forth
a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

(ii) If (A) the Company shall
declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring
cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock
of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any
stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger
to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share
exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary
or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be
filed at each office or agency maintained for the purpose of conversion of this Note, and shall cause to be delivered to the Holder at
its last address as it shall appear upon this Note Register, at least twenty (20) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective
date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution,
redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be
entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected
that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other
property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange, provided that the failure to
deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to
be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.
The Holder shall remain entitled to convert this Note during the 20-day period commencing on the date of such notice through the effective
date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

6. Authorized Shares.
The Company covenants that, during the period the Note is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a
sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Conversion Shares upon any conversion of this Note. The Company further
covenants that its issuance of this Note shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the
necessary Conversion Shares upon any conversion of this Note. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to
assure that such Conversion Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements
of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Conversion Shares which may be issued
upon any conversion this Note will, upon any conversion of this Note in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully
paid and nonassessable (which means that no further sums are required to be paid by the holders thereof in connection with the issue thereof)
and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any
transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

8 

Except and to the extent as
waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate of
incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any
other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Note, but will at all times in
good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect
the rights of Holder as set forth in this Note against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will
(i) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable
Conversion Shares upon the conversion of this Note and (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions
or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations
under this Note.

Before taking any action that
would result in an adjustment in the number of Conversion Shares into which this Note is convertible or in the Conversion Price, the Company
shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or
bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

7. Voluntary Prepayment.
The Company shall have the right to prepay this Note at any time during the period beginning on the Issue Date through and including July
18, 2025 in whole or in part (Optional Redemption), by paying to the Holder a sum of money equal to one hundred percent
(100%) of the principal amount to be redeemed, together with accrued but unpaid interest thereon and any and all other sums due, accrued
or payable to the Holder arising under this Note or any Transaction Document through the Redemption Payment Date as defined below (the
Redemption Amount); provided, notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, the Company shall
not be permitted to effect an Optional Redemption hereof until such time as the Company has paid in full all of its outstanding obligations
under the Unsecured Note in cash, and, for the avoidance of doubt, in the event that the Company elects to satisfy its obligations under
the Unsecured Note via an Alternative Payment Method (as defined in the Unsecured Note), the Company shall not be permitted to effect
an Optional Redemption absent the prior written consent of the Holder to be granted in its sole and absolute discretion. The Companys
election to exercise its right to prepay must be by notice in writing (Notice of Redemption). The Notice of Redemption
shall specify the date for such Optional Redemption (the Redemption Payment Date), which date shall be ten (10) Trading
Days after the date of the Notice of Redemption (the Redemption Period). A Notice of Redemption shall not be effective
with respect to any portion of the Principal Amount for which the Holder has a pending election to convert, or for conversions initiated
or made by the Holder during the Redemption Period. On the Redemption Payment Date, the Redemption Amount, less any portion of the Redemption
Amount against which the Holder has exercised its conversion rights, shall be paid in good funds to the Holder. If the Company fails to
pay the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Payment Date as set forth herein, then such Notice of Redemption will be null and void.

8. Negative Covenants.
Without the prior written consent of the Holder, the Company shall not and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to:

(a) create, incur, assume or
in any manner become liable in respect of, or suffer to exist, any indebtedness other than Permitted Indebtedness;

(b) pay any principal or other
amount on any indebtedness for borrowed money that is contractually subordinated to this Note pursuant to any subordination agreement
or intercreditor agreement to which the Company is a party in violation of such subordination or intercreditor agreement, as applicable;

(c) create, incur, assume or
suffer to exist any security interest, lien, mortgage, pledge, charge, or other encumbrance of any nature whatsoever, on any of the Collateral
whether now or hereafter owned, other than (i) the security interests and liens in favor of the Holder granted pursuant to this Note and
(ii) Permitted Liens; or

(d) sell, transfer, pledge,
hypothecate, liquidate or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the equity securities of the Maker, in one or more transactions,
or enter into any agreement to do so.

9 

9. Events of Default.

(a) The occurrence of any one
of the following events for any reason whatsoever (and whether such occurrence shall be voluntary or involuntary, or effected by operation
of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court, or any order, rule, or regulation of any administrative or governmental
body) shall constitute an Event of Default:

(i) any default in
the payment of the principal or interest on or other payments owing in respect of this Note as and when the same shall become due and
payable (whether on a Conversion Date, the Maturity Date, by acceleration or otherwise);

(ii) the Company fails
for any reason to deliver or to cause the Transfer Agent to deliver to the Holder the Conversion Shares subject to a Conversion Notice
by the applicable Delivery Date in accordance with Section 3(a), and such failure shall not have been remedied within three (3)
Trading Days after the date on which notice of such failure shall have been given;

(iii) (x) a registration
statement permitting the resale by the Holder of not less than 150% of the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock initially issuable
hereunder and under the Unsecured Note (the Registration Statement) shall not have been declared effective by the
Commission by April 5, 2025 or (y) upon receiving notification from the Commission that either the Registration Statement
has received a no review from the Commission or that the Commission has no additional comments to the Registration Statement,
the Company shall fail to all action necessary to ensure that the Registration Statement has been declared effective within two Business
Days of either such notification;

(iv) the Company shall
fail to observe or perform any other covenant, agreement or warranty contained in, or otherwise commit any breach of this Note, the Settlement
Agreement or any other Transaction Document, and such failure or breach shall not, if subject to the possibility of a cure by the Company,
have been remedied within ten (10) Trading Days after the date on which notice of such failure or breach shall have been given;

(v) the Company or
any Subsidiary shall default in any of its obligations under any mortgage, credit agreement or other facility, indenture agreement, factoring
agreement or other instrument under which there may be issued, or by which there may be secured or evidenced any indebtedness for borrowed
money or money due under any long term leasing or factoring arrangement of the Company in an amount exceeding $150,000, whether such indebtedness
now exists or shall hereafter be created and such default shall result in such indebtedness becoming or being declared due and payable
prior to the date on which it would otherwise become due and payable;

(vi) the Common Stock
shall not be eligible for quotation on or quoted for trading on a Trading Market and shall not again be eligible for and quoted or listed
for trading thereon within ten (10) Trading Days;

(vii) a Commission
or judicial stop trade order or trading suspension by the primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock that lasts for five
(5) or more consecutive Trading Days; or

10 

(viii) the Company
shall commence or there shall be commenced against the Company a case under any applicable bankruptcy or insolvency laws as now or hereafter
in effect or any successor thereto, or the Company commences any other proceeding under any reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of
debt, relief of debtors, dissolution, insolvency or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction whether now or hereafter in effect
relating to the Company or any Subsidiary thereof or there is commenced against the Company or any Subsidiary thereof any such bankruptcy,
insolvency or other proceeding which remains undismissed for a period of sixty (60) days; or the Company or any Subsidiary thereof is
adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt; or any order of relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding is entered; or the Company
or any Subsidiary thereof suffers any appointment of any custodian or the like for it or any substantial part of its property which continues
undischarged or unstayed for a period of sixty (60) days; or the Company or any Subsidiary thereof shall by any act or failure to act
indicate its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any of the foregoing; or any corporate or other action is taken by the Company
or any Subsidiary thereof for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing.

(b) Remedies Upon Event of
Default. Subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation as set forth in Section 4, if any Event of Default occurs, then the
outstanding Principal Amount of this Note, liquidated damages and other amounts owing in respect thereof through the date of acceleration,
shall become, at the Holders election by written notice to the Company, immediately due and payable, at the Holders option,
either (i) in cash in the amount of the Mandatory Default Amount or (ii) by delivery to the Holder of a number of shares of Common Stock
equal to the Mandatory Default Amount divided by the lesser of (x) the Conversion Price as of the date the Mandatory Default Amount is
demanded or otherwise due and (y) the Conversion Price as of the date such shares are delivered to the Holder. Upon the payment in full
of the Mandatory Default Amount in cash or in shares of Common Stock, the Holder shall promptly surrender this Note to or as directed
by the Company. In connection with such acceleration described herein, the Holder need not provide, and the Company hereby waives, any
presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind (other than the Holders election to declare such acceleration), and the
Holder may immediately and without expiration of any grace period enforce any and all of its rights and remedies hereunder and all other
remedies available to it under applicable law. Such acceleration may be rescinded and annulled by Holder at any time prior to payment
hereunder and the Holder shall have all rights as a holder of this Note until such time, if any, as the Holder receives full payment pursuant
to this Section 8(b). No such rescission or annulment shall affect any subsequent Event of Default or impair any right consequent
thereon.

10. Remedies. The Holder,
in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific performance
of its rights under this Note. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason
of a breach by it of the provisions of this Note and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any action for specific performance
that a remedy at law would be adequate.

11. No Waiver of Holders
Rights, etc. All payments of principal and interest shall be made without setoff, deduction, or counterclaim. No delay or failure
on the part of the Holder in exercising any of its options, powers, or rights, nor any partial or single exercise of its options, powers
or rights shall constitute a waiver thereof or of any other option, power or right, and no waiver on the part of the Holder of any of
its options, powers or rights shall constitute a waiver of any other option, power or right. The Company hereby waives presentment of
payment, protest, and notices or demands in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default or endorsement of this Note.
Acceptance by the Holder of less than the full amount due and payable hereunder shall in no way limit the right of the Holder to require
full payment of all sums due and payable hereunder in accordance with the terms hereof.

11 

12. Costs and Expenses.
If the Holder shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Note, and provided the Holder prevails in
such action, suit or proceeding, the Company shall pay (and shall indemnify and hold harmless the Holder from and against), all reasonable
attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Holder in connection with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action,
suit or proceeding.

13. Cumulative Rights and
Remedies; Usury. The rights and remedies of the Holder expressed herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights and remedies
otherwise available. If it shall be found that any interest outstanding hereunder shall violate applicable laws governing usury, the applicable
rate of interest outstanding hereunder shall be reduced to the maximum permitted rate of interest under such law.

14. Partial Invalidity.
In the case any provision of this Note is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be excessive in scope or otherwise invalid or unenforceable,
such provision shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, so that its enforceable to the maximum extent possible, and the validity
and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Note will not in any way be affected impaired thereby.

15. Amendment; Waiver.
No term or provision contained herein may be modified, amended or waived except by written agreement or consent signed by the Company
and the Holder.

16. Successors and Assigns.
This Note shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and shall inure to the benefit of the Holder and its successors and assigns.
The term Holder as used herein, shall also include any endorsee, assignee or other holder of this Note.

17. Lost or Stolen Note.
If this Note is lost, stolen, mutilated or otherwise destroyed, the Company shall execute and deliver to the Holder a new promissory note
containing the same terms, and in the same form, as this Note. In such event, the Company may require the Holder to deliver to the Company
an affidavit of lost instrument and customary indemnity in respect thereof as a condition to the delivery of any such new promissory note.

18. Saturdays, Sundays,
Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein
shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

19. Notices. Any and
all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holder hereunder including, without limitation, any Conversion
Notice, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed
to the Company, at 1061 E. Indiantown Rd., Ste. 110, Jupiter, FL 33477, Attention: Jarrett Boon, Chief Executive officer, email address:
jboon@drinksafetyshot.com, or such other email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holder.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally,
by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to the Holder, at 11700 West Charleston Blvd. #170-659,
Las Vegas, NV 89135, Attention: Michael Bigger, email address: michael@biggercapital.com, or such other email address or address of the
Holder as the Holder may specify for such purposes by notice to the Company. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder
shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via
e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading
Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section
on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day
following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party
to whom such notice is required to be given. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public
information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant
to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

12 

20. Governing Law.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Note shall be governed by and construed and
enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof.
Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated
by this Note (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members,
employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby
irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan
for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein,
and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject
to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding.
Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding
by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address
in effect for notices to it under this Note and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice
thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this paragraph shall limit or restrict the federal district court in which a Holder may bring
a claim under the federal securities laws.

21. Waiver of Jury Trial.
EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY CLAIM,
DEMAND, ACTION, CAUSE OF ACTION OR PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS NOTE OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
HEREUNDER, IN EACH CASE WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING, AND IRRESPECTIVE OF WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE.

22. Security Interest;
Collateral Matters.

(a) To secure payment and performance
of all obligations under this Note, the Company hereby grants to Holder a continuing first priority security interest in, a lien upon,
and a right of set off against, and hereby collaterally assigns to Holder as security, all of the Companys present and after-acquired,
personal property, including, but not limited to, all accounts, deposit accounts, chattel paper, instruments, documents, securities, contract
rights, rights to payment of money, receivables, equipment, goods, inventory, investment property, goodwill, general intangibles, intellectual
property, patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications, trade names, Internet domain names, service marks, trade secrets,
know-how, technology, software, hardware, commercial tort claims, furniture, fixtures, warranties and guarantees, and including any products,
proceeds, (including insurance proceeds) or income derived therefrom, whether by disposition or otherwise (together with all other collateral
security for the obligations hereunder at any time granted to or held or acquired by the Holder, collectively, the Collateral).

(b) The Company acknowledges
and agrees that the Holder shall file Uniform Commercial Code financing statements with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
for the Collateral in order to perfect the security interests granted herein. Such financing statements may describe the Collateral as
all assets of the Debtor or words of similar effect. The Company represents, warrants and agrees that upon the filing of
financing statements relating to the Collateral with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, the Holder will have a valid and
perfected first priority security interest in the Collateral (to the extent a security interest therein may be perfected by the filing
of a financing statement). The Company agrees to take such actions and to execute any instruments, agreements or other documents as Holder
may request in order to create, preserve, perfect or validate Holders security interest in the Collateral, or to enable Holder
to exercise or enforce its rights under this Note with respect to the Collateral.

13 

(c) Upon the occurrence and
continuance of an Event of Default, and to the extent permitted by the New York Uniform Commercial Code (UCC) and
other applicable law:

(i) Holder shall have
and may exercise with reference to the Collateral and the obligations of Holder hereunder any or all of the rights and remedies of a Holder
under the UCC, and as otherwise granted herein or under any other applicable law or any other agreement now or hereafter in effect executed
by the Company, including, without limitation, the right and power to sell, at public or private sale or sales, or otherwise dispose of,
or otherwise utilize the Collateral and any part or parts thereof in any manner authorized or permitted under the UCC or any other applicable
law after default by a debtor, and to apply the proceeds in accordance with Section 22(d) hereof. Without limiting the foregoing,
Holder shall have the right to take possession of all or any part of the Collateral and of all books, records, papers and documents of
the Company or in the Companys possession or control relating to the Collateral which are not already in Holders possession.
In addition, if permitted by applicable law, Holder will be entitled to appoint any Person as receiver or receiver and manager (a Receiver)
of all or any part of the Collateral in which the Company has an interest, and any Receiver so appointed will have all the rights and
remedies of Holder (except the right to appoint a Receiver). To the extent permitted by law, the Debtors expressly waive any notice of
sale or other disposition of the Collateral and all other rights or remedies of the Debtors or formalities prescribed by law relative
to sale or disposition of the Collateral or exercise of any other right or remedy of Holder existing after default hereunder; and to the
extent any such notice is required and cannot be waived, the Debtors agree that if such notice is given in the manner provided in Section
19 hereof at least five (5) days before the time of the sale or disposition, such notice shall be deemed reasonable and shall fully
satisfy any requirement for giving of said notice. Holder shall not be obligated to make any sale of Collateral regardless of notice of
sale having been given. Holder may adjourn any public or private sale.

(ii) Upon notice by
Holder to the Company, the Holder or its nominee or nominees shall have the sole and exclusive right to exercise all voting and consensual
powers pertaining to the Collateral or any part thereof and may exercise such powers in such manner as Holder may elect.

(iii) All rights to
marshalling of assets of the Company, including any such right with respect to the Collateral are hereby waived by the Company.

(iv) All recitals
in any instrument of assignment or any other instrument executed by the Holder incident to sale, lease, transfer, assignment or other
disposition, lease or utilization of the Collateral or any part thereof under this Section 22 shall be full proof of the matters
stated therein and no other proof shall be requisite to establish full legal propriety of the sale or other action taken by the Holder
or of any fact, condition or thing incident thereto and all prerequisites of such sale or other action or of any fact, condition or thing
incident thereto shall be presumed conclusively to have been performed or to have occurred.

(d) In the event the Holder
sells or otherwise disposes of the Collateral in the course of exercising the remedies provided for in this Note, any amounts held, realized
or received by the Holder pursuant to the provisions hereof, including the proceeds of the sale of any of the Collateral or any part thereof,
shall be applied by the Holder first toward the payment of any costs and expenses incurred by Holder in enforcing this Note, in realizing
on or protecting any Collateral and in enforcing or collecting any obligations hereunder, including, without limitation, the actual attorneys
fees and expenses incurred by Holder, all of which costs and expenses the Company agrees to pay, and then to such other obligations in
such order as the Holder may elect. Any amounts and any Collateral remaining after such application and after payment to the Holder of
satisfaction of all of outstanding obligations hereunder in full shall be paid or delivered to the Company, its successor or assigns,
or as a court of competent jurisdiction may direct.

14 

23. Definitions. As
used herein, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board of Directors
means the board of directors of the Company.

Business Day
means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by
law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to
remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally
are open for use by customers on such day.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock
means the common stock of the Company, $0.001 par value per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter
be reclassified or changed.

Common Stock Equivalents
means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including,
without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Mandatory Default
Amount means the sum of (i) the greater of (A) 120% of the outstanding principal amount of the Note, and (B) the outstanding
principal amount of the Note, divided by the Conversion Price on (x) the date the Mandatory Default Amount is demanded or otherwise due
or (y) the date the Mandatory Default Amount is paid in full, whichever is less, multiplied by the VWAP of the Common Stock on
(x) the date the Mandatory Default Amount is demanded or otherwise due or (y) the date the Mandatory Default Amount is paid in full, whichever
is greater, and (ii) all other amounts, costs, expenses and liquidated damages due hereunder.

Note Register
shall mean the register maintained by the Company, which includes a list of the name and address of the Holder, as well as the outstanding
principal amount and interest amount owing to such Holder from time to time.

Permitted Indebtedness
means, (a) any indebtedness and obligations owing under this Note and the other Transaction Documents; (b) trade accounts payable incurred
in the ordinary course of business; (c) purchase money indebtedness incurred in connection with the acquisition of machinery and
equipment; (d) the present value of any lease payments not in excess of $100,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance
with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP);
and (e) indebtedness for borrowed money that is expressly subordinate and junior in right of payment to this Note pursuant to a written
subordination agreement between the Holder and the holders of such indebtedness that is acceptable to the Holder in its sole and absolute
discretion, and the holders of which are not granted any security interest.

15 

Permitted Liens
means (a) liens for taxes, fees, assessments, or other governmental charges or levies, either not delinquent or being contested in good
faith by appropriate proceedings (which proceedings have the effect of preventing the enforcement of such lien) for which adequate reserves
in accordance with GAAP are being maintained, provided, that the same have no priority over any of the Holders security
interests in the Collateral except as required pursuant to applicable law; (b) liens of materialmen, mechanics, carriers, or other similar
liens arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations which are not delinquent or are being contested in good faith
by appropriate proceedings (which proceedings have the effect of preventing the enforcement of such lien) for which adequate reserves
in accordance with GAAP are being maintained; (c) liens which constitute bankers liens, rights of set-off, or similar rights as
to deposit accounts or other funds maintained with a bank or other financial institution (but only to the extent such bankers liens,
rights of set-off or other rights are in respect of customary service charges relative to such deposit accounts and other funds, and not
in respect of any loans or other extensions of credit by such bank or other financial institution to the Company); (d) cash deposits or
pledges of an aggregate amount not to exceed $10,000 to secure the payment of workers compensation, unemployment insurance, or
other social security benefits or obligations, public or statutory obligations, surety or appeal bonds, bid or performance bonds, or other
obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business; and (e) liens incurred in connection with indebtedness permitted
to be incurred under clauses (c) and (d) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness, provided that such liens are not secured
by assets of the Company or its Subsidiaries other than the assets so acquired or leased.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Rule 144
means Rule 144 under the Securities Act.

Settlement Agreement
means that certain Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release dated as of January 20, 2025, by and between the Company and Bigger Capital
LLC.

Stockholder Approval
means such approval as may be required by the applicable rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Capital Market (or any successor entity)
from the stockholders of the Company with respect to the transactions contemplated under this Note and the other Transaction Documents,
including, without limitation, the issuance of all of the Conversion Shares issuable hereunder including in an amount that would, when
aggregated with (i) the number of shares issued upon any prior conversions of the Unsecured Note, and (ii) the number of shares issued
upon any prior exercises of the Exchange Warrant, exceed 19.99% of the issued and outstanding Common Stock on the Issue Date, at a price
less than the market value of the Common Stock on the Issue Date.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed
or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading Day
means a day on which the Common Stock is traded on a Trading Market.

16 

Trading Market
means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the
NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, OTCQB
or OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction Documents
means (i) this Note, (ii) the Settlement Agreement, (iii) that certain Convertible Note dated as of January 20, 2025 in the principal
amount of $3,500,000 issued by the Company to Bigger Capital LLC (the Unsecured Note), (iv) that certain Warrant
to Purchase Common Stock dated as of January 20, 2025 issued by the Company to Bigger Capital LLC (the Exchange Warrant),
and any other agreements, instruments or documents delivered in connection with the Settlement Agreement.

Transfer Agent
means ClearTrust, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 16540 Pointe Village Dr., Suite 210, Lutz,
FL 33558 and an email address of kara@cleartrusttransfer.com, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or a
similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of Common Stock so
reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected
in good faith by the Holder and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

********************

[Signature Page Follows]

17 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Secured Convertible Note to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first set forth above.

SAFETY
SHOT, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

18 

EXHIBIT A

NOTICE OF CONVERSION

The undersigned hereby elects
to convert the principal amount and interest indicated below of the attached Secured Convertible Note into shares of common stock, $0.001
par value (the Common Stock or Conversion Shares), of Safety Shot, Inc., according to the conditions
hereof, as of the date written below. No fee will be charged to the Holder for any conversion.

Date
to Effect Conversion: 

Principal
Amount and Interest of 

Secured Convertible
Note to be Converted: 

Applicable
Conversion Price: 

Number
of shares of Common Stock to be Issued: 

Please issue said Conversion
Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Conversion Shares shall be delivered to the
following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

Name
of Holder (Please Print) 

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Holder 

Name
of Authorized Signatory 

Title
of Authorized Signatory 

Date: 

-Exhibit A- 

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Note, execute this
form and supply required information. Do not use this form to convert the Note into Conversion Shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Note and all
rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to:

Name: 

(Please
Print)

Address: 

(Please
Print)

Phone
Number: 

Email
Address: 

Dated: 

Holders
Signature: 

Holders
Address: 

-Exhibit B- 

EXHIBIT C

LOAN SCHEDULE

Secured Convertible Note Issued by Safety Shot, Inc.

Dated: January 20, 2025

SCHEDULE

OF

CONVERSIONS AND PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL

Date
of Conversion Amount
of Conversion Total
Amount Due Subsequent To Conversion

-Exhibit C-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex10-3.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION
OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

CONVERTIBLE NOTE

U.S.
$3,500,000.00 Issue
Date: January 20, 2025

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, Safety Shot, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), hereby promises to pay to Bigger Capital
LLC, or its successors and assigns (the Holder), a principal sum of Three Million Five Hundred Thousand and 00/100
Dollars (U.S. $3,500,000.00), subject to the terms and conditions hereof. The aggregate principal amount outstanding under this Convertible
Note (this Note) will be conclusively evidenced by the schedule annexed as Exhibit C hereto (the Loan
Schedule), up to a maximum principal amount of U.S. $3,500,000.00.

1.Payment; Maturity Date. The entire principal amount hereunder, including any accrued and unpaid interest thereon shall
be due and payable in full on July 21, 2025 (the Maturity Date), or such earlier date as this Note is required or
permitted to be repaid as provided hereunder (the Companys Repayment Obligation); provided, notwithstanding
the foregoing, that the Company shall be entitled to satisfy its Repayment Obligation on the Maturity Date by any one of the following
three methods: (i) paying the Holder the full amount of outstanding principal amount of this Note, together with any accrued and unpaid
interest thereon, in cash on the Maturity Date; (ii) paying the Holder $2,000,000 in cash and issuing the Holder a SAFE in the principal
amount of $2,000,000 in the form annexed as Exhibit D to the Settlement Agreement (as defined in Section 22 below) on the Maturity
Date; or (iii) issuing the Holder a Convertible Note in the principal amount of $4,500,000 in the form annexed as Exhibit E to the Settlement
Agreement on the Maturity Date (the delivery by the Company of all items described in either one of the foregoing clauses (ii) or (iii),
respectively, shall be referred to herein as an Alternative Payment Method). All payments due hereunder (to the
extent not converted into Conversion Shares (as defined below) in accordance with the terms hereof) shall be made in lawful money of
the United States of America in accordance with such instructions as the Holder shall provide to the Company by written notice made in
accordance with the provisions of this Note.

2.Interest. Interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal amount of this Note at the rate of nine percent (9%) per annum
from January 20, 2025 (the Issue Date) until the earlier to occur of (i) the date such unpaid principal amount is
paid in full, (ii) the date such unpaid principal amount is converted into shares of the Companys Common Stock (Conversion
Shares), in accordance with the terms hereof, or (iii) the date the Company otherwise satisfies its Repayment Obligation in
respect of such outstanding principal amount via an Alternative Payment Method. Interest accruing hereunder shall be paid, either in
cash at the Maturity Date or on such earlier date as the principal amount under this Note becomes due and payable, or in Conversion Shares
on such date as any principal amount under this Note together with interest accrued thereon is converted in accordance with the terms
hereof, and shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year for the actual number of days elapsed. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
set forth herein, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default (as defined below), interest shall accrue on
the unpaid principal amount this Note at a rate equal to the lesser of fifteen percent (15%) per annum and the maximum rate permitted
by applicable law, which shall accrue daily from the date of the occurrence and during the continuance of such Event of Default hereunder
through and including the date of actual payment in full.

3. Conversion.

(a)
Voluntary Conversion. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Holder, at its sole option, may deliver to the Company
a notice in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (a Conversion Notice) and an updated Loan Schedule, at
any time and from time to time after the date hereof and prior to the payment of the principal amount and all accrued interest thereon
(the date of the delivery of a Conversion Notice, a Conversion Date), to convert all or any portion of the outstanding
principal amount of this Note plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon, for a number of Conversion Shares equal to the quotient obtained
by dividing the dollar amount of such outstanding principal amount of this Note plus the accrued and unpaid interest thereon being converted
by the Conversion Price. Conversions hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding principal amount of this Note plus all
accrued and unpaid interest thereunder in an amount equal to the applicable conversion, which shall be evidenced by entries set forth
in the Conversion Notice and the Loan Schedule.

(b)
Conversion Price. The Conversion Price shall be $0.5435 per share, subject to adjustment as provided
herein.

4.
Mechanics of Conversion.

(a)
Delivery of Conversion Shares upon Conversion. Within the earlier of (x) two (2) Trading Days and (y) the number of Trading
Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below), following any Conversion Date (the Delivery Date),
the Company will (i) cause the applicable Conversion Shares to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account
of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at
Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective
registration statement permitting the issuance of the Conversion Shares to or resale of the Conversion Shares by the Holder or (B) the
Conversion Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder pursuant to Rule 144, and otherwise deliver to the Holder a certificate or certificates
representing the number of Conversion Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to the applicable Conversion Notice (subject to
the limitations set forth in Section 5 hereof), and (ii) deliver to the Holder an endorsement by the Company of the Loan Schedule
acknowledging the remaining outstanding principal amount of this Note plus all accrued and unpaid interest thereon not converted (an
Endorsement). The Companys delivery to the Holder of stock certificates or the Transfer Agents crediting
the Holders balance account through DWAC in accordance with clause (i) above shall be Companys conclusive endorsement of
the remaining outstanding principal amount of this Note plus all accrued and unpaid interest thereon not converted as set forth in the
Loan Schedule. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver or to cause the Transfer Agent to deliver to the Holder the Conversion
Shares subject to a Conversion Notice by the applicable Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages
and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Conversion Shares subject to such conversion (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date
of the applicable Conversion Notice), $20 per Trading Day (increasing to $40 per Trading Day on the second (2nd) Trading Day
after the Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Delivery Date until such Conversion Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds
such conversion. The Company agrees to maintain a Transfer Agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Note remains
outstanding. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number
of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery
of the Conversion Notice. 

2 

(b)
Legends. Assuming (i) the Holder is not an Affiliate of the Company, and (ii) all of the applicable conditions of Rule
144 promulgated under the Securities Act with respect to Holder and the Conversion Shares are met, the Company will cause the removal
of any restrictive legend from the Conversion Shares (including by delivering an opinion of Companys counsel to the Transfer Agent
at its own expense to ensure the foregoing), and the Company agrees that the Holder is under no obligation to sell the Conversion Shares
issuable upon the conversion of the Note prior to removing the legend. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section
4(b).

(c)
Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Conversion Shares pursuant
to Section 4(a) by the applicable Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such Conversion Notice.

(d)
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Conversion Shares upon Conversion. In addition to any other rights
available to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Conversion Shares in accordance
with the provisions of Section 4(a) above pursuant to a conversion on or before the applicable Delivery Date, and if after such
date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm
otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Conversion Shares which the Holder
anticipated receiving upon such conversion (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the
amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common
Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Conversion Shares that the Company was required to
deliver to the Holder in connection with the conversion at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase
obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Note and equivalent number of Conversion
Shares for which such conversion was not honored (in which case such conversion shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the
number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its conversion and delivery obligations
hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect
to an attempted conversion of the Note with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause
(A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company
written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the
amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law
or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys
failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon conversion of this Note as required pursuant to the terms hereof. 

(e)
No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion
of this Note. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such conversion, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Conversion Price or round up to the next whole share.

3 

(f)
Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Conversion Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or
transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Conversion Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall
be paid by the Company, and such Conversion Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed
by the Holder; provided, however, that, in the event that Conversion Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder,
this Note when surrendered for conversion shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto as Exhibit B duly executed
by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax
incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Conversion Notice and all fees
to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic
delivery of the Conversion Shares.

(g)
Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely conversion
of this Note, pursuant to the terms hereof.

5.
Certain Conversion Limitations.

(a)
The Company shall not effect any conversion of this Note, and the Holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of this
Note, pursuant to Section 3 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after conversion as set forth
on the applicable Conversion Notice, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting as a group
together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would beneficially
own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares
of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common
Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares
of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining portion of this Note beneficially owned by the Holder or
any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities
of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise
analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except
as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 5(a), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that
the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder
is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in
this Section 5(a) applies, the determination of whether this Note is convertible (in relation to other securities owned by the
Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Note is convertible shall be in the sole discretion
of the Holder, and the submission of a Conversion Notice shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Note
is convertible (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which
portion of this Note is convertible, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation
to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall
be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes
of this Section 5(a), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the
case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer
Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall
within one (1) Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any
case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities
of the Company, including this Note, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of
outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number
of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of this Note. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this
Section 5(a), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of this Note held by the Holder
and the provisions of this Section 5(a) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not
be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and
implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 5(a) to correct this paragraph (or
any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make
changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph
shall apply to a successor holder of this Note.

4 

(b)
Resale Eligibility. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, the Holder shall not have the right to convert
any portion of this Note until the earlier of (i) the date that a registration statement permitting the resale of the Conversion Shares
by the Holder is declared effective by the Commission and (ii) the date the Conversion Shares become eligible for resale by the Holder
pursuant to Rule 144.

(c)
Principal Market Regulation; Stockholder Approval. 

(i)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, unless and until the Company has obtained Stockholder Approval, the
Company shall not issue upon any conversion of this Note a number of shares of Common Stock which, when aggregated with (i) the number
of shares issued upon any prior conversions of this Note, (ii) the number of shares issued upon any prior conversion of the Secured Note,
and (iii) the number of shares issued upon any prior exercises of the Exchange Warrant, would exceed 19.99% of the issued and outstanding
shares of Common Stock immediately prior to the Issue Date, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends,
stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the Issue Date. The Company hereby represents
and warrants to the Holder that the execution and delivery of this Note by the Company and the performance of its obligations hereunder,
do not and will not, conflict with the listing rules of any Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed.

(ii)
The Company covenants and agrees to hold a special meeting of shareholders at the earliest practical date after the Issue Date
but in no event later than one hundred (100) days after the Issue Date for the purpose of obtaining Stockholder Approval, with the recommendation
of the Companys Board of Directors that such proposal be approved, and the Company shall solicit proxies from its shareholders
in connection therewith in the same manner as all other management proposals in such proxy statement and all management-appointed proxyholders
shall vote their proxies in favor of such proposal. The Company shall use its best efforts to obtain such Stockholder Approval. If the
Company does not obtain Stockholder Approval at the first meeting, the Company shall call a meeting every four months thereafter to seek
Stockholder Approval until the date Stockholder Approval is obtained.

6.
Certain Adjustments.

(a)
Stock Dividends and Stock Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Note is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend
or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock or any Common Stock Equivalents
(which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon conversion of this Notes), (ii)
subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of a reverse stock split)
outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues, in the event of a reclassification of shares of the
Common Stock, any shares of capital stock of the Company, then the Conversion Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator
shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Company) outstanding immediately before such event,
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made
pursuant to this Section shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive
such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination,
or re-classification.

5 

(b)
Reserved.

(c)
Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 6(a) above, if at any time
the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property
pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will
be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have
acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Note (without regard
to any limitations on conversion hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date
on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which
the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however,
to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership
of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held
in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation).

(d)
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Note is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend
or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital
or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend,
spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Note, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete conversion of this Note (without regard to any limitations on conversion hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however,
to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial
ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be
held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

6 

(e)
Fundamental Transactions. If, at any time while this Note is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one
or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company, directly
or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of
its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer
(whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange
their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding
Common Stock, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization
or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted
into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization,
spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person whereby such other Person acquires more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated
or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each
a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent conversion of this Note, the Holder shall have the right to
receive, for each Conversion Share that would have been issuable upon such conversion immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental
Transaction (without regard to any limitations on conversion hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation),
the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation,
and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction
by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Note is convertible immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction
(without regard to any limitations on conversion hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). For purposes
of any such conversion, the determination of the Conversion Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration
based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one (1) share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction,
and the Company shall apportion the Conversion Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative
value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities,
cash, or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration
it receives upon any conversion of this Note following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in
a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all
of the obligations of the Company under this Note and any document ancillary hereto, in accordance with the provisions of this Section
6(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without
unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the holder of this Note, deliver to the Holder
in exchange for this Note a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance
to this Note which is convertible for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity)
equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon conversion of this Note (without regard to any limitations on
conversion hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with
a conversion price which applies the conversion price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative
value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number
of shares of capital stock and such conversion price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Note immediately
prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder.
Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from
and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Note and the other Transaction Documents referring to the
Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume
all of the obligations of the Company under this Note and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity
had been named as the Company herein.

7 

(f)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 6 shall be made to the nearest cent or to the nearest 1/100th
of a share, as the case may be.

(g)
Notice to Holder. 

(i)
Whenever the Conversion Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 6, the Company shall promptly deliver
to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Conversion Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of
Conversion Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

(ii)
If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company
shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting
to all holders of the Common Stock of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of
any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common
Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of
the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property or (E) the
Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each
case, the Company shall cause to be filed at each office or agency maintained for the purpose of conversion of this Note, and shall cause
to be delivered to the Holder at its last address as it shall appear upon this Note Register, at least twenty (20) calendar days prior
to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for
the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the
holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined
or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective
or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares
of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer
or share exchange, provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect
the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes,
or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission
pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to convert this Note during the 20-day period commencing on
the date of such notice through the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth
herein.

8 

7.
Authorized Shares. The Company covenants that, during the period the Note is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized
and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Conversion Shares upon any conversion of this
Note. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Note shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with
the duty of issuing the necessary Conversion Shares upon any conversion of this Note. The Company will take all such reasonable action
as may be necessary to assure that such Conversion Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or
regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Conversion
Shares which may be issued upon any conversion this Note will, upon any conversion of this Note in accordance herewith, be duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable (which means that no further sums are required to be paid by the holders thereof in connection
with the issue thereof) and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than
taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale
of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Note, but
will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Note against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
the Company will (i) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue
fully paid and nonassessable Conversion Shares upon the conversion of this Note and (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain
all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to
enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Note.

Before
taking any action that would result in an adjustment in the number of Conversion Shares into which this Note is convertible or in the
Conversion Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from
any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

8.
Voluntary Prepayment. The Company shall have the right to prepay this Note at any time prior to the Maturity Date in whole
or in part (Optional Redemption), by paying to the Holder a sum of money equal to one hundred percent (100%) of
the principal amount to be redeemed, together with accrued but unpaid interest thereon and any and all other sums due, accrued or payable
to the Holder arising under this Note or any Transaction Document through the Redemption Payment Date as defined below (the Redemption
Amount). Companys election to exercise its right to prepay must be by notice in writing (Notice of Redemption).
The Notice of Redemption shall specify the date for such Optional Redemption (the Redemption Payment Date), which
date shall be ten (10) Trading Days after the date of the Notice of Redemption (the Redemption Period). A Notice
of Redemption shall not be effective with respect to any portion of the Principal Amount for which the Holder has a pending election
to convert, or for conversions initiated or made by the Holder during the Redemption Period. On the Redemption Payment Date, the Redemption
Amount, less any portion of the Redemption Amount against which the Holder has exercised its conversion rights, shall be paid in good
funds to the Holder. If the Company fails to pay the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Payment Date as set forth herein, then such
Notice of Redemption will be null and void.

9 

9.
Events of Default.

(a)
The occurrence of any one of the following events for any reason whatsoever (and whether such occurrence shall be voluntary or
involuntary, or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court, or any order, rule, or regulation
of any administrative or governmental body) shall constitute an Event of Default:

(i)
any default in the payment of the principal or interest on or other payments owing in respect of this Note as and when the same
shall become due and payable (whether on a Conversion Date, the Maturity Date, by acceleration or otherwise);

(ii)
the failure of the Company to satisfy its Repayment Obligation with respect to any principal amount outstanding (including any
accrued and unpaid interest thereon) on the Maturity Date, either in cash or via an Alternative Payment Method in accordance with Section
1 hereof;

(iii)
the Company fails for any reason to deliver or to cause the Transfer Agent to deliver to the Holder the Conversion Shares subject
to a Conversion Notice by the applicable Delivery Date in accordance with Section 4(a), and such failure shall not have been remedied
within three (3) Trading Days after the date on which notice of such failure shall have been given;

(iv)
(x) a registration statement permitting the resale by the Holder of not less than 150% of the aggregate number of shares of Common
Stock initially issuable hereunder and under the Secured Note (the Registration Statement) shall not have been declared
effective by the Commission by April 5, 2025 or (y) upon receiving notification from the Commission that either the Registration
Statement has received a no review from the Commission or that the Commission has no additional comments to the Registration
Statement, the Company shall fail to all action necessary to ensure that the Registration Statement has been declared effective within
two Business Days of either such notification;

(v)
the Company shall fail to observe or perform any other covenant, agreement or warranty contained in, or otherwise commit any breach
of this Note, the Settlement Agreement or any other Transaction Document, and such failure or breach shall not, if subject to the possibility
of a cure by the Company, have been remedied within ten (10) Trading Days after the date on which notice of such failure or breach shall
have been given;

(vi)
the Company or any Subsidiary shall default in any of its obligations under any mortgage, credit agreement or other facility,
indenture agreement, factoring agreement or other instrument under which there may be issued, or by which there may be secured or evidenced
any indebtedness for borrowed money or money due under any long term leasing or factoring arrangement of the Company in an amount exceeding
$150,000, whether such indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter be created and such default shall result in such indebtedness becoming
or being declared due and payable prior to the date on which it would otherwise become due and payable;

(vii)
the Common Stock shall not be eligible for quotation on or quoted for trading on a Trading Market and shall not again be eligible
for and quoted or listed for trading thereon within ten (10) Trading Days;

(viii)
a Commission or judicial stop trade order or trading suspension by the primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock
that lasts for five (5) or more consecutive Trading Days; or

10 

(ix)
the Company shall commence or there shall be commenced against the Company a case under any applicable bankruptcy or insolvency
laws as now or hereafter in effect or any successor thereto, or the Company commences any other proceeding under any reorganization,
arrangement, adjustment of debt, relief of debtors, dissolution, insolvency or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction whether
now or hereafter in effect relating to the Company or any Subsidiary thereof or there is commenced against the Company or any Subsidiary
thereof any such bankruptcy, insolvency or other proceeding which remains undismissed for a period of sixty (60) days; or the Company
or any Subsidiary thereof is adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt; or any order of relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding
is entered; or the Company or any Subsidiary thereof suffers any appointment of any custodian or the like for it or any substantial part
of its property which continues undischarged or unstayed for a period of sixty (60) days; or the Company or any Subsidiary thereof shall
by any act or failure to act indicate its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any of the foregoing; or any corporate or other
action is taken by the Company or any Subsidiary thereof for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing.

(b)
Remedies Upon Event of Default. Subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation as set forth in Section 5, if any
Event of Default occurs, then the outstanding Principal Amount of this Note, liquidated damages and other amounts owing in respect thereof
through the date of acceleration, shall become, at the Holders election by written notice to the Company, immediately due and
payable at the Holders option, either (i) in cash in the amount of the Mandatory Default Amount, or (ii) by delivery to the Holder
of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Mandatory Default Amount divided by the Conversion Price. Upon the payment in full
of the Mandatory Default Amount in cash or in shares of Common Stock, the Holder shall promptly surrender this Note to or as directed
by the Company. In connection with such acceleration described herein, the Holder need not provide, and the Company hereby waives, any
presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind (other than the Holders election to declare such acceleration), and the
Holder may immediately and without expiration of any grace period enforce any and all of its rights and remedies hereunder and all other
remedies available to it under applicable law. Such acceleration may be rescinded and annulled by Holder at any time prior to payment
hereunder and the Holder shall have all rights as a holder of this Note until such time, if any, as the Holder receives full payment
pursuant to this Section 9(b). No such rescission or annulment shall affect any subsequent Event of Default or impair any right
consequent thereon. 

10.
Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages,
will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Note. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Note and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert
the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

11.
No Waiver of Holders Rights, etc. All payments of principal and interest shall be made without setoff, deduction,
or counterclaim. No delay or failure on the part of the Holder in exercising any of its options, powers, or rights, nor any partial or
single exercise of its options, powers or rights shall constitute a waiver thereof or of any other option, power or right, and no waiver
on the part of the Holder of any of its options, powers or rights shall constitute a waiver of any other option, power or right. The
Company hereby waives presentment of payment, protest, and notices or demands in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance,
default or endorsement of this Note. Acceptance by the Holder of less than the full amount due and payable hereunder shall in no way
limit the right of the Holder to require full payment of all sums due and payable hereunder in accordance with the terms hereof.

12.
Costs and Expenses. If the Holder shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Note,
and provided the Holder prevails in such action, suit or proceeding, the Company shall pay (and shall indemnify and hold harmless the
Holder from and against), all reasonable attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Holder in connection with the investigation,
preparation and prosecution of such action, suit or proceeding. 

11 

13.
Cumulative Rights and Remedies; Usury. The rights and remedies of the Holder expressed herein are cumulative and not exclusive
of any rights and remedies otherwise available. If it shall be found that any interest outstanding hereunder shall violate applicable
laws governing usury, the applicable rate of interest outstanding hereunder shall be reduced to the maximum permitted rate of interest
under such law.

14.
Partial Invalidity. In the case any provision of this Note is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be excessive
in scope or otherwise invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, so that its enforceable
to the maximum extent possible, and the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Note will not in any way be affected
impaired thereby.

15.
Amendment; Waiver. No term or provision contained herein may be modified, amended or waived except by written agreement
or consent signed by the Company and the Holder.

16.
Successors and Assigns. This Note shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and shall inure to the benefit of
the Holder and its successors and assigns. The term Holder as used herein, shall also include any endorsee, assignee
or other holder of this Note.

17.
Lost or Stolen Note. If this Note is lost, stolen, mutilated or otherwise destroyed, the Company shall execute and deliver
to the Holder a new promissory note containing the same terms, and in the same form, as this Note. In such event, the Company may require
the Holder to deliver to the Company an affidavit of lost instrument and customary indemnity in respect thereof as a condition to the
delivery of any such new promissory note.

18.
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right
required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding
Business Day.

19.
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holder hereunder including, without
limitation, any Conversion Notice, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight
courier service, addressed to the Company, at 1061 E. Indiantown Rd., Ste. 110, Jupiter, FL 33477, Attention: Jarrett Boon, Chief Executive
officer, email address: jboon@drinksafetyshot.com, or such other email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes
by notice to the Holder. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in
writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to the Holder, at
11700 West Charleston Blvd. #170-659, Las Vegas, NV 89135, Attention: Michael Bigger, email address: michael@biggercapital.com, or such
other email address or address of the Holder as the Holder may specify for such purposes by notice to the Company. Any notice or other
communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice
or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time)
on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the
e-mail address set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any
Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service,
or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder
constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously
file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

12 

20.
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Note shall be
governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles
of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of
the transactions contemplated by this Note (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers,
shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City
of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City
of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated
hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that
it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient
venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Note and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient
service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any
other manner permitted by law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this paragraph shall limit or restrict the federal district
court in which a Holder may bring a claim under the federal securities laws.

21.
Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO
A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION, CAUSE OF ACTION OR PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING
TO THIS NOTE OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER, IN EACH CASE WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING, AND IRRESPECTIVE OF
WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE.

22.
Definitions. As used herein, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required
by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally
are open for use by customers on such day.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, $0.001 par value per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

13 

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Mandatory
Default Amount means, as of any date, 150% of the outstanding principal of this Note, in addition to all other amounts, costs,
expenses, and liquidated damages then due in respect of this Note.

Note
Register shall mean the register maintained by the Company, which includes a list of the name and address of the Holder, as
well as the outstanding principal amount and interest amount owing to such Holder from time to time.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Rule
144 means Rule 144 under the Securities Act.

Settlement
Agreement means that certain Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release dated as of January 20, 2025, by and between the Company
and Bigger Capital LLC.

Stockholder
Approval means such approval as may be required by the applicable rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Capital Market (or any
successor entity) from the stockholders of the Company with respect to the transactions contemplated under this Note and the other Transaction
Documents, including, without limitation, the issuance of all of the Conversion Shares issuable hereunder including in an amount that
would, when aggregated with (i) the number of shares issued upon any prior conversions of the Secured Note, and (ii) the number of shares
issued upon any prior exercises of the Exchange Warrant, exceed 19.99% of the issued and outstanding Common Stock on the Issue Date,
at a price less than the market value of the Common Stock on the Issue Date.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed
or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means a day on which the Common Stock is traded on a Trading Market.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange, OTCQB or OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means (i) this Note, (ii) the Settlement Agreement, (iii) that certain Secured Convertible Note dated as of January
20, 2025 in the principal amount of $1,750,000 issued by the Company to Bigger Capital LLC (the Secured Note), (iv)
that certain Warrant to Purchase Common Stock dated as of January 20, 2025 issued by the Company to Bigger Capital LLC (the Exchange
Warrant), and any other agreements, instruments or documents delivered in connection with the Settlement Agreement.

Transfer
Agent means ClearTrust, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 16540 Pointe Village Dr.,
Suite 210, Lutz, FL 33558 and an email address of kara@cleartrusttransfer.com, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

14 

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or
a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of Common Stock
so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected
in good faith by the Holder and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

********************

[Signature Page Follows]

15 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Convertible Note to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first set forth above.

SAFETY
SHOT, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

16 

EXHIBIT A

NOTICE OF CONVERSION

The
undersigned hereby elects to convert the principal amount and interest indicated below of the attached Convertible Note into shares of
common stock, $0.001 par value (the Common Stock or Conversion Shares), of Safety Shot, Inc.,
according to the conditions hereof, as of the date written below. No fee will be charged to the Holder for any conversion.

Date
to Effect Conversion: 

Principal
Amount and Interest of 

Convertible
Note to be Converted: 

Applicable
Conversion Price: 

Number
of shares of Common Stock to be Issued: 

Please
issue said Conversion Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Conversion
Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

Name
of Holder (Please Print) 

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Holder 

Name
of Authorized Signatory 

Title
of Authorized Signatory 

Date: 

-Exhibit A- 

EXHIBIT
B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To
assign the foregoing Note, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to convert the Note into Conversion
Shares.)

FOR VALUE
RECEIVED, the foregoing Note and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to:

Name: 

(Please
Print)

Address: 

(Please
Print)

Phone
Number: 

Email
Address: 

Dated: 

Holders
Signature: 

Holders
Address: 

-Exhibit B- 

EXHIBIT
C

LOAN SCHEDULE

Convertible Note Issued by Safety Shot, Inc.

Dated: January 20, 2025

SCHEDULE

OF

CONVERSIONS AND PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL

Date
of Conversion Amount
of Conversion Total
Amount Due Subsequent To Conversion

-Exhibit C-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex10-4.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

THIS
INSTRUMENT AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUABLE PURSUANT HERETO HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES
ACT), OR UNDER THE SECURITIES LAWS OF CERTAIN STATES. THESE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED,
PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED IN THIS SAFE AND UNDER THE ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE
REGISTRATION STATEMENT OR AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM.

SAFETY
SHOT, INC.

SAFE
Agreement for Future Capital

THIS
CERTIFIES THAT, as partial satisfaction of that certain Convertible Note, dated January 20, 2025, made by Safety Shot, Inc. (the Company)
in favor of Bigger Capital LLC (Bigger Capital), as set forth in that certain Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release,
dated January 20, 2025, by and between the Company and Bigger Capital, the Company hereby issues to Bigger Capital the right to certain
shares of the Companys Capital Stock and certain other rights, subject to the terms described below. As used herein the term Principal
Amount shall mean Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000), together with interest on the unpaid or uncontributed amount, computed
at the per annum rate of five percent (5%) from and after the date hereof, it being understood that no such interest shall be payable
except upon a contribution pursuant to Section 1(a) or upon a termination of this SAFE pursuant to Section 1(e)(ii).

1.
Events

(a)
Capital Raising Transaction. Bigger Capital may elect in its sole discretion to participate in any Capital Raising Transaction
that the Company engages in subsequent to the date hereof by contributing some or all of the Principal Amount outstanding to such participation,
and the Principal Amount shall be reduced by the amount that Bigger Capital elects to so contribute. The Company shall promptly (and
in no event later than five (5) days prior to the closing of such Capital Raising Transaction) provide Bigger Capital with written notice
of any such Capital Raising Transaction and, upon request of Bigger Capital, any additional information related to such Capital Raising
Transaction as may be requested by Bigger Capital. If applicable, the issuance of any Conversion Shares to Bigger Capital pursuant to
this paragraph shall be on, and subject to, the same terms and conditions applicable to the Equity Securities issued in the applicable
Capital Raising Transaction.

(b)
Change of Control. If there is a Change of Control before the termination of this SAFE, Bigger Capital will automatically
be entitled (subject to the liquidation priority set forth in Section 1(d) below and the MFN Amendment Provision in Section
3 below) to receive a portion of Proceeds, due and payable to Bigger Capital immediately prior to, or concurrent with, the consummation
of such Change of Control, equal to the Principal Amount less any Principal Amount contributed towards a prior participation in a Capital
Raising Transaction (the Cash-Out Amount). If any of the Companys securityholders are given a choice as to
the form and amount of Proceeds to be received in a Change of Control, Bigger Capital will be given the same choice.

(c)
Dissolution Event. If there is a Dissolution Event before the termination of this SAFE, Bigger Capital will automatically
be entitled (subject to the liquidation priority set forth in Section 1(d) below) to receive a portion of Proceeds equal to the Cash-Out
Amount, due and payable to Bigger Capital immediately prior to the consummation of the Dissolution Event.

(d)
Liquidation Priority. In the event of a Change of Control or Dissolution Event while this SAFE is outstanding, the Companys
obligation to pay Bigger Capital pursuant to this SAFE shall rank senior in right of payment to the Companys Capital Stock.

(e)
Termination. This SAFE will automatically terminate (without relieving the Company of any obligations arising from a prior
breach of or non-compliance with this SAFE) immediately following the earliest to occur of: (i) the exhaustion of the Principal Amount
pursuant to Section 1(a); or (ii) the payment, or setting aside for payment, of amounts due Bigger Capital pursuant to Section 1(b) or
Section 1(c).

2.
Definitions

Capital
Raising Transaction means any issuance of debt or Equity Securities (including, without limitation, any shares of Capital
Stock, securities convertible in to or exchangeable for shares of Capital Stock, or warrants, options or other rights for the purchase
or acquisition of such shares, and other ownership or profit interests (including, without limitation, partnership, member or trust interest
therein), whether voting or nonvoting) of the Company and/or any of its subsidiaries for cash occurring after the date hereof.

Capital
Stock means the capital stock of the Company, including, without limitation, the Common Stock.

Change
of Control means (i) a transaction or series of related transactions in which any person or group
(within the meaning of Section 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), becomes the beneficial owner
(as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the outstanding
voting securities of the Company having the right to vote for the election of members of the Companys board of directors, (ii) any
reorganization, merger or consolidation of the Company, other than a transaction or series of related transactions in which the holders
of the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such transaction or series of related transactions retain, immediately
after such transaction or series of related transactions, at least a majority of the total voting power represented by the outstanding
voting securities of the Company or such other surviving or resulting entity or (iii) a sale, lease or other disposition of all
or substantially all of the assets of the Company.

Conversion
Shares means with respect to a conversion pursuant to Section 1(a), the shares of the Equity Securities issued in a Capital
Raising Transaction.

Dissolution
Event means (i) a voluntary termination of operations, (ii) a general assignment for the benefit of the Companys creditors
or (iii) any other liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company (excluding a Liquidity Event), whether voluntary
or involuntary.

Equity
Securities means (i) Capital Stock, (ii) any securities conferring the right to purchase Capital Stock, or (iii) any securities
directly or indirectly convertible into, or exchange for (with or without additional consideration) Capital Stock.

Liquidity
Price means the fair market value of the Common Stock at the time of the Change of Control (determined by reference to the
purchase price payable in connection with such Change of Control).

Proceeds
means cash and other assets (including without limitation stock consideration) that are proceeds from the Liquidity Event or the Dissolution
Event, as applicable, and legally available for distribution.

Subsequent
Convertible Securities means convertible securities that the Company may issue after the issuance of this instrument with
the principal purpose of raising capital, including but not limited to, other SAFEs, convertible debt instruments and other convertible
securities. Subsequent Convertible Securities excludes any options issued pursuant to any equity incentive or similar plan of the Company.

3.
MFN Amendment Provision. If the Company issues any Subsequent Convertible Securities with
terms more favorable than those of this SAFE (including, without limitation, a valuation cap and/or discount) prior to termination of
this SAFE, the Company will promptly provide Bigger Capital with written notice thereof, together with a copy of such Subsequent Convertible
Securities (the MFN Notice) and, upon request of Bigger Capital, any additional information related to such Subsequent
Convertible Securities as may be requested by Bigger Capital. In the event Bigger Capital determines that the terms of the Subsequent
Convertible Securities are preferable to the terms of this instrument, Bigger Capital will notify the Company in writing within ten (10)
days of the receipt of the MFN Notice. Promptly after receipt of such written notice from Bigger Capital, the Company agrees to amend
and restate this instrument to be identical to the instrument(s) evidencing the Subsequent Convertible Securities.

-2-

4.
Company Representations

(a)
The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its state of incorporation, and
has the power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and carry on its business as now conducted.

(b)
The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this SAFE is within the power of the Company and has been duly authorized by
all necessary actions on the part of the Company (subject to section 4(d)). This SAFE constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation
of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other laws
of general application relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and general principles of equity.
To its knowledge, the Company is not in violation of (i) its current certificate of incorporation or bylaws, (ii) any material statute,
rule or regulation applicable to the Company or (iii) any material debt or contract to which the Company is a party or by which it is
bound, where, in each case, such violation or default, individually, or together with all such violations or defaults, could reasonably
be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company.

(c)
The performance and consummation of the transactions contemplated by this SAFE do not and will not: (i) violate any material judgment,
statute, rule or regulation applicable to the Company; (ii) result in the acceleration of any material debt or contract to which
the Company is a party or by which it is bound; or (iii) result in the creation or imposition of any lien on any property, asset
or revenue of the Company or the suspension, forfeiture, or nonrenewal of any material permit, license or authorization applicable to
the Company, its business or operations.

(d)
No consents or approvals are required in connection with the performance of this SAFE, other than: (i) the Companys corporate
approvals; (ii) any qualifications or filings under applicable securities laws; and (iii) necessary corporate approvals for the authorization
of Capital Stock issuable pursuant to Section 1.

(e)
To its knowledge, the Company owns or possesses (or can obtain on commercially reasonable terms) sufficient legal rights to all patents,
trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, trade secrets, licenses, information, processes and other intellectual property rights
necessary for its business as now conducted and as currently proposed to be conducted, without any conflict with, or infringement of
the rights of, others.

5.
Miscellaneous

(a)
Any provision of this SAFE may be amended, waived or modified by written consent of the Company and Bigger Capital.

(b)
Any notice required or permitted by this SAFE will be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or by overnight courier or sent by
email to the relevant address listed on the signature page, or 48 hours after being deposited in the U.S. mail as certified or registered
mail with postage prepaid, addressed to the party to be notified at such partys address listed on the signature page, as subsequently
modified by written notice.

(d)
Neither this SAFE nor the rights in this SAFE are transferable or assignable, by operation of law or otherwise, by either the Company
without the prior written consent of Bigger Capital.

(e) If
any provision or provisions contained in this SAFE shall contravene or be invalid under any applicable law, such contravention or
invalidity shall not invalidate the whole SAFE, but the SAFE shall be construed as not containing the particular provision or
provisions held to be invalid, and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be construed and enforced
accordingly.

-3-

(f)
This SAFE shall be considered to have been negotiated, executed and delivered, and to be wholly performed in the State of New York, and
the rights and obligations of the parties to this SAFE shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and governed by, the internal,
substantive laws of the State of New York without giving effect to that States choice of law principles. Bigger Capital and the
Company agree that the exclusive jurisdiction for any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this SAFE shall be the Supreme Court
of New York, New York County and Bigger Capital and the Company hereby waive any challenge to personal jurisdiction or venue in that
court. They also waive trial by jury in any proceeding relating to this SAFE. In the event any proceeding to enforce this SAFE, the prevailing
party shall be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys fees.

(g)
In connection with this SAFE and all transactions contemplated by this SAFE, each signatory party hereto agrees to execute and deliver
such additional documents and instruments and to perform such additional acts as may be necessary or appropriate to effectuate, carry
out and perform all of the terms, provisions and conditions of this SAFE and all such transactions.

(h)
This SAFE may be executed in one or more counterparts with facsimile, scanned or DocuSign signatures being deemed original, any of which
need not contain the signatures of all parties hereto but all signed counterparts taken together will constitute one and the same agreement.

(Signature
page follows)

-4-

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the undersigned have caused this SAFE to be duly executed and delivered.

SAFETY SHOT, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address: 

Email: 

BIGGER CAPITAL LLC

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address: 

Email:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex10-5.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.5

NEITHER THIS SECURITY
NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES
COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES
ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT
AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS SECURITY MAY
BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

CONVERTIBLE NOTE

U.S. $4,500,000.00 Issue Date: July
21, 2025

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, Safety Shot, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), hereby promises to pay to Bigger Capital
LLC, or its successors and assigns (the Holder), a principal sum of Four Million Five Hundred Thousand and 00/100
Dollars (U.S. $4,500,000.00), subject to the terms and conditions hereof. The aggregate principal amount outstanding under this Convertible
Note (this Note) will be conclusively evidenced by the schedule annexed as Exhibit C hereto (the Loan
Schedule), up to a maximum principal amount of U.S. $4,500,000.00.

1.
Payment; Maturity Date. The entire principal amount hereunder, including any accrued and unpaid interest thereon shall be due
and payable in full on December 31, 2027 (the Maturity Date), or such earlier date as this Note is required or permitted
to be repaid as provided hereunder. All payments due hereunder (to the extent not converted into Conversion Shares (as defined below)
in accordance with the terms hereof) shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America in accordance with such instructions
as the Holder shall provide to the Company by written notice made in accordance with the provisions of this Note.

2.
Interest. Interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal amount of this Note at the rate of nine percent (9%) per annum from July
21, 2025 (the Issue Date) until the earlier to occur of (i) the date such unpaid principal amount is paid in full,
or (ii) the date such unpaid principal amount is converted into shares of the Companys Common Stock (Conversion Shares),
in accordance with the terms hereof. Interest accruing hereunder shall be paid, either in cash at the Maturity Date or on such earlier
date as the principal amount under this Note becomes due and payable, or in Conversion Shares on such date as any principal amount under
this Note together with interest accrued thereon is converted in accordance with the terms hereof, and shall be computed on the basis
of a 360-day year for the actual number of days elapsed. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon the occurrence
and during the continuance of an Event of Default (as defined below), interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal amount this Note
at a rate equal to the lesser of fifteen percent (15%) per annum and the maximum rate permitted by applicable law, which shall accrue
daily from the date of the occurrence and during the continuance of such Event of Default hereunder through and including the date of
actual payment in full.

3.
Conversion.

(a)
Voluntary Conversion. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Holder, at its sole option, may deliver to the Company a
notice in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (a Conversion Notice) and an updated Loan Schedule, at any
time and from time to time after the date hereof and prior to the payment of the principal amount and all accrued interest thereon (the
date of the delivery of a Conversion Notice, a Conversion Date), to convert all or any portion of the outstanding
principal amount of this Note plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon, for a number of Conversion Shares equal to the quotient obtained
by dividing the dollar amount of such outstanding principal amount of this Note plus the accrued and unpaid interest thereon being converted
by the Conversion Price as of the applicable Conversion Date. Conversions hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding
principal amount of this Note plus all accrued and unpaid interest thereunder in an amount equal to the applicable conversion, which
shall be evidenced by entries set forth in the Conversion Notice and the Loan Schedule.

(b)
Conversion Price; Floor Price. As used herein, the term Conversion Price means, as of any date of determination,
the lesser of (i) [__]1, and (ii) the VWAP of the Common
Stock for the Trading Day immediately prior to such date; provided, notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein,
the Conversion Price shall not be lower than the Floor Price.

As
used herein, the term Floor Price means a price per share of Common Stock equal to 20% of the Initial Market Price.
The Initial Market Price, as used herein, means the lesser of (i) the Nasdaq Official Closing Price of the Common
Stock (as reflected on Nasdaq.com) immediately preceding the signing of this Note; or (ii) the average Nasdaq Official Closing Price
of the Common Stock (as reflected on Nasdaq.com) for the five Trading Days immediately preceding the signing of this Note.

4.
Mechanics of Conversion.

(a)
Delivery of Conversion Shares upon Conversion. Within the earlier of (x) two (2) Trading Days and (y) the number of Trading Days
comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below), following any Conversion Date (the Delivery Date),
the Company will (i) cause the applicable Conversion Shares to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account
of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at
Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective
registration statement permitting the issuance of the Conversion Shares to or resale of the Conversion Shares by the Holder or (B) the
Conversion Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder pursuant to Rule 144, and otherwise deliver to the Holder a certificate or certificates
representing the number of Conversion Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to the applicable Conversion Notice (subject to
the limitations set forth in Section 5 hereof), and (ii) deliver to the Holder an endorsement by the Company of the Loan Schedule
acknowledging the remaining outstanding principal amount of this Note plus all accrued and unpaid interest thereon not converted (an
Endorsement). The Companys delivery to the Holder of stock certificates or the Transfer Agents crediting
the Holders balance account through DWAC in accordance with clause (i) above shall be Companys conclusive endorsement of
the remaining outstanding principal amount of this Note plus all accrued and unpaid interest thereon not converted as set forth in the
Loan Schedule. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver or to cause the Transfer Agent to deliver to the Holder the Conversion
Shares subject to a Conversion Notice by the applicable Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages
and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Conversion Shares subject to such conversion (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date
of the applicable Conversion Notice), $20 per Trading Day (increasing to $40 per Trading Day on the second (2nd) Trading Day
after the Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Delivery Date until such Conversion Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds
such conversion. The Company agrees to maintain a Transfer Agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Note remains
outstanding. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number
of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery
of the Conversion Notice.

1
Lower of (i) Nasdaq Official Closing Price of the Common Stock (as reflected on Nasdaq.com) immediately prior to Issue Date and (ii) the
average Nasdaq Official Closing Price of the Common Stock (as reflected on Nasdaq.com) for the five Trading Days immediately preceding
the Issue Date.

2

(b)
Legends. Assuming (i) the Holder is not an Affiliate of the Company, and (ii) all of the applicable conditions of Rule 144 promulgated
under the Securities Act with respect to Holder and the Conversion Shares are met, the Company will cause the removal of any restrictive
legend from the Conversion Shares (including by delivering an opinion of Companys counsel to the Transfer Agent at its own expense
to ensure the foregoing), and the Company agrees that the Holder is under no obligation to sell the Conversion Shares issuable upon the
conversion of the Note prior to removing the legend. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 4(b).

(c)
Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Conversion Shares pursuant to
Section 4(a) by the applicable Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such Conversion Notice.

(d)
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Conversion Shares upon Conversion. In addition to any other rights available
to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Conversion Shares in accordance with the
provisions of Section 4(a) above pursuant to a conversion on or before the applicable Delivery Date, and if after such date the
Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise
purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Conversion Shares which the Holder anticipated
receiving upon such conversion (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any,
by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased
exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Conversion Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder
in connection with the conversion at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed,
and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Note and equivalent number of Conversion Shares for which such
conversion was not honored (in which case such conversion shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of
Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its conversion and delivery obligations hereunder. For
example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted
conversion of the Note with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately
preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating
the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing
herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without
limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares
of Common Stock upon conversion of this Note as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

(e)
No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion
of this Note. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such conversion, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Conversion Price or round up to the next whole share.

3

(f)
Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Conversion Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer
tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Conversion Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by
the Company, and such Conversion Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the
Holder; provided, however, that, in the event that Conversion Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this
Note when surrendered for conversion shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto as Exhibit B duly executed by
the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax
incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Conversion Notice and all fees
to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic
delivery of the Conversion Shares.

(g)
Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely conversion
of this Note, pursuant to the terms hereof.

5.
Certain Conversion Limitations.

(a)
The Company shall not effect any conversion of this Note, and the Holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of this Note,
pursuant to Section 3 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after conversion as set forth on the
applicable Conversion Notice, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting as a group together
with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would beneficially
own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares
of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common
Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares
of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining portion of this Note beneficially owned by the Holder or
any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities
of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise
analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except
as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 5(a), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that
the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder
is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in
this Section 5(a) applies, the determination of whether this Note is convertible (in relation to other securities owned by the
Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Note is convertible shall be in the sole discretion
of the Holder, and the submission of a Conversion Notice shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Note
is convertible (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which
portion of this Note is convertible, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation
to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall
be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes
of this Section 5(a), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the
case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer
Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall
within one (1) Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any
case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities
of the Company, including this Note, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of
outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number
of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of this Note. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this
Section 5(a), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of this Note held by the Holder
and the provisions of this Section 5(a) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not
be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and
implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 5(a) to correct this paragraph (or
any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make
changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph
shall apply to a successor holder of this Note.

4

(b)
Principal Market Regulation; Stockholder Approval.

(i)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, unless and until the Company has obtained Stockholder Approval, the Company
shall not issue upon any conversion of this Note a number of shares of Common Stock which, when aggregated with the number of shares
of Common Stock issued upon any prior conversions of this Note, would exceed 19.99% of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock
immediately prior to the Issue Date, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations
and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the Issue Date. The Company hereby represents and warrants to the
Holder that the execution and delivery of this Note by the Company and the performance of its obligations hereunder, do not and will
not, conflict with the listing rules of any Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed.

(ii)
The Company covenants and agrees to hold a special meeting of shareholders at the earliest practical date after the Issue Date but in
no event later than one hundred (100) days after the Issue Date for the purpose of obtaining Stockholder Approval, with the recommendation
of the Companys Board of Directors that such proposal be approved, and the Company shall solicit proxies from its shareholders
in connection therewith in the same manner as all other management proposals in such proxy statement and all management-appointed proxyholders
shall vote their proxies in favor of such proposal. The Company shall use its best efforts to obtain such Stockholder Approval. If the
Company does not obtain Stockholder Approval at the first meeting, the Company shall call a meeting every four months thereafter to seek
Stockholder Approval until the date Stockholder Approval is obtained.

6.
Certain Adjustments.

(a)
Stock Dividends and Stock Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Note is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock or any Common Stock Equivalents (which,
for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon conversion of this Notes), (ii) subdivides
outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding
shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues, in the event of a reclassification of shares of the Common Stock,
any shares of capital stock of the Company, then the Conversion Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall
be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Company) outstanding immediately before such event, and
of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made
pursuant to this Section shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive
such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination,
or re-classification.

5

(b)
Reserved.

(c)
Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 6(a) above, if at any time the Company
grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to
the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled
to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if
the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Note (without regard to any limitations
on conversion hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record
is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders
of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent
that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such
shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance
for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

(d)
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Note is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other
distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise
(including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off,
reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Note, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete conversion of this Note (without regard to any limitations on conversion hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however,
to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial
ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be
held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

6

(e)
Fundamental Transactions. If, at any time while this Note is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more
related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company, directly or indirectly,
effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in
one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the
Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares
for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding Common
Stock, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or
recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into
or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates
a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization,
spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person whereby such other Person acquires more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated
or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each
a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent conversion of this Note, the Holder shall have the right to
receive, for each Conversion Share that would have been issuable upon such conversion immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental
Transaction (without regard to any limitations on conversion hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation),
the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation,
and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction
by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Note is convertible immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction
(without regard to any limitations on conversion hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). For purposes
of any such conversion, the determination of the Conversion Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration
based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one (1) share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction,
and the Company shall apportion the Conversion Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative
value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities,
cash, or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration
it receives upon any conversion of this Note following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in
a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all
of the obligations of the Company under this Note and any document ancillary hereto, in accordance with the provisions of this Section
6(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without
unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the holder of this Note, deliver to the Holder
in exchange for this Note a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance
to this Note which is convertible for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity)
equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon conversion of this Note (without regard to any limitations on
conversion hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with
a conversion price which applies the conversion price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative
value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number
of shares of capital stock and such conversion price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Note immediately
prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder.
Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from
and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Note and the other Transaction Documents referring to the
Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume
all of the obligations of the Company under this Note and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity
had been named as the Company herein.

(f)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 6 shall be made to the nearest cent or to the nearest 1/100th of a share,
as the case may be.

7

(g)
Notice to Holder.

(i)
Whenever the Conversion Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 6, the Company shall promptly deliver to the
Holder by email a notice setting forth the Conversion Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of Conversion
Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

(ii)
If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare
a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders
of the Common Stock of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D)
the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation
or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory
share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary
or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be
filed at each office or agency maintained for the purpose of conversion of this Note, and shall cause to be delivered to the Holder at
its last address as it shall appear upon this Note Register, at least twenty (20) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective
date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution,
redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to
be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected
that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other
property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange, provided that the failure to
deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to
be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.
The Holder shall remain entitled to convert this Note during the 20-day period commencing on the date of such notice through the effective
date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

7.
Authorized Shares. The Company covenants that, during the period the Note is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized
and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Conversion Shares upon any conversion of this
Note. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Note shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with
the duty of issuing the necessary Conversion Shares upon any conversion of this Note. The Company will take all such reasonable action
as may be necessary to assure that such Conversion Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or
regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Conversion
Shares which may be issued upon any conversion this Note will, upon any conversion of this Note in accordance herewith, be duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable (which means that no further sums are required to be paid by the holders thereof in connection
with the issue thereof) and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than
taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

8

Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale
of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Note, but
will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Note against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
the Company will (i) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue
fully paid and nonassessable Conversion Shares upon the conversion of this Note and (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain
all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to
enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Note.

Before
taking any action that would result in an adjustment in the number of Conversion Shares into which this Note is convertible or in the
Conversion Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from
any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

8.
Reserved.

9.
Events of Default.

(a)
The occurrence of any one of the following events for any reason whatsoever (and whether such occurrence shall be voluntary or involuntary,
or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court, or any order, rule, or regulation of any administrative
or governmental body) shall constitute an Event of Default:

(i)
any default in the payment of the principal or interest on or other payments owing in respect of this Note as and when the same shall
become due and payable (whether on a Conversion Date, the Maturity Date, by acceleration or otherwise);

(ii)
the Company fails for any reason to deliver or to cause the Transfer Agent to deliver to the Holder the Conversion Shares subject to
a Conversion Notice by the applicable Delivery Date in accordance with Section 4(a), and such failure shall not have been remedied
within three (3) Trading Days after the date on which notice of such failure shall have been given;

(iii)
the Company shall fail to observe or perform any other covenant, agreement or warranty contained in, or otherwise commit any breach of
this Note, the Settlement Agreement or any other Transaction Document, and such failure or breach shall not, if subject to the possibility
of a cure by the Company, have been remedied within ten (10) Trading Days after the date on which notice of such failure or breach shall
have been given;

(iv)
if, at any time this Note is outstanding, there is not an effective registration statement permitting the resale of the Conversion Shares
then issuable hereunder and the Conversion Shares shall not eligible for resale by the Holder pursuant to Rule 144;

(v)
the Company or any Subsidiary shall default in any of its obligations under any mortgage, credit agreement or other facility, indenture
agreement, factoring agreement or other instrument under which there may be issued, or by which there may be secured or evidenced any
indebtedness for borrowed money or money due under any long term leasing or factoring arrangement of the Company in an amount exceeding
$150,000, whether such indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter be created and such default shall result in such indebtedness becoming
or being declared due and payable prior to the date on which it would otherwise become due and payable;

9

(vi)
the Common Stock shall not be eligible for quotation on or quoted for trading on a Trading Market and shall not again be eligible for
and quoted or listed for trading thereon within ten (10) Trading Days;

(vii)
a Commission or judicial stop trade order or trading suspension by the primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock that lasts
for five (5) or more consecutive Trading Days; or

(viii)
the Company shall commence or there shall be commenced against the Company a case under any applicable bankruptcy or insolvency laws
as now or hereafter in effect or any successor thereto, or the Company commences any other proceeding under any reorganization, arrangement,
adjustment of debt, relief of debtors, dissolution, insolvency or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction whether now or hereafter
in effect relating to the Company or any Subsidiary thereof or there is commenced against the Company or any Subsidiary thereof any such
bankruptcy, insolvency or other proceeding which remains undismissed for a period of sixty (60) days; or the Company or any Subsidiary
thereof is adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt; or any order of relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding is entered;
or the Company or any Subsidiary thereof suffers any appointment of any custodian or the like for it or any substantial part of its property
which continues undischarged or unstayed for a period of sixty (60) days; or the Company or any Subsidiary thereof shall by any act or
failure to act indicate its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any of the foregoing; or any corporate or other action is taken
by the Company or any Subsidiary thereof for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing.

(b)
Remedies Upon Event of Default. Subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation as set forth in Section 5, if any Event
of Default occurs, then the outstanding Principal Amount of this Note, liquidated damages and other amounts owing in respect thereof
through the date of acceleration, shall become, at the Holders election by written notice to the Company, immediately due and
payable, at the Holders option, either (i) in cash in the amount of the Mandatory Default Amount or (ii) by delivery to the Holder
of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Mandatory Default Amount divided by the lesser of (x) the Conversion Price as of the
date the Mandatory Default Amount is demanded or otherwise due and (y) the Conversion Price as of the date such shares are delivered
to the Holder. Upon the payment in full of the Mandatory Default Amount in cash or in shares of Common Stock, the Holder shall promptly
surrender this Note to or as directed by the Company. In connection with such acceleration described herein, the Holder need not provide,
and the Company hereby waives, any presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind (other than the Holders election to
declare such acceleration), and the Holder may immediately and without expiration of any grace period enforce any and all of its rights
and remedies hereunder and all other remedies available to it under applicable law. Such acceleration may be rescinded and annulled by
Holder at any time prior to payment hereunder and the Holder shall have all rights as a holder of this Note until such time, if any,
as the Holder receives full payment pursuant to this Section 9(b). No such rescission or annulment shall affect any subsequent
Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon.

10.
Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will
be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Note. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation
for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Note and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense
in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

10

11.
No Waiver of Holders Rights, etc. All payments of principal and interest shall be made without setoff, deduction, or counterclaim.
No delay or failure on the part of the Holder in exercising any of its options, powers, or rights, nor any partial or single exercise
of its options, powers or rights shall constitute a waiver thereof or of any other option, power or right, and no waiver on the part
of the Holder of any of its options, powers or rights shall constitute a waiver of any other option, power or right. The Company hereby
waives presentment of payment, protest, and notices or demands in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default or endorsement
of this Note. Acceptance by the Holder of less than the full amount due and payable hereunder shall in no way limit the right of the
Holder to require full payment of all sums due and payable hereunder in accordance with the terms hereof.

12.
Costs and Expenses. If the Holder shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Note, and provided
the Holder prevails in such action, suit or proceeding, the Company shall pay (and shall indemnify and hold harmless the Holder from
and against), all reasonable attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Holder in connection with the investigation, preparation
and prosecution of such action, suit or proceeding.

13.
Cumulative Rights and Remedies; Usury. The rights and remedies of the Holder expressed herein are cumulative and not exclusive
of any rights and remedies otherwise available. If it shall be found that any interest outstanding hereunder shall violate applicable
laws governing usury, the applicable rate of interest outstanding hereunder shall be reduced to the maximum permitted rate of interest
under such law.

14.
Partial Invalidity. In the case any provision of this Note is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be excessive in scope
or otherwise invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, so that its enforceable to the
maximum extent possible, and the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Note will not in any way be affected
impaired thereby.

15.
Amendment; Waiver. No term or provision contained herein may be modified, amended or waived except by written agreement or consent
signed by the Company and the Holder.

16.
Successors and Assigns. This Note shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and shall inure to the benefit of the Holder
and its successors and assigns. The term Holder as used herein, shall also include any endorsee, assignee or other
holder of this Note.

17.
Lost or Stolen Note. If this Note is lost, stolen, mutilated or otherwise destroyed, the Company shall execute and deliver to
the Holder a new promissory note containing the same terms, and in the same form, as this Note. In such event, the Company may require
the Holder to deliver to the Company an affidavit of lost instrument and customary indemnity in respect thereof as a condition to the
delivery of any such new promissory note.

18.
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

11

19.
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holder hereunder including, without limitation,
any Conversion Notice, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier
service, addressed to the Company, at 1061 E. Indiantown Rd., Ste. 110, Jupiter, FL 33477, Attention: Jarrett Boon, Chief Executive officer,
email address: jboon@drinksafetyshot.com, or such other email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice
to the Holder. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing
and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to the Holder, at 11700 West
Charleston Blvd. #170-659, Las Vegas, NV 89135, Attention: Michael Bigger, email address: michael@biggercapital.com, or such other email
address or address of the Holder as the Holder may specify for such purposes by notice to the Company. Any notice or other communication
or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication
is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii)
the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set
forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii)
the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual
receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains,
material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the
Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

20.
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Note shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Note (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders,
partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York.
Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York,
Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby
or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is
not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient
venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Note and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient
service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any
other manner permitted by law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this paragraph shall limit or restrict the federal district
court in which a Holder may bring a claim under the federal securities laws.

21.
Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL
BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION, CAUSE OF ACTION OR PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS
NOTE OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER, IN EACH CASE WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING, AND IRRESPECTIVE OF WHETHER
SOUNDING IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE.

12

22.
Definitions. As used herein, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required
by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally
are open for use by customers on such day.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, $0.001 par value per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Mandatory
Default Amount means the sum of (i) the greater of (A) 120% of the outstanding principal amount of the Note, and (B) the outstanding
principal amount of the Note, divided by the Conversion Price on (x) the date the Mandatory Default Amount is demanded or otherwise due
or (y) the date the Mandatory Default Amount is paid in full, whichever is less, multiplied by the VWAP of the Common Stock on
(x) the date the Mandatory Default Amount is demanded or otherwise due or (y) the date the Mandatory Default Amount is paid in full,
whichever is greater, and (ii) all other amounts, costs, expenses and liquidated damages due hereunder.

Note
Register shall mean the register maintained by the Company, which includes a list of the name and address of the Holder, as
well as the outstanding principal amount and interest amount owing to such Holder from time to time.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Rule
144 means Rule 144 under the Securities Act.

Settlement
Agreement means that certain Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release dated as of January 20, 2025, by and between the Company
and Bigger Capital LLC.

13

Stockholder
Approval means such approval as may be required by the applicable rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Capital Market (or any
successor entity) from the stockholders of the Company with respect to the transactions contemplated hereunder, including, without limitation,
the issuance of all of the Conversion Shares issuable hereunder in excess of 19.99% of the issued and outstanding Common Stock on the
Issue Date, at a price less than the market value of the Common Stock on the Issue Date.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed
or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means a day on which the Common Stock is traded on a Trading Market.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange, OTCQB or OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means (i) this Note, (ii) the Settlement Agreement, (iii) that certain Secured Convertible Note dated as of January
20, 2025 in the principal amount of $1,750,000 issued by the Company to Bigger Capital LLC (the Secured Note), (iv)
that certain Warrant to Purchase Common Stock dated as of January 20, 2025 issued by the Company to Bigger Capital LLC, and any other
agreements, instruments or documents delivered in connection with the Settlement Agreement.

Transfer
Agent means ClearTrust, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 16540 Pointe Village Dr.,
Suite 210, Lutz, FL 33558 and an email address of kara@cleartrusttransfer.com, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or
a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of Common Stock
so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected
in good faith by the Holder and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

********************

[Signature
Page Follows]

14

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Convertible Note to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first set forth above.

SAFETY
SHOT, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

15

EXHIBIT
A

NOTICE
OF CONVERSION

The
undersigned hereby elects to convert the principal amount and interest indicated below of the attached Convertible Note into shares of
common stock, $0.001 par value (the Common Stock or Conversion Shares), of Safety Shot, Inc.,
according to the conditions hereof, as of the date written below. No fee will be charged to the Holder for any conversion.

Date
to Effect Conversion: 

Principal
Amount and Interest of Convertible
Note to be Converted: 

Applicable
Conversion Price: 

Number
of shares of Common Stock to be Issued: 

Please
issue said Conversion Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Conversion
Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

Name
of Holder (Please Print) 

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Holder 

Name
of Authorized Signatory 

Title
of Authorized Signatory 

Date: 

-Exhibit A- 

EXHIBIT
B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the
foregoing Note, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to convert the Note into Conversion Shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED,
the foregoing Note and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to:

Name: 

(Please
Print)

Address: 

(Please
Print)

Phone
Number: 

Email
Address: 

Dated: 

Holders
Signature: 

Holders
Address: 

-Exhibit B- 

EXHIBIT
C

LOAN SCHEDULE

Convertible Note Issued by Safety Shot, Inc.

Dated: July 21, 2025

SCHEDULE

OF

CONVERSIONS AND PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL

Date
of Conversion Amount
of Conversion Total
Amount Due Subsequent To Conversion

-Exhibit C-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex10-6.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.6

SAFETY
SHOT, INC. CONSULTING AGREEMENT

January
___, 2025

VIA
MAIL

Mr.
Antonis Palikrousis

Chairman]

Blue
Capital Assets, S.A.

palicruise@gmail.com

Dear
Mr. Mr. Palikrousis:

Safety
Shot, Inc. (the Company) wishes to obtain the services of Blue Capital Assets, S.A. LLC, a United Arab Emirates limited
company in Dubai (Consultant, or you) as a consultant. You and the Company agree with each other that this
agreement (the Agreement) contains the terms and conditions relating to the services that you are to provide and the consideration
therefor.

1.
Duties. You agree to diligently perform the services reasonably requested by the Company, including the duties and tasks described
on Exhibit A attached hereto (the Services) as directed by the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
of the Company.

2.
Term. This Agreement is for a five (5) year term commencing on February 1, 2025 (the Effective Date) and ending
on February 1, 2030 (the Term). Either you or the Company may terminate this Agreement for cause by providing 30-days
notice of the breach of the Agreement. The other party shall have thirty (30) days in which to cure the breach. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the provisions of Sections 3-12 shall survive any termination of this Agreement.

3.
Consideration. As full and exclusive consideration for all Services to be rendered and performed under this Agreement, you
will receive the consideration specified on Exhibit A.

4.
Expenses. You shall be reimbursed for all reasonable out-of-pocket business expenses incurred on behalf of the Company provided
that the expenses are approved in advance by your supervisor, and you submit itemized expense reports in accordance with the Companys
procedures for reimbursable business expenses.

1

5.
Ownership of Intellectual Property.

a.
Work For Hire: Subject to the terms set forth in Section 5(b), Consultant agrees and acknowledges that all Services provided for and
on behalf of the Company, including, without limitation, all ideas, themes, promotional, advertising, work product, releases, marketing
materials, designs, and all other materials developed, created and/or provided by Consultant in the furtherance of Services performed
on behalf of the Company under this Agreement (collectively, the Works) shall constitute works made for hire,
and that all right, title, and interest in and to the Works, and any and all derivative works made, or which possibly could be made,
therefrom shall solely and exclusively be owned by the Company in perpetuity and throughout the world. In furtherance thereof, except
as otherwise set forth in Section 5(b), Consultant shall neither have, nor lay claim to any right, title, or interest in and to any Works
created hereunder. Without limiting the foregoing, the Company shall have the unrestricted, perpetual, and worldwide right, but not the
obligation, to use, distribute, sell, copy, reproduce, and exploit the Works, and all material contained therein, by any method and by
any medium, now known or hereafter created; provided, however, this Section 5(a) shall not apply to any Consultant Intellectual Property
(as defined herein).

b.
Consultant Intellectual Property: Notwithstanding the terms set forth in Section 5(a), the Company acknowledges that the Services delivered
by Consultant under this Agreement may utilize, incorporate, or otherwise make use of the general know-how, intellectual property, improvements,
ideas, inventions, processes, techniques, discoveries, programs, designs, technology, tools, software, documentation, information, trade
secrets, business interests, proprietary information, and other materials developed, created or otherwise used by Advisor: (i) prior
to the Effective Date, (ii) that are independently developed, created or otherwise used by Consultant outside of the Services contemplated
by this Agreement, and/or (iii) that are otherwise not exclusively related to Consultants performance of Services on behalf of
the Company under this Agreement (collectively, the Consultant Intellectual Property). All right, title and interest
in and to all Consultant Intellectual Property shall be the sole and exclusive property of Consultant and shall vest and/or continue
to vest in Consultant, regardless of whether such Consultant Intellectual Property is used in connection with Consultants performance
of Services under this Agreement. Consultant shall be and remain the sole owner and/or licensee of the Consultant Intellectual Property;
provided, during the Term of this Agreement and thereafter, Consultant hereby grants to the Company a non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable,
irrevocable, worldwide, fully paid-up license (with rights to sublicense through multiple tiers of sublicensees) to fully use, practice
and exploit all patent, copyright, moral rights, mask works, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights relating to the Consultant
Intellectual Property, solely as used in the Works in order for the Company to maintain, update, or otherwise use the Works for its intended
purpose. Consultant does not grant to the Company any other license to use, execute, reproduce, display, perform, distribute copies of,
or prepare derivative works of the Consultant Intellectual Property and does not authorize any other person or entity to do any or all
of the foregoing in connection with the Companys use of the Works. Nothing herein shall in any way limit Consultant from using
the Consultant Intellectual Property in connection with the provision of services to third parties.

2

6.
Independent Contractor; No Agency. It is agreed that your Services are made available to the Company on the basis that that your
relationship with the Company is solely that of an independent consultant or contractor. Accordingly, none of your employees will be
eligible for any employee benefits, nor will the Company make any deduction from your fees for taxes, insurance, bonds or any other subscription
of any kind. You are not an agent of the Company and do not have the authority to bind the Company, nor will you hold yourself out to
third parties as having the authority to bind the Company.

7.
Confidential Information: For purposes of this Agreement, the term Confidential Information shall mean certain valuable
information, including without limitation customer information, business plans, marketing, sales and other related information, specifications,
drawings, sketches, models, samples, data, financial information, contracts, vendors, employees, officers, directors, shareholders, notes,
computer programs, documentation, and other technical and business information, in written, oral, graphic or other tangible form which
is disclosed to you in written, graphic, recorded, photographic or any machine readable form or which is orally conveyed to you. You
covenant and agree that you will use Confidential Information only for the purposes of your work for the Company and shall not disclose
any Confidential Information to any person or persons outside of the Company. You further agree to store and maintain all Confidential
Information in a secure place. On the termination of this Agreement, you shall in your discretion either deliver all records, data, information,
and any other documents produced or acquired during the performance of this Agreement and all copies thereof to Company or destroy them.
Such material shall at all times remain the exclusive property of Company, unless otherwise agreed in writing. Upon termination, you
agree to make no further use of any Confidential Information.

It
is expressly understood that you shall not be liable for disclosure of any Confidential Information if the same: (a) was in the public
domain at the time it was disclosed to you; (b) is disclosed with the prior written approval of Company; (c) becomes known to you from
a source other than the Company without breach of this Agreement by you; or (d) is disclosed pursuant to the order or requirement of
a court, administrative agency, or other governmental body.

8.
Representations and Warranties. Each Party hereby represents, warrants and covenants that such Party is free to enter into
this Agreement and perform its respective duties and obligations hereunder. Each Party further represents and warrants that such Partys
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement will not result in any default under, conflict with, or constitute a breach of
any agreement entered into between such Party and a third party, or violate any law, rule, order, writ, judgment, regulation, award,
injunction, or decree binding on or affecting such Party.

3

9.
Indemnification.

a. Indemnification
by Advisor: Consultant agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Company and
the Companys employees, agents, representatives, principals, parents, subsidiaries,
affiliates, directors, and officers harmless from and against any and all third party claims,
actions, liabilities, damages, and out of pocket fees, costs and expenses (including, without
limitation, attorneys fees and costs)(each, a Claim) to the extent
that such Claim arises out of or relates to Consultants breach of any of Consultants
representations, warranties, covenants or agreements set forth in this Agreement; provided,
however, that in no event shall Consultant be required to indemnify the Company in the event
that such Claim is the result of the Company and/or the Companys designees
or other representatives willful misconduct, or failure to comply with the terms of
any agreement or contract entered into by the Company with any third party.

b. Indemnification
by The Company: The Company agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Consultant
and Consultants employees, agents, representatives, principals, parents, subsidiaries,
affiliates, directors and officers from and against any and all third party Claims to the
extent that such Claim arises out of or relates to: (i) the infringement, misappropriation
or violation of a third partys intellectual property rights, to the extent that the
infringing materials were: (a) not provided by Consultant, or (b) provided by Consultant,
but used in a manner not intended or directed by Consultant; (ii) breach of any of the Companys
representations, warranties, covenants or agreements set forth in this Agreement; (iii) any
Claims arising due to use of any of the Companys products or services; or (iv) any
violation of law by the Company or the Companys representatives. For the avoidance
of doubt, the absence of insurance shall not diminish the Companys obligations hereunder.

10.
Relationship of the Parties. The Company hereby engages Consultant strictly as an independent contractor for the purpose of providing
the Services. As an independent contractor, Consultant is free to provide similar services to other entities and/or individuals not affiliated
with the Company during the Term, and the provision of such services shall not be considered a breach of this Agreement. Consultant shall
coordinate the furnishing of the Services pursuant to this Agreement with the Company in such a way as to generally conform to the requests
and/or needs of the Company, but the method of performance, time of performance, place of performance, hours utilized in such performance,
and other details regarding the manner of performance of Consultants Services hereunder shall be within the sole control and discretion
of Consultant .

11.
Dispute Resolution. It is agreed that any dispute or controversy arising out of or relating to any interpretation, construction,
performance or breach of this Agreement, shall be exclusively governed by Florida law without reference to conflict of law provisions.
The parties further agree to submit to personal jurisdiction in the courts of the State of Florida, County of Palm Beach as such courts
shall serve as the exclusive venue for all dispute resolution. The prevailing party in any suit, action or proceeding arising out of
or relating in any way to this Agreement shall be entitled to receive as part of the judgment its reasonable attorneys fees, costs
and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) incurred in connection with such suit, action or proceeding.

4

12.
Miscellaneous.

(a)
Section headings set forth in this Agreement are employed in this Agreement for reference purposes only and shall not affect the interpretation
or meaning of this Agreement. Any notice or report required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be deemed given if delivered
by email. If to the Company, email to, Jarrett Boon jboon@drinksafetyshot.com and Scott Barlow, the Companys General Counsel
at scott@barlowlegal.net.

(b)
This Agreement constitutes the full and entire understanding and agreement between the parties with regard to the subject matter contained
herein. This Agreement may not be amended in any respect other than by a written instrument signed by both parties.

(c)
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida.

(d)
If any provision of this Agreement is found to be legally unenforceable, such unenforceability shall not prevent the enforcement of any
other provision hereof.

(e)
The Consultant shall not assign this Agreement or delegate any obligation hereunder without the prior written consent of the Company.

(f)
The failure by either party to insist upon strict performance of any of the obligations set forth in any provision of this Agreement
on any occasion shall not be deemed a waiver of such partys rights under that or any other provision hereof.

If
this Agreement as written is satisfactory to, it is requested that you execute and return the original and one copy to us, retaining
the third copy for your file.

Very truly yours,

SAFETY SHOT, INC.

By: 

Name: Jarrett Boon

Title: CEO

Dated: 

AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED: 

Blue Capital Assets, S.A. LLC 

By:

Name: Mr. Antonis Palikrousis 

Title: Chairman 

Date: January __, 2025 

5

EXHIBIT
A

Scope of Work: Company
hereby engages Blue Capital Assets, S.A. LLC (Blue Capital), and Blue Capital accepts the Companys
engagement to provide the Company with the Services as directed and at the discretion of Companys Chairman and CEO
in all areas of investor relations.

Consideration: In
exchange for Blue Capitals agreement to perform the Services, Blue Capital shall receive
4,545,454 options to purchase common shares of Safety Shot (the Options) at
.44 cents per share. The Options shall vest in equal six-month installments such that 2,272,727
Options shall vest on August 1, 2025, and 2,272,727 Options shall vest on February 1, 2026.
The Options shall have a five-year term.

6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>shot-20250118.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>shot-20250118_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>shot-20250118_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock [Member] 

Warrants, each exercisable for one share of Common Stock at $8.50 per share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>shot-20250118_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 18, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 18, 2025

Entity File Number 001-39569

Entity Registrant Name SAFETY
SHOT, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001760903

Entity Tax Identification Number 83-2455880

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 1061
E. Indiantown Rd.

Entity Address, Address Line Two Ste. 110

Entity Address, City or Town Jupiter

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33477

City Area Code (561)

Local Phone Number 244-7100

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Common Stock [Member] 

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock

Trading Symbol SHOT

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants, each exercisable for one share of Common Stock at $8.50 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants,
each exercisable for one share of Common Stock at $8.50 per share

Trading Symbol SHOTW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=SHOT_WarrantsEachExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockAt8.50PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
3 
24 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://safetyshotofficial.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
shot-20250118.xsd 
shot-20250118_def.xml 
shot-20250118_lab.xml 
shot-20250118_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-003643-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001760903 

2025-01-18 
2025-01-18 

0001760903 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-01-18 
2025-01-18 

0001760903 

SHOT:WarrantsEachExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockAt8.50PerShareMember 

2025-01-18 
2025-01-18 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001760903 
8-K 
2025-01-18 
SAFETY SHOT, INC. 
DE 
001-39569 
83-2455880 
1061 E. Indiantown Rd. 
Ste. 110 
Jupiter 
FL 
33477 
(561) 
244-7100 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
SHOT 
NASDAQ 
Warrants, each exercisable for one share of Common Stock at $8.50 per share 
SHOTW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>