<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-018840.txt : 20250203
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-018840.hdr.sgml : 20250203
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250203063051
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-018840
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250203
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250203
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250203

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Tectonic Therapeutic, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001681087
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				810710585
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38537
		FILM NUMBER:		25580524

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		490 ARSENAL WAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 210
		CITY:			WATERTOWN
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02472
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(339) 666-3320

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		490 ARSENAL WAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 210
		CITY:			WATERTOWN
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02472

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AVROBIO, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180131

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AvroBio, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160729
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d843684d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000168108700016810872025-02-032025-02-03

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 3, 2025

TECTONIC THERAPEUTIC, INC.

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter)

Delaware 001-38537 81-0710585

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization) 

(Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

490 Arsenal Way, Suite 210

Watertown, Massachusetts 02472

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (339)666-3320

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share TECX The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

Securities Purchase Agreement 

On February 3, 2025, Tectonic Therapeutic, Inc. (the Company) entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with certain accredited investors (the Purchasers). The Purchase Agreement provides that, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, the Purchasers will purchase an aggregate of 3,689,465 shares (the Shares) of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (Common Stock), of the Company, at a price of $50.00 per Share to fund investors and $54.14 per Share to individual investors that are either an officer or director of the Company (the Private Placement). 

Gross proceeds from the Private Placement are expected to be approximately $185.0 million. The Private Placement is expected to close on or about February 5, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of the closing conditions referenced above. The Company expects the net proceeds from the Private Placement to be used for the advancement of its development pipeline, working capital and other general corporate purposes. 

TD Securities (USA) LLC, Leerink Partners LLC, Piper Sandler & Co. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC acted as placement agents for the Private Placement. The Company has agreed to pay the placement agents customary placement fees in their capacity as placement agents for the sale of the Shares to the Purchasers. 

The foregoing description of the Purchase Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the form of Purchase Agreement, a form of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Registration Rights Agreement 

On February 3, 2025, the Company entered into a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement) with the Purchasers, pursuant to which the Company agreed, among other things, to prepare and file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) a registration statement on Form S-1 to register for resale the Shares within 54 calendar days of the closing of the Private Placement, and to use reasonable best efforts to have the registration statement declared effective at the earliest possible date, but in any event no later than the earlier of (a) the 90th calendar day following the initial filing date or (b) the fifth business day after the date the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the SEC that the registration statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review. The Company also agreed to use reasonable best efforts to keep such registration statement effective until the earlier of the date the Shares covered by such registration statement have been sold or may be resold pursuant to Rule 144 without restriction. The Company has agreed to be responsible for all fees and expenses incurred in connection with the registration of the Shares. 

The Company has granted the Purchasers customary indemnification rights in connection with the registration statement. The Purchasers have also granted the Company customary indemnification rights in connection with the registration statement. 

The foregoing description of the Registration Rights Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the form of Registration Rights Agreement, a form of which is filed as Exhibit 10.2 hereto and incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 3.02 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities. 

The information contained above in Item 1.01 relating to the Private Placement is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02. Based in part upon the representations of the Purchasers in the Purchase Agreement, the offering and sale of the Shares will be made in reliance on the exemption afforded by Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and corresponding provisions of state securities or blue sky laws. The Shares have not been registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration with the SEC or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements. Each of the Purchasers has represented that it is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D of the Securities Act, that it is purchasing the Securities solely for the Purchasers own account and not for the account of others, and 

not with a view to the resale or distribution of any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act, and that the Purchaser has no present intention of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing the Securities in violation of the Securities Act. The sale of the Securities did not involve a public offering and was made without general solicitation or general advertising. 

Neither this Current Report on Form 8-K nor any exhibit attached hereto is an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company. 

Item 7.01 

Regulation FD Disclosure. 

On February 3, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the Private Placement. A copy of the press release is filed as Exhibit 99.1 hereto and incorporated by reference herein. 

The information furnished under this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or subject to the liabilities of that section or Sections 11 and 12(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The information in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any other filing with the SEC made by the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit

No. 

Description

10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement. 

10.2 Form of Registration Rights Agreement. 

99.1 Press release dated February 3, 2025. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including without limitation statements regarding the anticipated closing and use of proceeds of the Private Placement and the filing and timing of a resale registration statement. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, project, target, should, would, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions and expectations disclosed in these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including risks relating to market conditions, the satisfaction of the customary closing conditions and other risks described under the caption Risk Factors in the Companys Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 12, 2024, and its subsequent filings with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K speak only as of the date hereof, and the Company expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events or otherwise. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

TECTONIC THERAPEUTIC, INC.

By: 

/s/ Daniel Lochner

Daniel Lochner

Chief Financial Officer

Date: February 3, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d843684dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

FORM OF SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

This SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is dated as of February 3, 2025, by and among Tectonic
Therapeutic, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and each of the entities listed on Exhibit A attached to this Agreement (each, an Investor and together, the Investors). 

WHEREAS, the Company and the Investors are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities
registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act (defined below) and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act; 

WHEREAS, the Company desires to sell to the Investors, and each Investor desires to purchase from the Company, severally and not
jointly, upon the terms and subject to the conditions stated in this Agreement, shares (the Shares) of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock); and 

WHEREAS, contemporaneously with the sale of the Securities, the parties hereto will execute and deliver a Registration Rights
Agreement, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B, pursuant to which the Company will agree to provide certain registration rights in respect of the Shares under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws. 

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements, representations, warranties and covenants herein contained, the Company and
each Investor, severally and not jointly, agree as follows: 

1. Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms
shall have the following respective meanings: 

Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that,
directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person, as such terms are used in or construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act. 

Agreement has the meaning set forth in the recitals. 

Amended and Restated Bylaws means the bylaws of the Company, as currently in effect. 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation means the certificate of incorporation of the Company, as amended and
currently in effect. 

Benefit Plan or Benefit Plans means employee benefit plans as defined in
Section 3(3) of ERISA and all other employee benefit practices or arrangements, including, without limitation, any such practices or arrangements providing severance pay, sick leave, vacation pay, salary continuation for disability, retirement
benefits, deferred compensation, bonus pay, incentive pay, stock options or other stock-based compensation, hospitalization insurance, medical insurance, life insurance, scholarships or tuition reimbursements, maintained by the Company or to which
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is obligated to contribute for employees or former employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries. 

Board means the board of directors of the Company. 

Business Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States
or any day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close. 

Closing has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1. 

Closing Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.

Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

Common Stock has the meaning set forth in the recitals. 

Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company that would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time
Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive,
Common Stock. 

Company has the meaning set forth in the recitals. 

Disclosure Document has the meaning set forth in Section 5.3. 

Disqualification Event has the meaning set forth in Section 3.27. 

Drug Regulatory Agency means the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) or other foreign, state, local
or comparable governmental authority responsible for regulation of the research, development, testing, manufacturing, processing, storage, labeling, sale, marketing, advertising, distribution and importation or exportation of drug or biological
products and drug or biological product candidates. 

Environmental Laws has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.15. 

ERISA means the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
amended. 

Exchange Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and all of the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder. 

Financial Statements has the meaning set forth in Section 3.8. 

Fundamental Representations means the representations and warranties made by the Company in Sections 3.1 (Organization and
Power), 3.2 (Capitalization), 3.4 (Authorization), 3.5 (Valid Issuance), 3.6 (No Conflict), 3.7 (Consents), 3.8 (SEC Filings; Financial Statements), 3.18 (Nasdaq Stock Market), 3.19 (Sarbanes-Oxley Act), 3.23 (Price Stabilization of Common Stock),
3.24 (Investment Company Act), 3.25 (General Solicitation; No Integration or Aggregation), 3.26 (Brokers and Finders), 3.27 (Reliance by the Investors), 3.28 (No Disqualification Events), 3.29 (Other Covered Persons) and 3.30 (No Additional
Agreements).

2 

GAAP has the meaning set forth in Section 3.8.

Governmental Authorizations has the meaning set forth in Section 3.11. 

Health Care Laws has the meaning set forth in Section 3.21. 

Indemnified Person has the meaning set forth in Section 5.9. 

Intellectual Property has the meaning set forth in Section 3.12. 

Investor and Investors have the meanings set forth in the recitals. 

Issuer Covered Person has the meaning set forth in Section 3.27. 

Lock-Up Agreement means the Lock-Up
Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Company and each of the Companys directors and executive officers. 

Material Adverse Effect means any change, event, circumstance, development, condition, occurrence or effect that,
individually or in the aggregate, (a) was, is, or would reasonably be expected to be, materially adverse to the business, financial condition, properties, assets, liabilities, stockholders equity or results of operations of the Company
and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (b) materially delays or materially impairs the ability of the Company to timely comply, or prevents the Company from complying, with its obligations under this Agreement, the other Transaction
Agreements, or with respect to the Closing, or would reasonably be expected to do so. 

Nasdaq means the Nasdaq Stock
Market LLC. 

National Exchange means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or
quoted for trading on the date in question, together with any successor thereto: the NYSE American, The New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market and the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

Person means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, business trust, joint stock company,
trust, unincorporated association, joint venture or any other entity or organization. 

Placement Agent(s) means TD
Securities (USA) LLC, Leerink Partners LLC, Piper Sandler & Co. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC. 

Preferred
Stock means the Companys shares of preferred stock. 

Registration Rights Agreement has the meaning set
forth in Section 6.1(j). 

Regulatory Agencies has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.20. 

3 

Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the SEC pursuant to the Securities
Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC having substantially the same effect as such Rule. 

SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

SEC Reports means (a) the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-4,
which was declared effective by the SEC on May 3, 2024, (b) the Companys most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K and (c) all Quarterly Reports on Form
10-Q or Current Reports on Form 8-K filed or furnished (as applicable) by the Company following the end of the most recent fiscal year for which an Annual Report on Form
10-K has been filed and prior to the execution of this Agreement, together in each case with any documents incorporated by reference therein or exhibits thereto. 

Securities means the securities offered pursuant to this Agreement. 

Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and all of the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. 

Shares has the meaning set forth in the recitals. 

Short Sales include, without limitation, (a) all short sales as defined in Rule 200 promulgated under
Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act, whether or not against the box, and all types of direct and indirect stock pledges, forward sale contracts, options, puts, calls, short sales, swaps, put equivalent positions (as defined in Rule 16a-1(h) under the Exchange Act) and similar arrangements (including on a total return basis), and (b) sales and other transactions through non-U.S. broker dealers or non-U.S. regulated brokers (but shall not be deemed to include the location and/or reservation of borrowable shares of Common Stock), in each case, solely to the extent it has the same economic effect as a
short sale (as defined in Rule 200 promulgated under Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act). 

Subsidiaries
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1. 

Tax Returns means returns, reports, information
statements and other documentation (including any additional or supporting material) filed or maintained, or required to be filed or maintained, in connection with the calculation, determination, assessment or collection of any Tax and shall include
any amended returns required as a result of examination adjustments made by the Internal Revenue Service or other Tax authority. 

Tax or Taxes means any and all federal, state, local, foreign and other taxes, levies, fees, imposts,
duties and charges of whatever kind (including any interest, penalties or additions to the tax imposed in connection therewith or with respect thereto), whether or not imposed on the Company, including, without limitation, taxes imposed on, or
measured by, income, franchise, profits or gross receipts, and also ad valorem, value added, sales, use, service, real or personal property, capital stock, license, payroll, withholding, employment, social security, workers compensation,
unemployment compensation, utility, severance, production, excise, stamp, occupation, premium, windfall profits, transfer and gains taxes and customs duties. 

4 

Trading Day means a day on which the National Exchange on which the
Common Stock is listed or quoted is open for trading. 

Transaction Agreements means this Agreement and the Registration
Rights Agreement. 

Transfer Agent means, with respect to the Common Stock, Computershare Trust Company, LLC or such
other financial institution that provides transfer agent services as the Company may engage from time to time. 

2. Purchase and
Sale of Securities. 

2.1 Purchase and Sale. On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth
herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the Investors, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase, the number of Shares, for the price per Share and aggregate purchase price, set forth opposite the Investors name on Exhibit A.

2.2 Closing. Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Section 5.6 of this
Agreement, the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities (the Closing and the date on which the Closing occurs, the Closing Date) shall occur remotely via the exchange of documents and signatures at
such time as agreed to by the Company and the Investors but (i) in no event earlier than the second Business Day after the date of this Agreement and (ii) in no event later than the fifth Business Day after the date of this Agreement. At
the Closing, the Shares shall be issued and registered in the name of the Investor, or in such nominee name(s) as designated by such Investor, representing the number of Shares to be purchased by the Investor at such Closing as set forth in
Exhibit A in each case against payment to the Company of the purchase price therefor in full, by wire transfer to the Company of immediately available funds, at or prior to the Closing, in accordance with wire instructions provided by the
Company to the Investors no less than one Business Day prior to the Closing. On the Closing Date, the Company will cause the Transfer Agent to issue the Shares in book-entry form, free and clear of all restrictive and other legends (except as
expressly provided in Section 4.10). Notwithstanding the foregoing and anything in this Agreement to the contrary, as may be agreed to among the Company and one or more Investors, if an Investor affirmatively notifies the
Company on or prior to the date hereof that it is (1) an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, (2) advised by an investment adviser subject to regulation under the Investment Advisers Act of
1940, as amended, or (3) otherwise subject to internal policies and/or procedures relating to the timing of funding and issuance of securities that would require it, such Investor shall not be required to wire its Aggregate Purchase
Price as set forth on Exhibit A until it confirms receipt on the Closing Date of evidence of the issuance of such Investors Shares from the Transfer Agent in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Investor. In the event
that the Closing has not occurred within two Business Days after the expected Closing Date, unless otherwise agreed by the Company and such Investor, the Company shall promptly (but no later than two Business Days thereafter) return the previously
wired amounts to each respective Investor by wire transfer of United States dollars in immediately available funds to the account specified by each Investor, and any book entries for the Securities shall be deemed cancelled; provided that, unless
this Agreement has been terminated pursuant to Section 7, such return of funds shall not terminate this Agreement or relieve such Investor of its obligation to purchase, or the Company of its obligation to issue and

5 

sell, the Securities at the Closing. Subsequent to Closing, upon request of an Investor, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to such Investor within five (5) Business Days of
such request a book-entry statement of account from the Companys transfer agent reflecting the issuance of the Securities. 

3. Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports (other than as to the Fundamental
Representations, which are not so qualified), the Company hereby represents and warrants to each of the Investors and the Placement Agents that the statements contained in this Section 3 are true and correct as of the date
of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date (except for the representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date, which shall be made as of such date). 

3.1 Organization, Good Standing, Corporate Power and Qualification. The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has all requisite corporate power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and as presently proposed to be conducted. The Company is duly qualified to transact
business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the failure to so qualify would have a Material Adverse Effect. As of the date hereof, the Company has the following subsidiaries: AVRIOBIO Inc., AVROBIO Australia Pty Ltd, AVROBIO
Securities Corporation, Tectonic Therapeutic Pty Ltd., Tectonic Therapeutic Securities Corp. and Tectonic Operating Company, Inc. (the Subsidiaries).Each of the Subsidiaries is (i) duly incorporated and validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and has the requisite power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and to own or lease its properties and (ii) qualified to do business as a
foreign corporation and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, except in each case as would not cause a Material Adverse Effect. 

3.2 Capitalization. The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 150,000,000 shares of Common Stock and 10,000,000
shares of Preferred Stock. The Companys disclosure of its authorized, issued and outstanding capital stock in the most recent SEC Report containing such disclosure was accurate in all material respects as of the date indicated in such SEC
Reports and the Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Companys stock option plans. All of the
issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable. None of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company were issued in
violation of any preemptive or other similar rights of any securityholder of the Company which have not been waived, and such shares were issued in compliance in all material respects with applicable state and federal securities law and any rights
of third parties. The issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Investors). No further approval or authorization of
any stockholder, the Board or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There are no securities or instruments issued by or to which the Company is a party containing anti-dilution or similar provisions that will be triggered
by the issuance of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement. 

6 

3.3 Registration Rights. Except as set forth in the Transaction Agreements or
as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company is presently not under any obligation, and has not granted any rights, to register under the Securities Act any of the Companys presently outstanding securities or any of its securities that may
hereafter be issued, other than such rights and obligations that have expired or been satisfied or waived. 

3.4 Authorization. All corporate action required to be taken by the Board and stockholders of the Company in order to authorize
the Company to enter into this Agreement and to issue the Securities at the Closing has been taken or will be taken prior to the Closing. A committee of the Board comprised solely of independent directors who are not Investors or Affiliates of any
Investor has approved the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreements. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Agreements and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreements by the Company have been
duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company. All action on the part of the Board and officers of the Company necessary for the execution and delivery of the Transaction Agreements, the performance of all obligations
of the Company under this Agreement to be performed as of the Closing, the issuance and delivery of the Securities has been taken or will be taken prior to the Closing. This Agreement, when executed and delivered by the Company, assuming the due
authorization, execution and delivery by each Investor and that this Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding agreement of each applicable Investor, shall constitute a valid and legally binding obligation of the Company, enforceable
against the Company in accordance with its terms except (i) as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance, or other laws of general application relating to or affecting the enforcement of
creditors rights generally, or (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable remedies. Upon its execution by the Company and the other parties thereto and assuming that
it constitutes legal, valid and binding agreements of the other parties thereto, the Registration Rights Agreement will constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms,
except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws relating to or affecting creditors generally or by general equity principles (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered
in a proceeding in equity or at law). Any member of the Board who is an Investor or an Affiliate of an Investor abstained from all votes of the Board (or any committee of the Board) pricing and approving the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Agreements. 

3.5 Valid Issuance. The Shares, when issued, sold and delivered to the Investors in accordance with
the terms and for the consideration set forth in this Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free of all encumbrances and restrictions on transfer (other than those as provided in the Transaction Agreements or
restrictions on transfer under applicable state and federal securities laws). The holder of the Shares shall be entitled to all rights accorded to a holder of Common Stock. Subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties made by the
Investors in Section 4, the offer and sale of the Securities to the Investors is and will be in compliance with applicable exemptions from (i) the registration and prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act
and (ii) the registration and qualification requirements of applicable securities laws of the states of the United States. 

7 

3.6 No Conflict.The execution, delivery and performance of the
Transaction Agreements by the Company, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation of the other transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreements do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or Amended and Restated Bylaws, (ii) conflict with or result in a violation of or default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right of termination,
cancellation or acceleration of any obligation, a change of control right or to a loss of a benefit under any agreement or instrument, credit facility, franchise, license, judgment, order, statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulations, applicable to
the Company or any Subsidiary or their respective properties or assets, or (iii) conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental
authority to which the Company or any Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations) and the rules and regulations of any self-regulatory organization to which the Company or its securities are subject, or by
which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, except, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect. 

3.7 Consents. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Investors in
Section 4, no consent, approval, authorization, filing with or order of or registration with, any court or governmental agency or body is required in connection with the authorization, execution or delivery by the Company of the Transaction
Agreements, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the performance by the Company of its other obligations under the Transaction Agreements, except such as (a) have been or will be obtained or made under the Securities Act or the Exchange
Act, (b) the filing of any requisite notices and/or application(s) to the National Exchange for the issuance and sale of the Shares and the listing of the Shares for trading or quotation, as the case may be, thereon in the time and manner
required thereby, (c) customary post-closing filings with the SEC or pursuant to state securities laws in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares by the Company in the manner contemplated herein, which will be filed on a timely basis,
(d) the filing of the registration statement required to be filed by the Registration Rights Agreement, or (e) such that the failure of which to obtain would not have a Material Adverse Effect. All notices, consents, authorizations,
orders, filings and registrations which the Company is required to deliver or obtain prior to the Closing pursuant to the preceding sentence have been obtained or made or will be delivered or obtained or effected, and shall remain in full force and
effect, on or prior to the Closing. 

3.8 SEC Filings; Financial Statements. 

(a) The Company has filed or furnished, as applicable, all forms, statements, certifications, reports and documents required to be
filed or furnished by it with the SEC under Section 13, 14(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act for the one year preceding the date of this Agreement. As of the time it was filed with the SEC (or, if amended or superseded by a filing prior to the
date of this Agreement, then on the date of such filing), each of the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Exchange Act , and, as of the time they were filed or furnished, none of the SEC Reports
contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. There
are no outstanding or unresolved comments from the SEC staff with respect to the SEC Reports. To the Companys knowledge, none of the SEC Reports are the subject of an ongoing SEC review. 

8 

(b) The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports
(collectively, the Financial Statements) comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing (or to the extent
corrected by a subsequent restatement) and fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company as of the dates indicated, and the results of its operations and cash flows for the periods therein specified, all
in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) (except as otherwise noted therein, and in the case of unaudited financial statements, as permitted by Form
10-Q of the SEC, and except that the unaudited financial statements may not contain footnotes and are subject to normal and recurring year-end adjustments) applied on a
consistent basis throughout the periods therein specified (unless otherwise noted therein). Except as set forth in the Financial Statements filed prior to the date of this Agreement, the Company has not incurred any liabilities, contingent or
otherwise, except (i) those incurred in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practices since the date of such Financial Statements or (ii) liabilities not required under GAAP to be reflected in the Financial Statements, in
either case, none of which, individually or in the aggregate, would not have had or would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

3.9 Absence of Changes. Since September 30, 2024, (a) the Company has conducted its business only in the ordinary course of
business and there have been no material transactions entered into by the Company (except for the execution and performance of this Agreement and the discussions, negotiations and transactions related thereto); (b) no material change to any material
contract or arrangement by which the Company is bound or to which any of its assets or properties is subject has been entered into that has not been disclosed in the SEC Reports; and (c) there has not been any other event or condition of any
character that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; provided, however, that none of the following will be deemed in themselves, either alone or in combination, to constitute, and that none of the following will
be taken into account in determining whether there has been or will be, a Material Adverse Effect under this Section 3.9: 

(a) any change generally affecting the economy, financial markets or political, economic or regulatory conditions in the United States
or any other geographic region in which the Company conducts business, provided that the Company is not disproportionately affected thereby; 

(b) general financial, credit or capital market conditions, including interest rates or exchange rates, or any changes therein,
provided that the Company is not disproportionately affected thereby; 

(c) any change that generally affects industries in which
the Company and its Subsidiaries conduct business, provided that the Company is not disproportionately affected thereby; 

9 

(d) earthquakes, hurricanes, tsunamis, tornadoes, floods, mudslides, fires or other
natural disasters, weather conditions, global pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic and related strains, epidemic or similar health emergency, and other force majeure events in the United States or any
other location, provided that the Company is not disproportionately affected thereby; 

(e) national or international political or
social conditions (or changes in such conditions), whether or not pursuant to the declaration of a national emergency or war, or the occurrence of any military or terrorist attack, provided that the Company is not disproportionately affected
thereby; 

(f) material changes in laws after the date of this Agreement; and 

(g) in and of itself, any material failure by the Company to meet any published or internally prepared estimates of revenues, expenses,
earnings or other economic performance for any period ending on or after the date of this Agreement (it being understood that the facts and circumstances giving rise to such failure may be deemed to constitute, and may be taken into account in
determining whether there has been, a Material Adverse Effect to the extent that such facts and circumstances are not otherwise described in clauses (a)-(e) of this Section 3.9). 

3.10 Absence of Litigation. There is no action, suit, proceeding, arbitration, claim, investigation, charge, complaint or
inquiry pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries which, individually or in the aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, nor are there any
orders, writs, injunctions, judgments or decrees outstanding of any court or government agency or instrumentality and binding upon the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that have had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect. 

3.11 Compliance with Law; Permits. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of, or has
received any notices of violations with respect to, any laws, statutes, ordinances, rules or regulations of any governmental body, court or government agency or instrumentality, except for violations which, individually or in the aggregate, have not
had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries have all required licenses, permits, certificates and other authorizations (collectively, Governmental Authorizations)
from such federal, state or local government or governmental agency, department or body that are currently necessary for the operation of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries as currently conducted, except where the failure to possess
currently such Governmental Authorizations has not had and is not reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any written (or, to the Companys knowledge, oral) notice regarding any
revocation or material modification of any such Governmental Authorization, which, individually or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, has or would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect. 

3.12 Intellectual Property. The Company and its Subsidiaries own, or have rights to use, all material inventions,
patent applications, patents, trademarks, trade names, service names, service marks, copyrights, trade secrets, know how (including unpatented and/or 

10 

unpatentable proprietary of confidential information, systems or procedures) and other intellectual property as described in the SEC Reports necessary for, or used in the conduct of their
respective businesses (including as described in the SEC Reports) (collectively, Intellectual Property), except where any failure to own, possess or acquire such Intellectual Property has not had, and would not, individually or in
the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Intellectual Property of the Company and its Subsidiaries has not been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part. To
the Companys knowledge: (i) there are no third parties who have rights to any Intellectual Property, including no liens, security interests, or other encumbrances; and (ii) there is no infringement by third parties of any
Intellectual Property, except, in each case, which, individually or in the aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No action, suit, or other proceeding is pending, or, to the Companys
knowledge, is threatened: (A) challenging the Companys or its Subsidiaries rights in or to any Intellectual Property; (B) challenging the validity, enforceability or scope of any Intellectual Property; or (C) alleging that
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries infringes, misappropriates, or otherwise violates any patent, trademark, trade name, service name, copyright, trade secret or other proprietary rights of others, except, in each case, which, individually or in
the aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries have complied in all material respects with the terms of each agreement pursuant to which Intellectual Property has
been licensed to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and to the Companys knowledge all such agreements are in full force and effect. To the Companys knowledge, there are no material defects in any of the patents or patent
applications included in the Intellectual Property. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken all reasonable steps to protect, maintain and safeguard their Intellectual Property. 

3.13 Employee Benefits. Except as would not be reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect, each Benefit Plan has
been established and administered in accordance with its terms and in compliance with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended, and other applicable laws, rules and regulations.
The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations regarding employment, except for any failures to comply that are not reasonably likely, individually or in the aggregate, to
have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no labor dispute, strike or work stoppage against the Company or its Subsidiaries pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened which may interfere with the business activities of the Company,
except where such dispute, strike or work stoppage is not reasonably likely, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

3.14 Taxes. There are no federal, state, county, local or foreign taxes due and payable by the Company that have not been timely
paid. There are no accrued and unpaid federal, state, county, local or foreign taxes of the Company that are due, whether or not assessed or disputed. There have been no examinations or audits of any Tax Returns or reports by any applicable federal,
state, local or foreign governmental agency. The Company has duly and timely filed all federal, state, county, local and foreign Tax Returns required to have been filed by it and there are in effect no waivers of applicable statutes of limitations
with respect to taxes for any year. At all times since inception, the Company has been and continues to be classified as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has been a United
States real property holding corporation within the meaning of Code Section 897(c)-2 during the period specified in Code Section 897(c)(1)(A)(ii). 

11 

3.15 Environmental Laws. Except as could not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect to the best of its knowledge (a) the Company is and has been in compliance with all Environmental Laws; (b) there has been no release or to the Companys knowledge threatened release of any pollutant,
contaminant or toxic or hazardous material, substance or waste or petroleum or any fraction thereof (each a Hazardous Substance), on, upon, into or from any site currently or heretofore owned, leased or otherwise used by the
Company; (c) there have been no Hazardous Substances generated by the Company that have been disposed of or come to rest at any site that has been included in any published U.S. federal, state or local superfund site list or any
other similar list of hazardous or toxic waste sites published by any governmental authority in the United States; and (d) there are no underground storage tanks located on, no polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) or PCB-containing equipment used or stored on, and no hazardous waste as defined by the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, as amended, stored on, any site owned or operated by the Company, except for the storage
of hazardous waste in compliance with Environmental Laws. The Company has made available to the Investors true and complete copies of all material environmental records, reports, notifications, certificates of need, permits, pending permit
applications, correspondence, engineering studies and environmental studies or assessments. None of the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received since September 30, 2024, any written notice or other communication (in writing or
otherwise), whether from a governmental authority or other Person, that alleges that the Company or any subsidiary is not in compliance with any Environmental Law and, to the knowledge of the Company, there are no circumstances that may prevent or
interfere with the Companys or any subsidiarys compliance in any material respects with any Environmental Law in the future, except where such failure to comply would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

3.16 Title. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has good and marketable title to all personal property owned by it that is
material to the business of the Company, free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and defects except such as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the
Company or its Subsidiaries, as the case may be. Any real property and buildings held under lease by the Company or its Subsidiaries is held under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions as are not material and do not interfere
with the use made and proposed to be made of such property and buildings by the Company or its Subsidiaries, as the case may be. The Company and its Subsidiaries do not own any real property. 

3.17 Insurance. The Company has in full force and effect insurance policies concerning such casualties as would be reasonable
and customary for companies like the Company, with extended coverage, and the Company reasonably believes such insurance coverage to be adequate against all liabilities, claims and risks against which it is customary for comparably situated
companies to insure. Other than customary end-of-policy notifications from insurance carriers, since September 30, 2024, the Company has not received any notice or
other communication regarding any actual or possible (i) cancellation or invalidation of any material insurance policy or (ii) refusal or denial of any coverage, reservation of rights or rejection of any material claim under any insurance
policy. 

12 

3.18 Nasdaq Stock Market. The issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock
are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and are listed for trading on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol TECX. The Company is in compliance with all listing requirements of Nasdaq applicable to the
Company. There is no suit, action, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company by Nasdaq or the SEC, respectively, to prohibit or terminate the listing of the Common Stock on the Nasdaq
Global Market or to deregister the Common Stock under the Exchange Act. The Company has taken no action that is designed to terminate the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act. The issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder does
not contravene the rules and regulations of Nasdaq. 

3.19 Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Company is, and since June 20, 2024
has been, in compliance in all material respects with all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC thereunder.

3.20 Clinical Data and Regulatory Compliance. Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect:
(i) the preclinical tests and clinical trials and other studies used to support regulatory approval (collectively, Studies) being conducted by the Company that are described in, or the results of which are referred to in, the
SEC Reports were (and, if still pending, are being) conducted in all material respects in accordance with the protocols, procedures and controls designed and approved for such Studies and with standard medical and scientific research procedures;
(ii) each description of the results of such Studies is accurate and complete in all material respects and fairly presents the data derived from such Studies, and the Company and its subsidiaries have no knowledge of any other studies the
results of which are inconsistent with, or otherwise call into question, the results described or referred to in the SEC Reports; (iii) the Company and its subsidiaries have made all such filings and obtained all such approvals as may be
required by the FDA or from any other U.S. federal, state or local government or foreign government or Drug Regulatory Agency, or Institutional Review Board, each having jurisdiction over biopharmaceutical products (collectively, the
Regulatory Agencies) for the conduct of its business as described in the SEC Reports; (iv) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received any notice of, or correspondence from, any of the Regulatory Agencies
requiring the termination or suspension of or imposing any clinical hold on any clinical trials that are described or referred to in the SEC Reports; and (v) the Company and its subsidiaries have each operated and currently are in compliance in
all material respects with all applicable rules, regulations and policies of the Regulatory Agencies. 

3.21 Compliance with
Health Care Laws. Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its subsidiaries are in compliance with all Health Care Laws to the extent applicable to the Companys current business.
For purposes of this Agreement, Health Care Laws means: (i) the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21U.S.C. Section 301 et seq.) and the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. Section 201 et seq.), and the
regulations promulgated thereunder; (ii) all applicable federal, state, local and foreign health care fraud and abuse laws, including, without limitation, the Anti-Kickback Statute (42 U.S.C.
Section 1320a-7b(b)); (iii) HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (42 U.S.C. Section 17921 et seq.); (iv) the Patient Protection and Affordable
Care Act of 2010, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010; (v) the European Union (EU) Clinical Trials Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 

13 

536/2014); (vi) the EU Regulation regarding community procedures for authorization and supervision of medicinal products for human and veterinary use and establishing a European Medicines Agency
(Regulation (EC) No. 726/2004); (vii) licensure, quality, safety and accreditation requirements under applicable federal, state, local or foreign laws or regulatory bodies; (viii) all other local, state, federal, national, supranational
and foreign healthcare laws, relating to the regulation of the Company or its subsidiaries, and (ix) the regulations promulgated pursuant to such statutes and any state or non-U.S. counterpart thereof.
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received written or, to the Companys knowledge, oral notice of any claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action from any court or
arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority or third party alleging that any product operation or activity is in material violation of any Health Care Laws nor, to the Companys knowledge, is any such claim, action, suit, proceeding,
hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action threatened. The Company and its subsidiaries have filed, maintained or submitted all material reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and
supplements or amendments as required by any Health Care Laws, and all such reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments were complete and accurate on the date filed in all material
respects (or were corrected or supplemented by a subsequent submission). Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to any corporate integrity agreements, monitoring agreements, consent decrees, settlement orders, or similar
agreements with or imposed by any governmental or regulatory authority. Additionally, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries nor any of their respective employees, officers, directors, or, to the knowledge of the Company, agents has been
excluded, suspended or debarred from participation in any U.S. federal health care program or human clinical research or, to the knowledge of the Company, is subject to a governmental inquiry, investigation, proceeding, or other similar action that
would reasonably be expected to result in debarment, suspension, or exclusion. 

3.22 Accounting Controls and Disclosure
Controls and Procedures. The Company maintains a system of internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange
Act) that is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP, including policies and procedures sufficient to provide
reasonable assurance (i) that the Company maintains records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the Companys transactions and dispositions of assets, (ii) that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, (iii) that receipts and expenditures are made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the Board and (iv) regarding prevention or timely detection of the
unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Companys assets that could have a material effect on the Companys financial statements. Except as disclosed in the Companys SEC Reports filed prior to the date of this Agreement,
the Company has not identified any material weaknesses in the design or operation of the Companys internal control over financial reporting. The Companys disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) are designed to provide reasonable assurance that all information (both financial and
non-financial) required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the
rules and forms of the SEC, and that all such information is accumulated and communicated to the Companys management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

14 

3.23 Price Stabilization of Common Stock. The Company has not taken, nor will
it take, and, to the Companys knowledge, no Person acting on its behalf has taken or intends to take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to stabilize or manipulate the price of the Common Stock to facilitate the sale or resale of the
Shares. 

3.24 Investment Company. The Company is not, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities will not
be, an investment company within the meaning of the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

3.25 General
Solicitation; No Integration or Aggregation. Neither the Company nor any other person or entity authorized by the Company to act on its behalf has engaged in a general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D of
the Securities Act) of investors with respect to offers or sales of Securities pursuant to this Agreement. The Company has not, directly or indirectly, sold, offered for sale, solicited offers to buy or otherwise negotiated in respect of, any
security (as defined in the Securities Act) which, to its knowledge, is or will be (i) integrated with the Securities sold pursuant to this Agreement for purposes of the Securities Act or (ii) aggregated with prior offerings by the Company
for the purposes of the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Global Market. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Investors set forth in Section 4, neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates, its Subsidiaries nor
any Person acting on their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any Company security or solicited any offers to buy any Company security, under circumstances that would adversely affect reliance by the Company on
Section 4(a)(2) and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder for the exemption from registration for the transactions contemplated hereby. 

3.26 Brokers and Finders. Other than the Placement Agents, neither the Company nor any other Person authorized by the Company to
act on its behalf has retained, utilized or been represented by any broker or finder in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

3.27 Reliance by the Investors. The Company has a reasonable basis for making each of the representations set forth in this
Section 3. The Company acknowledges that each of the Investors will rely upon the truth and accuracy of, and the Companys compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgements and understandings of the
Company set forth herein. 

3.28 No Disqualification Events. Neither the Company nor any of its (i) predecessors, (ii)
Affiliates, (iii) directors, (iv) executive officers, (v) non-executive officers participating in the placement contemplated by this Agreement, (vi) beneficial owners of 20% or more of its
outstanding voting equity securities (calculated on the basis of voting power), (vii) promoters or (viii) investment managers (including any of such investment managers directors, executive officers or officers participating in the
placement contemplated by this Agreement) or general partners or managing members of such investment managers (including any of such general partners or managing members directors, executive officers or officers participating in

15 

the placement contemplated by this Agreement) (each, an Issuer Covered Person and, together, Issuer Covered Persons) is subject to the disqualification
provisions of Rule 506(d)(1)(i-viii) of Regulation D under the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event). 

3.29 Other Covered Persons. Other than the Placement Agents, the Company is not aware of any person (other than any Issuer
Covered Person) that has been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any Securities. 

3.30 No Additional Agreements. There are no agreements or understandings between the Company and any Investor with respect to
the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreements other than (i) as specified in the Transaction Agreements and (ii) any side letter agreements with any of the Investors, which side letters the Company has shared with all
Investors and which, for the avoidance of doubt, do not contain terms (economic or otherwise) more favorable to such Investor. 

3.31 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Neither the Company, any of its Subsidiaries nor any of its or their respective directors,
officers, employees or agents have, directly or indirectly, made, offered, promised or authorized any payment or gift of any money or anything of value to or for the benefit of any foreign official (as such term is defined in the U.S.
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the FCPA)), foreign political party or official thereof or candidate for foreign political office for the purpose of (i) influencing any official act or decision of such
official, party or candidate, (ii) inducing such official, party or candidate to use his, her or its influence to affect any act or decision of a foreign governmental authority, or (iii) securing any improper advantage, in the case of (i),
(ii) and (iii) above in order to assist the Company or any of its affiliates in obtaining or retaining business for or with, or directing business to, any person. Neither the Company, any of its Subsidiaries nor any of their respective
directors, officers, employees or agents have made or authorized any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment of funds or received or retained any funds in violation of any law, rule or regulation. The Company
further represents that it has maintained, and has caused each of its Subsidiaries and affiliates to maintain, systems of internal controls (including, but not limited to, accounting systems, purchasing systems and billing systems) and written
policies to ensure compliance with the FCPA or any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption law, and to ensure that all books and records of the Company accurately and fairly reflect, in reasonable detail, all transactions and dispositions
of funds and assets. Neither the Company, any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any of their respective officers, directors or employees are the subject of any allegation, voluntary disclosure, investigation, prosecution or other
enforcement action related to the FCPA or any other anti-corruption law. 

3.32 Money Laundering. The operations of the
Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable money
laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws), and no claim, action, suit, proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), arbitration, complaint, charge or investigation by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending
or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened. 

16 

3.33 Data Privacy. In connection with its collection, storage, transfer, use
and/or disclosure of any information from any identifiable individuals including, without limitation, all information that constitutes personal information, personal data or personally identifiable information as
defined in applicable laws (collectively Personal Information) by or on behalf of the Company, the Company is and has been, in compliance with all applicable laws in all relevant jurisdictions, the Companys privacy policies,
and the requirements of any contract to which the Company is a party and with all industry standards to which the Company is bound or to which the Company has represented itself to comply (collectively, Privacy Requirements)
except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has implemented, maintains and has maintained reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures and policies designed to maintain and
protect all Personal Information collected, stored, transferred, used, maintained or controlled by or on behalf of the Company from and against unlawful or unauthorized access, destruction, loss, use, modification and/or disclosure, and the
integrity, availability continuous operation, redundancy and security of all of the Companys information technology assets and equipment, computers, systems, networks, hardware, software, websites, applications, and databases. Except as would
not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, the Company is and has been, in compliance with all laws relating to data loss, theft and breach of security notification obligations. The Company has not transferred or sold the
Personal Information to any third party and there are no outstanding agreements or arrangements that the Company is bound by, with any third party, for the sale, transfer, access, license, encumbrance or creation of any right over the Personal
Information. There has been no occurrence of unlawful, accidental or unauthorized destruction, loss, use, modification or disclosure of or access to Personal Information owned, stored, used, maintained or controlled by or on behalf of the Company
such that Privacy Requirements or any unauthorized access to or disclosure of the Companys confidential information or trade secrets that reasonably would be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

3.34 Transactions with Affiliates and Employees. No relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company, on
the one hand, and the directors, officers, stockholders, customers or suppliers of the Company, on the other hand, that is required to be described in the SEC Reports that is not so described. 

4. Representations and Warranties of Each Investor. Each Investor, severally for itself and not jointly with any other
Investor, represents and warrants to the Company and the Placement Agents that the statements contained in this Section 4 are true and correct as of the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date: 

4.1 Organization. The Investor is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of
its organization and has the requisite power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as now conducted. 

4.2 Authorization. The Investor has all requisite corporate or similar power and authority to enter into this Agreement and the
other Transaction Agreements to which it will be a party and to carry out and perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder. All corporate, 

17 

member or partnership action on the part of such Investor or its stockholders, members or partners necessary for the authorization, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the
other Transaction Agreements to which it will be a party and the consummation of the other transactions contemplated in this Agreement has been taken. The execution, delivery and performance by such Investor of the Transaction Agreements to which
such Investor is a party has been duly authorized and each has been duly executed. Assuming this Agreement constitutes the legal and binding agreement of the Company, this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Investor,
enforceable against such Investor in accordance with its respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited or otherwise affected by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and/or similar laws relating
to or affecting the rights of creditors generally or by general equity principles (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). 

4.3 No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Agreements by the Investor, the purchase of
the Securities in accordance with their terms and the consummation by the Investor of the other transactions contemplated hereby will not conflict with or result in any violation of, breach or default by such Investor (with or without notice or
lapse of time, or both) under, conflict with, or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation or acceleration of any obligation, a change of control right or to a loss of a material benefit under (i) any provision of the organizational
documents of the Investor, including, without limitation, its incorporation or formation papers, bylaws, indenture of trust or partnership or operating agreement, as may be applicable or (ii) any agreement or instrument, undertaking, credit
facility, franchise, license, judgment, order, ruling, statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulations, applicable to such Investor or its respective properties or assets, except, in the case of clause (ii), as would not, individually or in the
aggregate, be reasonably expected to materially delay or materially hinder the ability of the Investor to perform its obligations under the Transaction Agreements. 

4.4 Residency. The Investors residence (if an individual) or offices in which its investment decision with respect to the
Securities was made (if an entity) are located at the address immediately below the Investors name on its respective signature page hereto, except as otherwise communicated by the Investor to the Company. 

4.5 Brokers and Finders. The Investor has not retained, utilized or been represented by any broker or finder in connection with
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement whose fees the Company would be required to pay. 

4.6 Investment Representations
and Warranties. The Investor hereby represents and warrants that, it (i) as of the date of this Agreement is, if an entity, a qualified institutional buyer (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) or an institutional
accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) under Regulation D promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act; or (ii) if an individual, is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of
Regulation D of the Securities Act and has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be able to protect its own interests in connection with an investment in the Securities. The Investor further represents and warrants
that (x) it is capable of evaluating the merits and risk of such investment, and (y) that it has not been organized for the purpose of acquiring the Securities and is an institutional account as defined by FINRA Rule 4512(c).
The Investor understands and agrees that the offering and sale of the Securities has not been registered 

18 

under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities laws and is being made in reliance upon federal and state exemptions for transactions not involving a public offering which depend
upon, among other things, the bona fide nature of the investment intent and the accuracy of the Investors representations as expressed herein. 

4.7 Intent. The Investor is purchasing the Securities solely for the Investors own account and not for the account of
others, and not with a view to the resale or distribution of any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act, and the Investor has no present intention of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing the same in violation of
the Securities Act without prejudice, however, to the Investors right at all times to sell or otherwise dispose of all or any part of such Securities in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if the Investor is purchasing the Securities as a fiduciary or agent for one or more investor accounts, the Investor has full investment discretion with respect to each such account, and the full power and authority to make the
acknowledgements, representations and agreements herein on behalf of each owner of each such account. The Investor has no present arrangement to sell the Securities to or through any person or entity. The Investor understands that the Securities may
be required to be held indefinitely unless such Securities are resold pursuant to a registration statement under the Securities Act or an exemption from registration is available. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed a representation or warranty
by the Investor to hold the Securities for any period of time. 

4.8 Investment Experience; Ability to Protect Its Own Interests
and Bear Economic Risks. The Investor acknowledges that it can bear the economic risk and complete loss of its investment in the Securities and has knowledge and experience in finance, securities, taxation, investments and other business matters
as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of investments of the kind described in this Agreement and contemplated hereby, and the Investor has had an opportunity to seek, and has sought, such accounting, legal, business and tax advice as
the Investor has considered necessary to make an informed investment decision. The Investor acknowledges that the Investor (i) is a sophisticated investor, experienced in investing in private placements of equity securities and capable of
evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to all transactions and investment strategies involving a security or securities and (ii) has exercised independent judgment in evaluating its participation in the
purchase of the Securities. The Investor acknowledges that the Investor is aware that there are substantial risks incident to the purchase and ownership of the Securities, including those set forth in the Companys filings with the SEC. Alone,
or together with any professional advisor(s), the Investor has adequately analyzed and fully considered the risks of an investment in the Securities and determined that the Securities are a suitable investment for the Investor. The Investor is, at
this time and in the foreseeable future, able to afford the loss of the Investors entire investment in the Securities and the Investor acknowledges specifically that a possibility of total loss exists. 

4.9 Independent Investment Decision. The Investor understands that nothing in the Transaction Agreements or any other materials
presented by or on behalf of the Company to the Investor in connection with the purchase of the Securities constitutes legal, tax or investment advice. The Investor has consulted such legal, tax and investment advisors as it, in such Investors
sole discretion, has deemed necessary or appropriate in connection with its purchase of the Securities. 

19 

4.10 Securities Not Registered; Legends. The Investor acknowledges and agrees
that the Securities are being offered in a transaction not involving any public offering within the meaning of the Securities Act, and the Investor understands that the Securities have not been registered under the Securities Act, by reason of their
issuance by the Company in a transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, and that the Securities may not be offered, resold, transferred, pledged or otherwise disposed of by the Investor unless a subsequent
disposition thereof is registered under the Securities Act or is exempt from such registration and in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States. The Investor understands that the exemptions from
registration afforded by Rule 144 (the provisions of which are known to it) promulgated under the Securities Act depend on the satisfaction of various conditions including, but not limited to, the time and manner of sale, the holding period and on
requirements relating to the Company which are outside of the Investors control and which the Company may not be able to satisfy, and that, if applicable, Rule 144 may afford the basis for sales only in limited amounts. The Investor
acknowledges and agrees that it has been advised to consult legal counsel prior to making any offer, resale, transfer, pledge or disposition of any of the Securities. The Investor acknowledges that no federal or state agency has passed upon or
endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities or made any findings or determination as to the fairness of this investment. 

The
Investor understands that any certificates or book entry notations evidencing the Securities may bear one or more legends in substantially the following form and substance: 

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT),
OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES. THE SECURITIES HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED UNLESS (I) SUCH SECURITIES HAVE BEEN REGISTERED FOR SALE PURSUANT TO THE SECURITIES ACT,
(II) SUCH SECURITIES MAY BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, (III) THE COMPANY HAS RECEIVED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO IT THAT SUCH TRANSFER MAY LAWFULLY BE MADE WITHOUT REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR (IV) THE
SECURITIES ARE TRANSFERRED WITHOUT CONSIDERATION TO AN AFFILIATE OF SUCH HOLDER OR A CUSTODIAL NOMINEE (WHICH FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT SHALL REQUIRE NEITHER CONSENT NOR THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION). 

In addition, the Securities may contain a legend regarding affiliate status of the Investor, if applicable. 

4.11 No General Solicitation. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that the Investor is purchasing the Securities directly from
the Company. Investor became aware of this offering of the Securities solely by means of direct contact from the Placement Agents or directly from the Company as a result of a pre-existing, substantive
relationship with the Company or the Placement Agents, and/or their respective advisors (including, without limitation, attorneys, accountants, bankers, consultants and financial advisors), agents, control persons, representatives, affiliates,
directors, officers, managers, members, and/or employees, and/or the representatives of such persons. The Securities were offered to Investor solely by direct contact between Investor 

20 

and the Company, the Placement Agents and/or their respective representatives. Investor did not become aware of this offering of the Securities, nor were the Securities offered to Investor, by
any other means, and none of the Company, the Placement Agents and/or their respective representatives acted as investment advisor, broker or dealer to Investor. The Investor is not purchasing the Securities as a result of any general or public
solicitation or general advertising, or publicly disseminated advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television, radio or the internet or
presented at any seminar or any other general solicitation or general advertisement, including any of the methods described in Section 502(c) of Regulation D under the Securities Act. 

4.12 Access to Information. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that the Investor and the Investors professional
advisor(s), if any, have had the opportunity to ask such questions, receive such answers and obtain such information from the Company regarding the Company, its business and the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities as the Investor
and the Investors professional advisor(s), if any, have deemed necessary to make an investment decision with respect to the Securities and that the Investor has independently made its own analysis and decision to invest in the Company. Neither
such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigation conducted by the Investor shall modify, limit or otherwise affect the Investors right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement. 

4.13 Certain Trading Activities. Other than consummating the transaction contemplated hereby, the Investor has not, nor, to the
Investors knowledge, has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with the Investor, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period
commencing as of the time that the Investor was first contacted by the Company or any other Person regarding the transaction contemplated hereby and ending immediately prior to the date of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) in
the case of an Investor that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Investors assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by
the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Investors assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of the assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to
purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement and (ii) in the case of an Investor whose investment adviser utilized an information barrier with respect to the information regarding the transactions contemplated hereunder after first being
contacted by the Placement Agents, the Company or such other Person representing the Company, the representation set forth above shall only apply after the point in time when the portfolio manager who manages such Investors assets was informed
of the information regarding the transactions contemplated hereunder and, with respect to the Investors investment adviser, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of
the securities of the Company on behalf of other funds or investment vehicles for which the Investors investment adviser is also an investment adviser or subadviser after the point in time when the portfolio manager who manages the assets of
such other funds or investment vehicles for which the Investors investment adviser is also an investment adviser or sub-adviser was informed of the information regarding the transactions contemplated
hereunder. Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement and to its advisors and agents who had a need to know such information, the Investor has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in

21 

connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a
representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to the identification of the availability of, or securing of, available shares to borrow in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future. 

4.14 Disqualification Event. To the extent the Investor is one of the covered persons identified in Rule 506(d)(1), the Investor
represents that no Disqualification Event is applicable to the Investor or any of its Rule 506(d) Related Parties (as defined below), except, if applicable, for a Disqualification Event as to which Rule 506(d)(2)(ii) or (iii) or (d)(3) is
applicable. For purposes of this Section, Rule 506(d) Related Party means a person or entity that is a beneficial owner of the Investors securities for purposes of Rule 506(d) of the Securities Act. 

4.15 Disclosure of Reportable Events. Such Investor hereby acknowledges and agrees that such Investor has received and reviewed
the disclosure set forth on Schedule 4.15 hereto a reasonable time prior to the time that such Investor has agreed to purchase the Securities. 

5. Covenants. 

5.1 Further Assurances. Prior to and at the Closing, each party agrees to cooperate with each other and their respective
officers, employees, attorneys, accountants and other agents, and, generally, do such other reasonable acts and things in good faith as may be necessary to effectuate the intents and purposes of this Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement and compliance with applicable law, including taking reasonable action to facilitate the filing of any document or the taking of reasonable action to assist the other parties hereto in complying with the terms of this Agreement. The
Investor acknowledges that the Company and the Placement Agents will rely on the acknowledgments, understandings, agreements, representations and warranties contained in this Agreement. Prior to the Closing, the Investor agrees to promptly notify
the Company if any of the acknowledgments, understandings, agreements, representations and warranties set forth in Section 4 of this Agreement are no longer accurate and the Company agrees to promptly notify each Investor
if any of the acknowledgments, understandings, agreements, representations and warranties set forth in Section 3 of this Agreement are no longer accurate. 

5.2 Listing. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the listing and trading of its Common Stock on
the Nasdaq Global Market and, in accordance therewith, will use reasonable best efforts to comply in all material respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the rules and regulations of Nasdaq. 

5.3 Disclosure of Transactions. The Company shall, no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the first (1st) Business Day
immediately following the date of this Agreement (provided that, if this Agreement is executed between midnight and 9:00 a.m., New York City time on any Business Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. on the date hereof), issue a press release and/or file
with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K (including all exhibits thereto, the Disclosure Document, and the time of the actual issuance of such press release and/or filing of a Current
Report on Form 8-K, the Disclosure Time) disclosing (i) all material terms of the 

22 

transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Transaction Agreements and, in the case of a filing of a Current Report on Form 8-K, attaching this
Agreement and the other Transaction Agreements as exhibits to such Disclosure Document and (ii) all material, non-public information concerning the Company, the transactions contemplated hereby and by the
other Transaction Agreements disclosed to the Investors prior to the Disclosure Time. Following the Disclosure Time, no Investor shall be in possession of any material non-public information concerning the
Company disclosed to the Investors by the Placement Agents, the Company or any of its directors, officers, employees, officers or other representatives. The Company understands and confirms that the Investors will rely on the foregoing
representation in effecting securities transactions. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall not disclose the name of any Investor or any of its affiliates or advisers, or include the name of any Investor or any
of its affiliates or advisers in any marketing materials, press release, public announcement or filing with the SEC (other than any registration statement contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement) or any regulatory agency, without the prior
written consent of the Investor, except (i) as required by the federal securities law in connection with (A) any registration statement contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement and (B) the filing of final Transaction
Agreements with the SEC or pursuant to other routine proceedings of regulatory authorities, or (ii) to the extent such disclosure is required by law, at the request of the staff of the SEC or regulatory agency or under the regulations of the
Nasdaq Global Market, provided that the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide such Investor with prior notice and a reasonable opportunity to review such disclosure permitted under foregoing clause (ii). 

5.4 Integration. The Company shall not, and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that no Affiliate of the
Company shall, sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that will be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that
would require the registration under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities to the Investors, or that will be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of any National Exchange such that
it would require stockholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless stockholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction. 

5.5 Removal of Legends. 

(a) In connection with any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposition of the Shares by an Investor pursuant to Rule 144 or
pursuant to any other exemption under the Securities Act such that the purchaser acquires freely tradable shares and upon compliance by the Investor with the requirements of this Agreement, if requested by the Investor by notice to the Company, the
Company shall request the Transfer Agent to remove any restrictive legends related to the book entry account holding such shares and make a new, unlegended entry for such book entry shares sold or disposed of without restrictive legends as soon as
reasonably practicable following any such request therefor from the Investor, provided that the Company has timely received from the Investor customary representations and other documentation reasonably acceptable to the Company in connection
therewith. The Company shall be responsible for the fees of its Transfer Agent and its legal counsel associated with such legend removal. 

23 

(b) Subject to receipt from the Investor by the Company and the Transfer Agent of
customary representations and other documentation reasonably acceptable to the Company and the Transfer Agent in connection therewith, upon the earliest of such time as the Shares (i) have been registered under the Securities Act pursuant to an
effective registration statement, (ii) have been sold pursuant to Rule 144, or (iii) are eligible for resale under Rule 144(b)(1) without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information requirements
under Rule 144(c)(1) (or any successor provision), the Company shall, in accordance with the provisions of this Section 5.5(b) and as soon as reasonably practicable following any request therefor from an Investor
accompanied by such customary and reasonably acceptable documentation referred to above, (A) deliver to the Transfer Agent irrevocable instructions that the Transfer Agent shall make a new, unlegended entry for such book entry shares, and
(B) cause its counsel to deliver to the Transfer Agent one or more opinions to the effect that the removal of such legends in such circumstances may be effected under the Securities Act if required by the Transfer Agent to effect the removal of
the legend in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. In making such request, the Investor shall deliver a representation certificate, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to counsel to the Company and the Transfer Agent that such
parties shall be entitled to rely upon in connection with the removal of any legend. Any shares subject to legend removal under this Section 5.5 may be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Investor by crediting the account of the
Investors prime broker with the DTC System as directed by such Investor. The Company shall be responsible for the fees of its Transfer Agent and all DTC fees associated with such issuance. 

5.6 Withholding Taxes. Each Investor agrees to furnish the Company with any information, representations and forms as shall
reasonably be requested by the Company from time to time to assist the Company in complying with any applicable tax law (including any withholding obligations). 

5.7 Fees and Commissions. The Company shall be solely responsible for the payment of any placement agents fees, financial
advisory fees, or brokers commissions (other than for Persons engaged by an Investor) relating to or arising out of the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, any fees or commissions payable to the Placement Agents.

5.8 No Conflicting Agreements. The Company will not take any action, enter into any agreement or make any commitment that
would conflict or interfere in any material respect with the Companys obligations to the Investors under the Transaction Agreements. 

5.9 Indemnification.

(a) The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Investor and its Affiliates, and their respective directors, officers,
trustees, members, managers, employees, investment advisers and agents (collectively, the Indemnified Persons), from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation
reasonable and documented attorney fees and disbursements and other documented out-of-pocket expenses reasonably incurred in connection with investigating, preparing or
defending any action, claim or proceeding, pending or threatened and the costs of enforcement thereof) to which such Indemnified Person may become subject (i) as a result of any breach of representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by
or to be performed on the part of the Company under this Agreement or (ii) as 

24 

a result of or arising out of any action, claim or proceeding, pending or threatened, against an Indemnified Person in any capacity by any third party (including a stockholder of the Company),
whether directly or in a derivative capacity, who is not an Affiliate of the Indemnified Person, with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreements, and will reimburse any such Indemnified Person for all such amounts as they
are incurred by such Indemnified Person. 

(b) Any person entitled to indemnification hereunder shall (i) give prompt written
notice to the indemnifying party of any claim with respect to which it seeks indemnification and (ii) permit such indemnifying party to assume the defense of such claim with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party; provided
that any person entitled to indemnification hereunder shall have the right to employ separate counsel and to participate in the defense of such claim, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such person unless
(a) the indemnifying party has agreed in writing to pay such fees or expenses, (b) the indemnifying party shall have failed to assume the defense of such claim and employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such person or (c) in the
reasonable judgment of any such person, based upon written advice of its counsel, a conflict of interest exists between such person and the indemnifying party with respect to such claims (in which case, if the person notifies the indemnifying party
in writing that such person elects to employ separate counsel at the expense of the indemnifying party, the indemnifying party shall not have the right to assume the defense of such claim on behalf of such person); and provided, further, that the
failure of any indemnified party to give written notice as provided herein shall not relieve the indemnifying party of its obligations hereunder, except to the extent that such failure to give notice shall materially adversely affect the
indemnifying party in the defense of any such claim or litigation. It is understood that the indemnifying party shall not, in connection with any proceeding in the same jurisdiction, be liable for fees or expenses of more than one separate firm of
attorneys at any time for all such indemnified parties. No indemnifying party will, except with the consent of the indemnified party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, consent to entry of any judgment or enter
into any settlement unless such judgment or settlement (i) imposes no liability or obligation on, (ii) includes as an unconditional term thereof the giving of a complete, explicit and unconditional release from the party bringing such
indemnified claims of all liability of the indemnified party in respect of such claim or litigation in favor of, and (iii) does not include any admission of fault, culpability, wrongdoing, or wrongdoing or malfeasance by or on behalf of, the
indemnified party. No indemnified party will, except with the consent of the indemnifying party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement. 

5.10 Subsequent Equity Sales. From the date of this Agreement until the earlier of (i) ninety (90) calendar days after the
Closing Date and (b) the Business Day immediately following the effective date of the registration statement filed pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company shall not (A) issue shares of Common Stock or Common Stock
Equivalents, (B) effect a reverse stock split, recapitalization, share consolidation, reclassification or similar transaction affecting the outstanding Common Stock or (C) file with the SEC a registration statement under the Securities Act
relating to any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, except pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this Section 5.10 shall not apply to
(i) the issuance of the Securities hereunder, (ii) the issuance of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents upon the conversion, exercise or vesting of any securities of the Company outstanding on the date

25 

of this Agreement or outstanding pursuant to clause (iii) below, (iii) the issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents pursuant to any Company stock-based compensation plans
approved by the Board of Directors of the Company or in accordance with Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 5635(c)(4), or (iv) the filing of a registration statement on Form S-8 under the Securities Act to register
the offer and sale of securities on an equity incentive plan or employee stock purchase plan. 

5.11
Lock-Up Agreements. The Company shall not amend, modify, waive or terminate any provision of any of the Lock-Up Agreements except to extend the term of the lock-up period and shall enforce the provisions of each Lock-Up Agreement in accordance with its terms. If any party to a Lock-Up
Agreement breaches any provision of a Lock-Up Agreement, the Company shall promptly use its best efforts to seek specific performance of the terms of such Lock-Up
Agreement. 

6. Conditions of Closing. 

6.1 Conditions to the Obligation of the Investors. The several obligations of each Investor to consummate the transactions to be
consummated at the Closing, and to purchase and pay for the Securities being purchased by it at the Closing pursuant to this Agreement, are subject to the satisfaction or waiver in writing of the following conditions precedent: 

(a) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company contained herein shall be true and
correct, as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent any such representation or warranty expressly speaks as of an earlier date, in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct as of such earlier date. 

(b) Performance. The Company shall have performed in all material respects the obligations and conditions herein required to be
performed or observed by the Company on or prior to the Closing Date. 

(c) No Injunction. The purchase of and payment for
the Securities by each Investor shall not be prohibited or enjoined by any law or governmental or court order or regulation and no such prohibition shall have been threatened in writing. 

(d) Consents. The Company shall have obtained any and all consents, permits, approvals, registrations and waivers necessary for
the consummation of the purchase and sale of the Securities, all of which shall be in full force and effect. 

(e) Transfer
Agent. The Company shall have furnished all required materials to the Transfer Agent to reflect the issuance of the Shares at the Closing. 

(f) Adverse Changes. Since the date of this Agreement, no event or series of events shall have occurred that has had or would
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(g) Opinion of Company Counsel. The Company shall have delivered
to the Investors and the Placement Agents the opinion of Cooley LLP, dated as of the Closing Date, in customary form and substance to be reasonably agreed upon with the Investors and the Placement Agents and addressing such legal matters as the
Investors and Placement Agents and the Company reasonably agree. 

26 

(h) Compliance Certificate. An authorized officer of the Company shall have
delivered to the Investors at the Closing Date a certificate in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Investors certifying that the conditions specified in Sections 6.1(a) (Representations and Warranties), 6.1(b)
(Performance), 6.1(c) (No Injunction), 6.1(d) (Consents), 6.1(e) (Transfer Agent), 6.1(f) (Adverse Changes), 6.1(k) (Listing Requirements) and 6.1(l) (No Injunction) of this Agreement have been
fulfilled. 

(i) Officers Certificate. The Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Company shall have
delivered to the Investors at the Closing Date a certificate certifying (i) the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation; (ii) the Amended and Restated Bylaws; and (iii) resolutions of the Board (or an authorized committee
thereof) approving this Agreement, the other Transaction Agreements, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the issuance of the Securities. 

(j) Registration Rights Agreement. The Company shall have executed and delivered the Registration Rights Agreement in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Registration Rights Agreement) to the Investors. 

(k) Listing
Requirements. No stop order or suspension of trading shall have been imposed by Nasdaq, the SEC or any other governmental or regulatory body with respect to public trading in the Common Stock. The Common Stock shall be listed on a National
Exchange and shall not have been suspended, as of the Closing Date, by the SEC or the National Exchange from trading thereon nor shall suspension by the SEC or the National Exchange have been threatened, as of the Closing Date, in writing by the SEC
or the National Exchange; and the Company shall have filed with Nasdaq a Notification Form: Listing of Additional Shares for the listing of the Shares and Nasdaq shall have raised no objection to such notice and the transactions contemplated hereby.

(l) No Injunction. No judgment, writ, order, injunction, award or decree of or by any court, or judge, justice or
magistrate, including any bankruptcy court or judge, or any order of or by any governmental entity, shall have been issued against the Company, and no action or proceeding shall have been instituted by any governmental entity, enjoining or
preventing the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or in the other Transaction Agreements. 

(m) Payment.
The Company shall have received payment, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the full amount of the purchase price for the number of Securities being purchased by each Investor at the Closing as set forth in Exhibit A. 

6.2 Conditions to the Obligation of the Company. The obligation of the Company to consummate the transactions to be consummated
at the Closing, and to issue and sell to each Investor the Securities to be purchased by it at the Closing pursuant to this Agreement, is subject to the satisfaction or waiver in writing of the following conditions precedent: 

(a) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of each Investor in Section 4
hereto shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of 

27 

the Closing Date, with the same force and effect as though made on and as of the Closing Date and consummation of the Closing shall constitute a reaffirmation by the Investor of each of the
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the Investor contained in this Agreement as of the Closing Date. 

(b) Performance. Each Investor shall have performed or complied with in all material respects all obligations and conditions
herein required to be performed or observed by such Investor on or prior to the Closing Date. 

(c) Injunction. The purchase
of and payment for the Securities by each Investor shall not be prohibited or enjoined by any law or governmental or court order or regulation. 

(d) Registration Rights Agreement. Each Investor shall have executed and delivered the Registration Rights Agreement to the
Company in the form attached as Exhibit B. 

(e) Payment. The Company shall have received payment,
by wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the full amount of the purchase price for the number of Securities being purchased by each Investor at the Closing as set forth in Exhibit A. 

7. Termination. 

7.1 Termination. The obligations of the Company, on the one hand, and each Investor, on the other hand, to effect the Closing
shall terminate as follows: 

(i) Upon the mutual written consent of the Company and each Investor that, together with its
Affiliates (and any other Person that shares the same management company or investment adviser or sub-adviser as such Investor), agrees to purchase at least $20,000,000 of Shares, prior to the Closing; 

(ii) By the Company if any of the conditions set forth in Section 6.2 shall have become incapable of
fulfillment, and shall not have been waived by the Company; 

(iii) By an Investor (with respect to itself only) if any of the
conditions set forth in Section 6.1 shall have become incapable of fulfillment, and shall not have been waived by such Investor; or 

(iv) By either the Company or an Investor (with respect to itself only) if the Closing has not occurred on or prior to the fifth
Business Day following the date of this Agreement; 

provided, however, that, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, the party
seeking to terminate its obligation to effect the Closing shall not then be in breach of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements contained in the Transaction Agreements if such breach has resulted in the circumstances giving
rise to such partys seeking to terminate its obligation to effect the Closing. 

28 

7.2 Notice. In the event of termination by the Company or the Investor of its
obligations to effect the Closing pursuant to Section 7.1, written notice thereof shall be given to the other Investors by the Company. Nothing in this Section 7 shall be deemed to release any
party from any liability for any breach by such party of the other terms and provisions of the Transaction Agreements or to impair the right of any party to compel specific performance by any other party of its other obligations under the
Transaction Agreements. 

8. Miscellaneous Provisions. 

8.1 Public Statements or Releases. Except as set forth in, and subject to compliance with the provisions of,
Section 5.3, neither the Company nor any Investor shall make any public announcement with respect to the existence or terms of this Agreement or the transactions provided for herein without the prior consent of the other
party (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld) other than filings pursuant to Section 13 and/or Section 16 of the Exchange Act, which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not require the Companys consent. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, and subject to compliance with Section 5.3, nothing in this Section 8.1 shall prevent any party from making any public announcement it considers necessary in order to satisfy its
obligations under the law, including applicable securities laws, or under the rules of any national securities exchange or securities market, in which case the Company shall allow the Investors reasonable time to comment on such release or
announcement in advance of such issuance, and the Company will consider in good faith any Investor comments. 

8.2 Notices.
Any notices or other communications required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to be given (a) when delivered if personally delivered to the party for whom it is intended, (b) when delivered, if
sent by electronic mail during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not sent during normal business hours, then on the recipients next Business Day, provided no rejection or undeliverable message is received by the sender,
(c) three (3) days after having been sent by certified or registered mail, return-receipt requested and postage prepaid, or (d) one (1) Business Day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, freight prepaid, specifying
next business day delivery, with written verification of receipt: 

(a) If to the Company, addressed as follows: 

Tectonic Therapeutic, Inc. 

490
Arsenal Way, Suite 210 

Watertown, MA 02472 

Attention: Daniel Lochner 

Email: *** 

with a copy (which
shall not constitute notice): 

Cooley LLP 

55 Hudson Yards 

New York, NY
10001 

Attention: Divakar Gupta and Brandon Fenn 

Email: *** 

29 

(b) If to any Investor, at its address or
e-mail address set forth on such Investors signature page, or such address as subsequently modified by written notice given in accordance with this Section 8.2. 

Any Person may change the address to which notices and communications to it are to be addressed by notification as provided for herein. 

8.3 [Reserved].

8.4 Severability. If any part or provision of this Agreement is held unenforceable or in conflict with the applicable laws or
regulations of any jurisdiction, the invalid or unenforceable part or provisions shall be replaced with a provision which accomplishes, to the extent possible, the original business purpose of such part or provision in a valid and enforceable
manner, and the remainder of this Agreement shall remain binding upon the parties hereto. 

8.5 Governing Law; Submission to
Jurisdiction; Venue; Waiver of Trial by Jury. 

(a) This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the
laws of the State of New York without regard to choice of laws or conflicts of laws provisions thereof that would require the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction. 

(b) The Company and each of the Investors hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: 

(i) submits for itself and its property in any legal action or proceeding relating solely to this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby, to the general jurisdiction of the any state court or United States Federal court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan, City of New York in the State of New York; 

(ii) consents that any such action or proceeding may be brought in such courts, and waives any objection that it may now or hereafter
have to the venue of any such action or proceeding in any such court or that such action or proceeding was brought in an inconvenient court and agrees not to plead or claim the same to the extent permitted by applicable law; 

(iii) agrees that service of process in any such action or proceeding may be effected by mailing a copy thereof by registered or
certified mail (or any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, to the party, as the case may be, at its address set forth in Section 8.2 or at such other address of which the other party shall have been
notified pursuant thereto; 

(iv) agrees that nothing herein shall affect the right to effect service of process in any other manner
permitted by law or shall limit the right to sue in any other jurisdiction for recognition and enforcement of any judgment or if jurisdiction in the courts referenced in the foregoing clause (i) are not available despite the intentions of the
parties hereto; 

(v) agrees that final judgment in any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such a court may be enforced in
the courts of any jurisdiction to which such party is subject by a suit upon such judgment, provided that service of process is effected upon such party in the manner specified herein or as otherwise permitted by law; 

30 

(vi) agrees that to the extent that such party has or hereafter may acquire any
immunity from jurisdiction of any court or from any legal process with respect to itself or its property, such party hereby irrevocably waives such immunity in respect of its obligations under this Agreement, to the extent permitted by law; and 

(vii) irrevocably and unconditionally waives trial by jury in any legal action or proceeding in relation to this Agreement. 

8.6 Waiver. No waiver of any term, provision or condition of this Agreement, whether by conduct or otherwise, in any one or more
instances, shall be deemed to be, or be construed as, a further or continuing waiver of any such term, provision or condition or as a waiver of any other term, provision or condition of this Agreement. 

8.7 Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Agreements to the contrary, each party shall pay its own out-of-pocket fees and expenses, including the fees and expenses of attorneys, accountants and consultants employed by such party, incurred in connection with the proposed
investment in the Securities and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby; provided, however, that the Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without limitation, any fees required for
same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company), stamp taxes, transfer taxes and other similar taxes (other than income taxes) and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any
Securities to the Investors. The Company shall pay all Placement Agent fees relating to or arising out of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

8.8 Assignment. None of the parties may assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement or designate another person
(i) to perform all or part of its obligations under this Agreement or (ii) to have all or part of its rights and benefits under this Agreement, in each case without the prior written consent of (x) the Company, in the case of an
Investor, and (y) the Investors, in the case of the Company, provided that an Investor may, without the prior consent of the Company, assign its rights to purchase the Securities hereunder to any of its affiliates or to any other investment
funds or accounts managed or advised by the investment manager who acts on behalf of such Investor (provided each such assignee agrees to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and makes the same representations and warranties set forth in
Section 4). In the event of any assignment in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the assignee shall specifically assume and be bound by the provisions of this Agreement by executing a writing agreeing to be bound
by and subject to the provisions of this Agreement and shall deliver an executed counterpart signature page to this Agreement and, notwithstanding such assumption or agreement to be bound hereby by an assignee, no such assignment shall relieve any
party assigning any interest hereunder from its obligations or liability pursuant to this Agreement. 

8.9 Confidential
Information. 

(a) Each Investor covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any
material non-public information provided to such Investor are publicly disclosed by the Company or the earlier termination of this Agreement, such Investor will maintain the confidentiality of all disclosures
made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction), other than to such Investors 

31 

outside attorney, accountant, auditor or investment advisor only to the extent necessary to permit evaluation of the investment, and the performance of the necessary or required tax, accounting,
financial, legal, or administrative tasks and services and other than as may be required by law. 

(b) The Company may request from
the Investors such reasonable and customary additional information as the Company may deem necessary to evaluate the eligibility of the Investor to acquire the Securities, and the Investor shall promptly provide such information as may reasonably be
requested to the extent readily available; provided, that the Company agrees to keep any such information provided by the Investor confidential, except (i) as required by the federal securities laws, rules or regulations and (ii) to the
extent such disclosure is required by other laws, rules or regulations, at the request of the staff of the SEC or regulatory agency or under the regulations of Nasdaq. The Investor acknowledges that the Company may file a form of this Agreement and
the Registration Rights Agreement with the SEC as exhibits to a periodic report or a registration statement of the Company. 

8.10 Reliance by and Exculpation of Placement Agents. 

(a) Each Investor agrees for the express benefit of the Placement Agents, its affiliates and its representatives that (i) the
Placement Agents, its affiliates and its representatives have not made, and will not make any representations or warranties with respect to the Company or the offer and sale of the Securities, and such Investor will not rely on any statements made
by the Placement Agents, orally or in writing, to the contrary, (ii) such Investor will be responsible for conducting its own due diligence investigation with respect to the Company and the offer and sale of the Securities, (iii) such
Investor will be purchasing Securities based on the results of its own due diligence investigation of the Company and the Placement Agents and each of its directors, officers, employees, representatives, and controlling persons have made no
independent investigation with respect to the Company, the Securities, or the accuracy, completeness, or adequacy of any information supplied to the Investor by the Company, (iv) such Investor has negotiated the offer and sale of the Securities
directly with the Company, and the Placement Agents will not be responsible for the ultimate success of any such investment and (v) the decision to invest in the Company will involve a significant degree of risk, including a risk of total loss
of such investment. Each Investor further represents and warrants to the Placement Agents that it, including any fund or funds that it manages or advises that participates in the offer and sale of the Securities, is permitted under its constitutive
documents (including, without limitation, all limited partnership agreements, charters, bylaws, limited liability company agreements, all applicable side letters with investors, and similar documents) to make investments of the type contemplated by
this Agreement. This Section 8.10 shall survive any termination of this Agreement. 

(b) The Company
agrees and acknowledges that the Placement Agents may rely on its representations, warranties, agreements and covenants contained in this Agreement and each Investor agrees that the Placement Agents may rely on such Investors representations
and warranties contained in this Agreement as if such representations and warranties, as applicable, were made directly to the Placement Agents. 

32 

(c) Neither the Placement Agents nor any of their respective affiliates or
representatives (i) shall be liable for any improper payment made in accordance with the information provided by the Company; (ii) makes any representation or warranty, or has any responsibilities as to the validity, accuracy, value or
genuineness of any information, certificates or documentation delivered by or on behalf of the Company pursuant to the Transaction Agreements or in connection with any of the transactions contemplated therein; or (iii) shall be liable
(x) for any action taken, suffered or omitted by any of them in good faith and reasonably believed to be authorized or within the discretion or rights or powers conferred upon it by the Transaction Agreements or (y) for anything which any
of them may do or refrain from doing in connection with the Transaction Agreements, except in each case for such partys own gross negligence or willful misconduct. 

(d) The Company agrees that the Placement Agents and their respective affiliates and representatives shall be entitled to (i) rely
on, and shall be protected in acting upon, any certificate, instrument, notice, letter or any other document or security delivered to any of them by or on behalf of the Company, and (ii) be indemnified by the Company for acting as the Placement
Agents hereunder pursuant to the indemnification provisions set forth in the applicable letter agreement between the Company and the Placement Agents. 

8.11 Third Parties. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer on any Person other than the parties to
this Agreement any rights, remedies, claims, benefits, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, and no Person that is not a party to this Agreement (including, without limitation, any partner, member, shareholder, director,
officer, employee or other beneficial owner of any party to this Agreement, in its own capacity as such or in bringing a derivative action on behalf of a party to this Agreement) shall have any standing as a third-party beneficiary with respect to
this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Placement Agents are an intended third-party beneficiary of the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in
Section 3 and of each Investor set forth in Section 4,Section 6.1(g) and Section 8.11 respectively, of this Agreement and (ii) the
Indemnified Persons are intended third-party beneficiaries of Section 5.9. 

8.12 Independent Nature of
Investors Obligations and Right. The obligations of each Investor under this Agreement are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Investor, and no Investor shall be responsible in any way for the
performance obligations of any other Investor under this Agreement. Nothing contained herein, and no action taken by any Investor pursuant hereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Investors as, and the Company acknowledges that the Investors do not
so constitute, a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Investors are in any way acting in concert or as a group (including a group within the meaning of
Section 13(d)(3) of the 1934 Act), and the Company will not assert any such claim with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Company acknowledges that the Investors are not acting in concert or
as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. It is expressly understood that each provision contained in this Agreement is between the Company and an Investor, solely, and not between the Company
and the Investors collectively and not between and among the Investors. The Company acknowledges and each Investor confirms that it has independently participated in the negotiation of the transaction contemplated hereby with the advice of its own
counsel and advisors. Each Investor also acknowledges that Cooley LLP has not rendered legal advice to such Investor. Each Investor shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights, including, without limitation, the

33 

rights arising out of this Agreement, and it shall not be necessary for any other Investor to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose. The Company has elected to
provide all Investors with the same terms and Transaction Agreements for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any Investor. 

8.13 Headings. The titles, subtitles and headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of,
or affect the interpretation of, this Agreement. 

8.14 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more identical
counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party; provided that a facsimile or pdf signature including any
electronic signatures complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com shall be considered due execution and shall be binding upon the signatory thereto with the same force and effect as if the signature were an original,
not a facsimile or pdf (or other electronic reproduction of a) signature. 

8.15 Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement
and the other Transaction Agreements (including all schedules and exhibits hereto and thereto), together with any side letter agreements with any of the Investors, constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto respecting the subject
matter of this Agreement and supersedes all prior agreements, negotiations, understandings, representations and statements respecting the subject matter of this Agreement, whether written or oral. No amendment, modification, alteration, or change in
any of the terms of this Agreement shall be valid or binding upon the parties hereto unless made in writing and duly executed by the Company and each Investor that, together with its Affiliates (and any other Person that shares the same management
company or investment adviser or sub-adviser as such Investor), agrees to purchase at least $20,000,000 of Shares and at least such amount is then held by such Investor and its Affiliates (and any other Person
that shares the same management company or investment adviser or sub-adviser as such Investor), provided that prior to the Closing the consent of all Investors shall be required. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
this Agreement may not be amended and the observance of any term of this Agreement may not be waived with respect to any Investor without the written consent of such Investor unless such amendment or waiver applies to all Investors in the same
fashion. The Company, on the one hand, and each Investor, on the other hand, may by an instrument signed in writing by such parties waive the performance, compliance or satisfaction by such Investor or the Company, respectively, with any term or
provision of this Agreement or any condition hereto to be performed, complied with or satisfied by such Investor or the Company, respectively. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else herein to the contrary, no amendment, modification,
alteration, change or waiver of this Section 8.15 shall be valid without the prior written consent of the Placement Agents, which consent may be granted or withheld in the sole discretion of the Placement Agents. In
addition, no consideration shall be offered or paid to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of any of this Agreement unless the same consideration (other than the reimbursement of legal fees) also is offered to
all Investors. 

8.16 Survival. The covenants, representations and warranties made by each party hereto contained in this
Agreement shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities in accordance with their respective terms. Each Investor shall be responsible only for its own representations, warranties, agreements and covenants hereunder. 

34 

8.17 Contract Interpretation. This Agreement is the joint product of
each Investor and the Company and each provision of this Agreement has been subject to the mutual consultation, negotiation and agreement of such parties and shall not be construed for or against any party hereto. 

8.18 Arms Length Negotiations. For the avoidance of doubt, the parties acknowledge and confirm that the
terms and conditions of the Securities were determined as a result of arms-length negotiations. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank.] 

35 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and
year first above written. 

COMPANY:

TECTONIC THERAPEUTIC, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and
year first above written. 

INVESTOR:

[NAME]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address:

[]

Email: []

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and
year first above written. 

INVESTOR:

[NAME]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address:

[]

Email: []

EXHIBIT A 

INVESTORS 

Investor Name 

Shares 

Share

Purchase

Price 

Aggregate

Purchase Price

A-1 

EXHIBIT B 

FORM OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 

B-1 

SCHEDULE 4.15 

B-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d843684dex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 

FORM OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 

THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of February 3, 2025, is entered into by and among
Tectonic Therapeutic, Inc.,a Delaware corporation (the Company), and the several investors signatory hereto (individually as an Investor and collectively together with their respective permitted assigns,
the Investors). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement by and among the parties hereto, dated as of the date hereof (as
amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Purchase Agreement). 

WHEREAS: 

A. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to issue to the Investors, and the
Investors have agreed to purchase, severally and not jointly, an aggregate of up to $185,000,000 of shares (the Shares) of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock),
pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. 

B. To induce the Investors to enter into the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to
provide certain registration rights under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder, or any similar successor statute (collectively, the Securities Act), and applicable state securities
laws. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Investors hereby agree as follows: 

1. 

DEFINITIONS. 

For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

(a) Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more
intermediaries, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person, as such terms are used in or construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act. 

(b) Force Majeure means any change, event, violation, inaccuracy, circumstance or effect that is caused by
(i) acts of God, epidemics, pandemics (including COVID-19) or other calamities, national or international political or social conditions (or the escalation or worsening thereof), (ii) any potential or
actual government shutdown, or (iii) any other interruption in the financing, banking, currency or capital markets in general in the United States. 

(c) Person means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, business trust, joint stock
company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture or any other entity or organization. 

(d) Register,
Registered, and Registration refer to a registration effected by preparing and filing one or more registration statements of the Company in compliance with the Securities Act and providing for offering
securities on a continuous basis, and the declaration or ordering of effectiveness of such registration statement(s) by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC). 

(e) Registrable Securities means the Shares and any Common Stock
issued or issuable with respect to the Shares as a result of any stock split or subdivision, stock dividend, recapitalization, exchange or similar event. Registrable Securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities (and the Company shall not be
required to maintain the effectiveness of any, or file another, Registration Statement hereunder with respect thereto) upon the earliest to occur of (i) the date on which the Investors shall have resold all the Registrable Securities covered by
the Registration Statement pursuant to the Registration Statement and (ii) such Registrable Securities have been previously sold in accordance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act (Rule 144). 

(f) Registration Expenses means all registration and filing fee expenses incurred by the Company in effecting any
registration pursuant to this Agreement, including (i) all registration, qualification, and filing fees, printing expenses, and any other fees and expenses associated with filings required to be made with the SEC, the Financial Industry
Regulatory Authority, Inc. or any other regulatory authority, (ii) all fees and expenses in connection with compliance with or clearing the Registrable Securities for sale under any securities or Blue Sky laws, (iii) all
printing, duplicating, word processing, messenger, telephone, facsimile and delivery expenses, and (iv) all fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company and of all independent certified public accountants of the Company (including the
expenses of any special audit and cold comfort letters required by or incident to such performance). 

(g) Registration
Statement means any registration statement of the Company filed with, or to be filed with, the SEC under the Securities Act, that Registers Registrable Securities, including the related prospectus, amendments and supplements to such
registration statement, including pre- and post-effective amendments, and all exhibits and all material incorporated by reference in such registration statement as may be necessary to comply with applicable
securities laws. Registration Statement shall also include a New Registration Statement, as amended when each became effective, including all documents filed as part thereof or incorporated by reference therein, and including any
information contained in a prospectus subsequently filed with the SEC. 

(h) Selling Expenses means all
underwriting discounts and selling commissions applicable to the sale of Registrable Securities and all similar fees and commissions relating to an Investors disposition of its Registrable Securities. 

(i) SEC Guidance means (i) any publicly-available written or oral guidance of the Commission staff, or any
comments, requirements or requests of the SEC staff (whether or not publicly-available); provided, that any such oral guidance, comments, requirements or requests are reduced to writing by the SEC (and shared with the Investors if not
publicly-available) and (ii) the Securities Act. 

2. 

REGISTRATION. 

(a) Mandatory Registration. The Company shall, as promptly as reasonably practicable and in any event no later than 54 days
after the Closing Date (the Filing Deadline), prepare and file with the SEC an initial Registration Statement (the Initial Registration Statement) covering the resale of all Registrable Securities. Before filing
the Registration Statement, the Company shall furnish to the Investors a copy of the Registration Statement. The Investors and their counsel shall have at least three (3) Business Days prior to the anticipated filing date of a Registration
Statement to review and comment upon such Registration Statement and any amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement and any related prospectus, prior to its filing with the SEC. Subject to any SEC comments, such Registration Statement
shall include the plan of distribution substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A. The Company shall (a) use reasonable best efforts to address in each such document prior to being so filed with the SEC such comments as the
Investor or its counsel reasonably propose, and (b) not file any Registration Statement or related prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto containing information regarding 

2 

the Investor to which Investor reasonably objects, unless such information is required (in the opinion of the Company) to comply with any applicable law or regulation or SEC Guidance. The
Investors shall furnish all information reasonably requested by the Company and as shall be reasonably required in connection with any registration referred to in this Agreement. 

(b) Effectiveness. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to have the Initial Registration Statement and any
amendment declared effective by the SEC at the earliest possible date but no later than the earlier of the ninetieth (90th) calendar day following the initial filing date of the Initial
Registration Statement if the SEC notifies the Company that it will review the Initial Registration Statement and (b) the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date the Company is
notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the SEC that the Initial Registration Statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review (such earlier date, the Effectiveness Deadline).
The Company shall notify the Investor by e-mail as promptly as practicable, and in any event, within 24 hours, after the Registration Statement is declared effective or is supplemented and shall provide the
Investor with copies of any related prospectus to be used in connection with the sale or other disposition of the securities covered thereby. The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to keep the Initial Registration Statement continuously
effective pursuant to Rule 415 promulgated under the Securities Act and available for the resale by the Investors of all of the Registrable Securities covered thereby at all times until the earliest to occur of the following events: (i) the
date on which the Investors shall have resold all the Registrable Securities covered thereby pursuant to Rule 144 or pursuant to the Initial Registration Statement; and (ii) the date on which the Registrable Securities may be resold by the
Investors without registration and without regard to any volume or manner-of-sale limitations by reason of Rule 144, without the requirement for the Company to be in
compliance with the current public information requirement under Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule of similar effect (the Registration Period). The Initial Registration Statement (including any amendments or
supplements thereto and prospectuses contained therein) shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances in which they were made, not misleading. 

(c) Sufficient Number of Shares Registered. In the event the
number of shares available under the Initial Registration Statement at any time is insufficient to cover the Registrable Securities, the Company shall, to the extent necessary and permissible, amend the Initial Registration Statement or file a new
registration statement (together with any prospectuses or prospectus supplements thereunder, a New Registration Statement), so as to cover all of such Registrable Securities as soon as reasonably practicable, but in any event not
later than ten (10) Business Days after the necessity therefor arises (the New Registration Filing Deadline). The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to have such amendment and/or New Registration Statement
become effective as soon as reasonably practicable following the filing thereof but no later than the earlier of (a) the seventy-fifth (75th) calendar day following the initial filing date of
the New Registration Statement if the SEC notifies the Company that it will review the New Registration Statement and (b) the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date the Company
is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the SEC that the New Registration Statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review (the earlier of such dates, the New RegistrationEffectiveness Deadline). The provisions of Section 2(a) and (b) shall apply to the New Registration Statement, except as modified hereby. 

(d) Liquidated Damages. If (i) the Initial Registration Statement has not been filed by the Filing Deadline, (ii) the
Initial Registration Statement has not been declared effective by the Effectiveness Deadline, (iii) a New Registration Statement has not been filed by the New Registration Filing Deadline, (iv) the New Registration Statement has not been
declared effective by the New Registration Effectiveness Deadline or (v) after any Registration Statement has been declared effective by the SEC, sales cannot be made pursuant to such Registration Statement for any reason (including without
limitation by reason of a stop order, or the Companys failure to update such Registration Statement), but excluding any 

3 

Allowed Delay (as defined below) or, if the Registration Statement is on Form S-1, for a period of twenty (20) days following the date on which the
Company files a post-effective amendment to incorporate the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K, or (vi) after the Filing Deadline, and only in the event a Registration Statement is not effective or
available to sell all Registrable Securities, the Company fails to file with the SEC any required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act such that it is not in compliance with Rule 144(c)(1), as a result of which the Investors
who are not affiliates are unable to sell Registrable Securities without restriction under Rule 144 (each of (i) through (vi), a Registration Failure), then the Company will make pro rata payments to each Investor then
holding Registrable Securities, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, in an amount equal to 1.0% of the aggregate amount paid pursuant to the Purchase Agreement by such Investor for such Registrable Securities then held by such Investor upon
the occurrence of such Registration Failure and for each 30-day period or pro rata for any portion thereof during which the Registration Failure continues (the Blackout Period); provided
that, no liquidated damages shall be payable if the Companys failure was caused by any Force Majeure. Such payments shall not affect the right of the Investors to seek injunctive relief. The amounts payable as liquidated damages pursuant to
this paragraph shall be paid in cash no later than five Business Days after each such 30-day period (or pro rated period, if applicable) following the commencement of the Blackout Period until the termination
of the Blackout Period (the Blackout Period Payment Date). Interest shall accrue at the rate of 1.0% per month on any such liquidated damages payments that shall not be paid by the Blackout Period Payment Date until such amount is
paid in full. Notwithstanding the above, in no event shall the aggregate amount of liquidated damages (or interest thereon) paid under this Agreement to any Investor exceed, in the aggregate, 5.0% of the aggregate purchase price of the Shares
purchased by such Investor under the Purchase Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 2(d) to the contrary, during any periods that the Company is unable to meet its obligations hereunder with respect to the
registration of the Registrable Securities because any Investor fails to furnish information required to be provided pursuant to Section 2(a) or Section 4(a) within three Business Days of the
Companys request, any liquidated damages that would otherwise accrue as to such Investor only shall be tolled until such information is delivered to the Company. 

(e) Allowable Delays. On no more than two (2) occasions and for not more than thirty (30) consecutive days or for
a total of not more than sixty (60) days in any 12 month period, the Company may delay the effectiveness of the Initial Registration Statement or any other Registration Statement, or suspend the use of any prospectus included in any
Registration Statement, in the event that the Company determines in good faith and upon advice of legal counsel that such delay or suspension is necessary to (A) delay the disclosure of material
non-public information concerning the Company, including in connection with the negotiation or consummation of a material transaction by the Company that is pending, that would require additional disclosure by
the Company in the Registration Statement of material non-public information that the Company has a bona fide business purpose for preserving as confidential and the
non-disclosure of which would be expected, in the reasonable determination of the Board, upon advice of legal counsel, to cause the Registration Statement to fail to comply with applicable disclosure
requirements or (B) amend or supplement the affected Registration Statement or the related prospectus so that such Registration Statement or prospectus shall not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the case of the prospectus in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (an Allowed Delay); provided, that the Company shall
promptly (a) notify each Investor in writing of the commencement of an Allowed Delay, but shall not (without the prior written consent of an Investor) disclose to such Investor any material non-public
information giving rise to an Allowed Delay, (b) advise the Investors in writing to cease all sales under the Registration Statement until the end of the Allowed Delay and (c) use reasonable best efforts to terminate an Allowed Delay as
promptly as practicable. Each Investor may deliver written notice (an Opt-Out Notice) to the Company requesting that such Investor not receive notices from the Company otherwise required by
this Section 2; provided, however, that such Investor may later revoke any such Opt-Out Notice in writing, which shall be effective five (5) Business

4 

Days after the receipt thereof. Following receipt of an Opt-Out Notice from an Investor (unless subsequently revoked), the Company shall not deliver any
notices pursuant to Section 2(e) to such Investor and such Investor shall no longer be entitled to the rights associated with any such notice. 

(f) Rule 415; Cutback. If at any time the SEC takes the position that the offering of some or all of the
Registrable Securities in any Registration Statement is not eligible to be made on a delayed or continuous basis under the provisions of Rule 415 under the Securities Act (provided, however, the Company shall be obligated to use reasonable best
efforts to advocate with the SEC for the registration of all of the Registrable Securities) or requires any Investor to be named as an underwriter, the Company shall (i) promptly notify each holder of Registrable Securities thereof
and (ii) make reasonable best efforts to persuade the SEC that the offering contemplated by such Registration Statement is a valid secondary offering and not an offering by or on behalf of the issuer as defined in Rule 415 and
that none of the Investors is an underwriter. The Investors shall have the right to have its legal counsel, at such Investors expense, to review and oversee any registration or matters pursuant to this
Section 2(e). In the event that, despite the Companys reasonable best efforts and compliance with the terms of this Section 2(e), the SEC refuses to alter its position, the Company shall
(i) remove from such Registration Statement such portion of the Registrable Securities (the Cut Back Shares) and/or (ii) agree to such restrictions and limitations on the registration and resale of the Registrable
Securities as the SEC may require to assure the Companys compliance with the requirements of Rule 415 (collectively, the SEC Restrictions); provided, however, that the Company shall not name any Investor as an
underwriter in such Registration Statement without the prior written consent of such Investor (provided that, in the event an Investor withholds such consent, the Company shall have no obligation hereunder to include any Registrable
Securities of such Investor in any Registration Statement covering the resale thereof until such time as the SEC no longer requires such Investor to be named as an underwriter in such Registration Statement or such Investor otherwise
consents in writing to being so named). Any cut-back imposed on the Investors pursuant to this Section 2(e) shall be allocated among the Investors on a pro rata basis and shall be
applied first to any of the Registrable Securities of such Investor as such Investor shall designate, unless the SEC Restrictions otherwise require or provide or the Investors otherwise agree. 

3. 

RELATED COMPANY OBLIGATIONS. 

With respect to the Registration Statement and whenever any Registrable Securities are to be Registered pursuant to
Section 2, including on the Initial Registration Statement or on any New Registration Statement, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to effect the registration of the Registrable Securities in accordance with
the intended method of disposition thereof and, pursuant thereto, the Company shall have the following obligations: 

(a) Notifications. The Company will promptly notify the Investors promptly of the time when any subsequent amendment to the
Initial Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement, other than documents incorporated by reference, has been filed with the SEC and/or has become effective or where a receipt has been issued therefor or any subsequent supplement to a
prospectus has been filed and of any request by the SEC for any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement or any prospectus or for additional information. 

(b) Amendments. The Company will prepare and file with the SEC any amendments, post-effective amendments or supplements to the
Initial Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement or any related prospectus, as applicable, that, (a) as may be necessary to keep such Registration Statement effective for the Registration Period and to comply with the provisions
of the Securities Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) with respect to the distribution of all of the Registrable Securities covered thereby, or (b) in the reasonable opinion of the
Investors and the 

Company, as may be necessary or advisable in connection with any acquisition or sale of Registrable Securities by the Investors. 

5 

(c) Investor Review. The Company will not file any amendment or supplement to
the Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement or any prospectus, other than documents incorporated by reference, relating to the Investors, the Registrable Securities or the transactions contemplated hereby unless (A) the Investors
and their counsel shall have been advised and afforded the opportunity to review and comment thereon at least three (3) Business Days prior to filing with the SEC and (B) the Company shall have given reasonable due consideration to any
comments thereon received from the Investors or their counsel. 

(d) Copies Available. The Company will furnish to any
Investor whose Registrable Securities are included in any Registration Statement and its counsel copies of the Initial Registration Statement, any prospectus thereunder (including all documents incorporated by reference therein), any prospectus
supplement thereunder, any New Registration Statement and all amendments to the Initial Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement that are filed with the SEC during the Registration Period (including all documents filed with or
furnished to the SEC during such period that are deemed to be incorporated by reference therein), each letter written by or on behalf of the Company to the SEC or the staff of the SEC, and each item of correspondence from the SEC or the staff of the
SEC, in each case relating to such Registration Statement (other than any portion thereof which contains information for which the Company has sought confidential treatment) and such other documents as Investor may reasonably request in order to
facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by Investor that are covered by such Registration Statement, in each case as soon as reasonably practicable upon such Investors request and in such quantities as such Investor may
from time to time reasonably request; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to furnish any document to the Investor to the extent such document is available on EDGAR. 

(e) Notification of Stop Orders; Material Changes. The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to (i) prevent the
issuance of any stop order or other suspension of effectiveness and, (ii) if such order is issued, obtain the withdrawal of any such order as soon as practicable. The Company shall advise the Investors promptly (but in no event later than 24
hours) and shall confirm such advice in writing, in each case: (1) of the Companys receipt of notice of any request by the SEC or any other federal or state governmental authority for amendment of or a supplement to the Registration
Statement or any prospectus or for any additional information; (2) of the Companys receipt of notice of the issuance by the SEC or any other federal or state governmental authority of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the
Initial Registration Statement or prohibiting or suspending the use of any prospectus or prospectus supplement, or any New Registration Statement, or of the Companys receipt of any notification of the suspension of qualification of the
Registrable Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or contemplated initiation of any proceeding for such purpose; and (3) of the Company becoming aware of the happening of any event, which makes any statement of a
material fact made in any Registration Statement or any prospectus untrue or which requires the making of any additions to or changes to the statements then made in any Registration Statement or any prospectus in order to state a material fact
required by the Securities Act to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements then made therein (in the case of any prospectus, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, or of the necessity to amend
any Registration Statement or any prospectus to comply with the Securities Act or any other law. The Company shall not be required to disclose to the Investors (and shall not so disclose to any Investor without such Investors prior written
consent) the substance of specific reasons of any of the events set forth in clauses (1) through (3) of the immediately preceding sentence (each, a Suspension Event), but rather, shall only be required to disclose that the
event has occurred. If at any time the SEC, or any other federal or state governmental authority shall issue any stop order suspending the 

6 

effectiveness of any Registration Statement or prohibiting or suspending the use of any prospectus or prospectus supplement, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain the
withdrawal of such order at the earliest practicable time. The Company shall furnish to the Investors, upon request and without charge, a copy of any correspondence from the SEC or the staff of the SEC, or any other federal or state governmental
authority to the Company or its representatives relating to the Initial Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement or any prospectus, or prospectus supplement as the case may be. In the event of a Suspension Event set forth in clause
(3) of the second sentence of this Section 3(e), the Company will use its reasonable best efforts to publicly disclose such event as soon as reasonably practicable, or otherwise resolve the matter such that sales under
Registration Statements may resume; provided, however, that if the Company has a bona fide business purpose for not making such information public, the Company may suspend the use of all Registration Statements for up to sixty (60) consecutive
calendar days; provided, further, that the Company may not suspend the use of all Registration Statements more than twice, or for more than ninety (90) total calendar days, in each case during any twelve-month period. 

(f) Confirmation of Effectiveness. If reasonably requested by an Investor at any time in respect of any Registration Statement,
the Company shall deliver to such Investor a written confirmation (email being sufficient) from Companys counsel of whether or not the effectiveness of such Registration Statement has lapsed at any time for any reason (including, without
limitation, the issuance of a stop order) and whether or not such Registration Statement is currently effective and available to the Company for sale of Registrable Securities. 

(g) Listing. The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to cause all Registrable Securities covered by a Registration
Statement to be listed on the Nasdaq Global Market and any other National Exchange upon which the Registrable Securities are then listed. 

(h) Compliance. The Company shall otherwise use reasonable best efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of
the SEC under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including, without limitation, Rule 172 under the Securities Act, file any final prospectus, including any supplement or amendment thereof, with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities
Act, promptly inform the Investor in writing if, at any time during the Registration Period, the Company does not satisfy the conditions specified in Rule 172 and, as a result thereof, the Investor is required to deliver a prospectus in connection
with any disposition of Registrable Securities and take such other actions as may be reasonably necessary to facilitate the registration of the Registrable Securities hereunder, and make available to its security holders, as soon as reasonably
practicable, but not later than the Availability Date (as defined below), an earnings statement covering a period of at least twelve (12) months, beginning after the effective date of each Registration Statement, which earnings statement shall
satisfy the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act, including Rule 158 promulgated thereunder (for the purpose of this subsection 3(h), Availability Date means the forty-fifth (45th) day following the end of the fourth fiscal quarter that includes the effective date of such Registration Statement, except that, if such fourth fiscal quarter is the last quarter of the
Companys fiscal year, Availability Date means the ninetieth (90th) day after the end of such fourth fiscal quarter). 

(i) Blue-Sky. The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to register or qualify or
cooperate with the Investor and their counsel in connection with the registration or qualification of such Registrable Securities for the offer and sale under the securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions reasonably requested by the
Investor; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition thereto to (i) qualify to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this
Section 3(i), (ii) subject itself to general taxation in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be so subject but for this Section 3(i), or (iii) file a general consent to service of
process in any such jurisdiction. 

7 

(j) Rule 144. With a view to making available to the Investors the benefits of
Rule 144 (or its successor rule) and any other rule or regulation of the SEC that may at any time permit the Investors to sell shares of Common Stock to the public without registration, for so long as the Registrable Securities are outstanding,
the Company covenants and agrees to: (i) make and keep adequate current public information available, as those terms are understood and defined in Rule 144, until the earlier of (A) six months after such date as all of the Registrable
Securities may be sold without restriction by the holders thereof pursuant to Rule 144 or any other rule of similar effect or (B) such date as there are no longer Registrable Securities; (ii) file with the SEC in a timely manner all
reports and other documents required of the Company under the Exchange Act; and (iii) furnish electronically to each Investor upon request, as long as such Investor owns any Registrable Securities, (A) a written statement by the Company
that it has complied with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, (B) a copy of or electronic access to the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K or Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and (C) such other information as may be reasonably requested in order to avail such Investor of any rule or regulation of the SEC that permits the selling of any such Registrable Securities without
registration. 

(k) Cooperation. The Company shall cooperate with the holders of the Registrable Securities to
facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates or uncertificated shares representing the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant to such Registration Statement or Rule 144 free of any restrictive legends and representing such
number of shares of Common Stock and registered in such names as the holders of the Registrable Securities may reasonably request to the extent permitted by such Registration Statement or Rule 144 to effect sales of Registrable Securities ; for the
avoidance of doubt, the Company may satisfy its obligations hereunder without issuing physical stock certificates through the use of The Depository Trust Companys Direct Registration System. 

4. 

OBLIGATIONS OF THE INVESTORS. 

(a) Investor Information. Each Investor shall provide a completed Investor Questionnaire in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit B or such other information as reasonably requested by the Company and required in connection with the registration of the Registrable Securities (such questionnaire or other information provided, the
Questionnaire). If the Company has not received such completed Questionnaire from an Investor within three (3) Business Days of the Companys request, the Company may file the Registration Statement without including
such Investors Registrable Securities. 

(b) Suspension of Sales. Each Investor, severally and not jointly with any
other Investor, agrees that, upon receipt of any notice from the Company of the existence of Suspension Event as set forth in Section 3(e), the Investor will promptly discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities
pursuant to any Registration Statement covering such Registrable Securities until the Investors receipt of a notice from the Company confirming the resolution of such Suspension Event and that such dispositions may again be made. 

(c) Investor Cooperation. Each Investor, severally and not jointly with any other Investor, agrees to cooperate with the Company
as reasonably requested by the Company in connection with the preparation and filing of any amendments and supplements to any Registration Statement or New Registration Statement hereunder, unless such Investor has notified the Company in writing of
its election to exclude all of its Registrable Securities from such Registration Statement. 

5. 

EXPENSES OF REGISTRATION. 

All Registration Expenses incurred in connection with registrations pursuant to this Agreement shall be borne by the Company. All Selling
Expenses relating to securities registered on behalf of the Investors shall be borne by the Investors pro rata on the basis of the number of Registrable Securities so registered. 

8 

6. 

INDEMNIFICATION. 

(a) To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company will, and hereby does, indemnify, hold harmless and defend the Investors, each
Person, if any, who controls the Investors, the members, the directors, officers, partners, employees, members, managers, agents, representatives and advisors of the Investors and each Person, if any, who controls the Investors within the meaning of
the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (each, an Indemnified Person), against any losses, obligation, claims, damages, liabilities, contingencies, judgments, fines, penalties, charges, costs (including, without limitation, court
costs and costs of preparation, reasonable and documented attorneys fees, amounts paid in settlement reasonable and documented expenses (collectively, Losses)) reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending any
action, claim, suit, inquiry, proceeding, investigation or appeal taken from the foregoing by or before any court or governmental, administrative or other regulatory agency or body or the SEC, whether pending or threatened, whether or not an
indemnified party is or may be a party thereto (Indemnified Damages), to which any of them may become subject insofar as such Claims (or actions or proceedings, whether commenced or threatened, in respect thereof) arise out of or
are based upon: (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission of any material fact contained in any Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus or final prospectus, or any amendment or supplement
thereof, or (ii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of the Securities Act, Exchange Act or any other state securities or other blue sky laws of any jurisdiction in which Registrable
Securities are offered or any rule or regulation promulgated thereunder applicable to the Company or its agents and relating to action or inaction required of the Company in connection with such registration of the Registrable Securities (the
matters in the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii) being, collectively, Violations). The Company shall reimburse each Indemnified Person promptly as such Losses are incurred and are due and payable, for any reasonable out-of-pocket legal fees or other reasonable and documented expenses incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, the indemnification agreement contained in this Section 6(a): (A) shall not apply to a Claim by an Indemnified Person arising out of or based upon a Violation which occurs in
reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company by the relevant Investor or such relevant Indemnified Person specifically for use in such Registration Statement or prospectus and was reviewed and approved in
writing by such Investor or such Indemnified Person expressly for use in connection with the preparation of any Registration Statement, any prospectus or any such amendment thereof or supplement thereto, if such in each case if the foregoing was
timely made available by the Company; (B) with respect to any superseded prospectus, shall not inure to the benefit of any such Person from whom the Person asserting any such Claim purchased the Registrable Securities that are the subject
thereof (or to the benefit of any other Indemnified Person) if the untrue statement or omission of material fact contained in the superseded prospectus was corrected in the revised prospectus, as then amended or supplemented, and the Indemnified
Person was promptly advised in writing not to use the outdated, defective or incorrect prospectus prior to the use giving rise to a violation; (C) shall not be available to the extent such Claim is based on a failure of the Indemnified Person
to deliver, or cause to be delivered, if required the prospectus to the Persons asserting an untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission at or prior to the written confirmation of the sale of Registrable Securities; and
(D) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected without the prior written consent of the Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. Such indemnity shall
remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Indemnified Person and shall survive the transfer of the Registrable Securities by the Investor pursuant to Section 8. 

9 

(b) In connection with the Initial Registration Statement, any New Registration
Statement or any prospectus, each Investor, severally and not jointly, agrees to indemnify, hold harmless and defend, the Company, each of its directors, each of its officers who signedthe Initial Registration Statement or signs any New
Registration Statement, and each Person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (each, an Indemnified Party), against any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expense
(including reasonable attorney fees) resulting from any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission of any material fact contained in any Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus or final prospectus, or any
amendment or supplement thereof, but, in each case to the extent, and only to the extent, that such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission of any material fact contained in any Registration Statement, any
preliminary prospectus or final prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereof, was made occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with information about the relevant Investor furnished in writing by such Investor to the Company for use in such
Registration Statement and reviewed and approved in writing by such Investor or such Indemnified Person expressly for use in connection with the preparation of the Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement, any prospectus or any such
amendment thereof or supplement thereto. In no event shall the liability of any Investor be greater in amount than the dollar amount of the proceeds (net of all expenses paid by such Investor in connection with any claim relating to this
Section 6 and the amount of any damages such Investor has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue statement or omission) received by such Investor upon the sale of the Registrable Securities included in such
Registration Statement giving rise to such indemnification obligation. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of such Indemnified Party and shall survive the transfer of the
Registrable Securities by any Investor pursuant to Section 8. 

(c) Promptly after receipt by an
Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party under this Section 6 of notice of the commencement of any action or proceeding (including any governmental action or proceeding) involving a Claim, such Indemnified Person or
Indemnified Party shall, if a Claim in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section 6, deliver to the indemnifying party a written notice of the commencement thereof, and the indemnifying
party shall have the right to participate in, and, to the extent the indemnifying party so desires, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly noticed, to assume control of the defense thereof with counsel mutually satisfactory to the
indemnifying party and the Indemnified Person or the Indemnified Party, as the case may be, and upon such notice, the indemnifying party shall not be liable to the Indemnified Person or the Indemnified Party for any legal or other expenses
subsequently incurred by the Indemnified Person or the Indemnified Party in connection with the defense thereof; provided, however, that an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party (together with all other Indemnified Persons and Indemnified Parties
that may be represented without conflict by one counsel) shall have the right to retain its own counsel with the reasonable fees and expenses to be paid by the indemnifying party, if, in the reasonable opinion of counsel retained by the indemnifying
party, the representation by such counsel of the Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and the indemnifying party would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and any
other party represented by such counsel in such proceeding. The Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person shall cooperate with the indemnifying party in connection with any negotiation or defense of any such action or claim by the indemnifying party
and shall furnish to the indemnifying party all information reasonably available to the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person which relates to such action or claim. The indemnifying party shall keep the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person
fully apprised as to the status of the defense or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto. No indemnifying party shall be liable for any settlement of any action, claim or proceeding effected without its written consent, provided,
however, that the indemnifying party shall not unreasonably withhold, delay or condition its consent. No indemnifying party shall, without the consent of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person, consent to entry of any judgment or enter
into any settlement or other compromise unless such judgment or settlement (i) imposes no liability or obligation on, (ii) includes as an unconditional term 

10 

thereof the giving of a complete, explicit and unconditional release from the party bringing such indemnified claims of all liability of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person in respect to
or arising out of such claim or litigation in favor of, and (iii) does not include any admission of fault, culpability, wrongdoing, or wrongdoing or malfeasance by or on behalf of, the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person. Following
indemnification as provided for hereunder, the indemnifying party shall be subrogated to all rights of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person with respect to all third parties, firms or corporations relating to the matter for which
indemnification has been made. The failure to deliver written notice to the indemnifying party within a reasonable time of the commencement of any such action shall not relieve such indemnifying party of any liability to the Indemnified Person
or Indemnified Party under this Section 6, except to the extent that the indemnifying party is prejudiced in its ability to defend such action. 

(d) The indemnification required by this Section 6 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof
during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or Indemnified Damages are incurred. Any Person receiving a payment pursuant to this Section 6 which person is later determined to not
be entitled to such payment shall return such payment (including reimbursement of expenses) to the person making it. 

(e) The
indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to (i) any cause of action or similar right of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person against the indemnifying party or others, and (ii) any liabilities the indemnifying party
may be subject to pursuant to the law. 

7. 

CONTRIBUTION. 

To the extent any indemnification by an indemnifying party is prohibited or limited by law, the indemnifying party agrees to make the maximum
contribution with respect to any amounts for which it would otherwise be liable under Section 6 to the fullest extent permitted by law; provided, however, that: (i) no seller of Registrable Securities guilty of
fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any seller of Registrable Securities who was not guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation; and (ii) contribution
by any seller of Registrable Securities shall be limited in amount to the net amount of proceeds (net of all expenses paid by such holder in connection with any claim relating to this Section 7 and the amount of any damages
such holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission) received by such seller from the sale of such Registrable Securities giving rise to such contribution obligation.

8. 

ASSIGNMENT OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS. 

The Company shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder (whether by operation of law or otherwise) without the
prior written consent of the Investors holding a majority of the Registrable Securities then outstanding; provided, however, that in any transaction, whether by merger, reorganization, restructuring, consolidation, financing or otherwise, whereby
the Company is a party and in which the Registrable Securities are converted into the equity securities of another Person, from and after the effective time of such transaction, such Person shall, by virtue of such transaction, be deemed to have
assumed the obligations of the Company hereunder, the term Company shall be deemed to refer to such Person and the term Registrable Securities shall be deemed to include the securities received by the Investor in connection
with such transaction unless such securities are otherwise freely tradable by the Investor after giving effect to such transaction, and the prior written consent of the Investors holding a majority of the Registrable Securities then outstanding
shall not be required for such transaction. An Investor may transfer or assign its rights hereunder, in whole or from time to time in part, to one or more Persons in connection with the transfer of Registrable Securities by such Investor to such
Person, 

11 

provided that such Investor complies with all laws applicable thereto, and the provisions of the Purchase Agreement, and provides written notice of assignment to the Company promptly after such
assignment is effected, and such Person agrees in writing to be bound by all of the provisions contained herein. The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Investors and their successors and permitted
assigns. 

9. 

AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS. 

The provisions of this Agreement, including the provisions of this sentence, may be amended, modified or supplemented, or waived only by a
written instrument executed by (i) the Company and (ii) each Investor that, together with its Affiliates (and any other Person that shares the same management company or investment adviser or
sub-adviser as such Investor), agreed to purchase at least $20,000,000 of Registrable Securities pursuant to the Purchase Agreement and at least such amount is then held by such Investor and its Affiliates
(and any other Person that shares the same management company or investment adviser or sub-adviser as such Investor), provided that any party may give a waiver as to itself and provided further that any
amendment, modification, supplement or waiver that disproportionately and adversely affects the rights and obligations of any Investor relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Investors shall require the prior written consent
of such adversely affected Investor or each Investor, as applicable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a waiver or consent to depart from the provisions hereof with respect to a matter that relates exclusively to the rights of one or more Investors and
that does not adversely directly or indirectly affect the rights of other Investors may be given by Investors holding all of the Registrable Securities to which such waiver or consent relates. 

10. 

MISCELLANEOUS. 

(a) Notices. Any notices or other communications required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be
deemed to be given (a) when delivered if personally delivered to the party for whom it is intended, (b) when delivered, if sent by electronic mail during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not sent during normal business hours,
then on the recipients next business day, (c) three (3) days after having been sent by certified or registered mail, return-receipt requested and postage prepaid, or (d) one (1) business day after deposit with a nationally recognized
overnight courier, freight prepaid, specifying next business day delivery, with written verification of receipt: 

i. 

If to the Company, addressed as follows: 

Tectonic Therapeutic, Inc. 

490
Arsenal Way, Suite 210 

Watertown, MA 02472 

Attention: Daniel Lochner 

Email: *** 

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice): 

Cooley LLP 

55 Hudson Yards

New York, NY 10001 

Attention: Divakar Gupta and Brandon Fenn 

Email: *** 

12 

ii. If to any Investor, at its
e-mail address or address set forth on its signature page to the Purchase Agreement or to such e-mail address, or address as subsequently modified by written notice
given in accordance with this Section 10. 

Any Person may change the address to which notices and communications to it are to be
addressed by notification as provided for herein. 

(b) [Reserved]

(c) Waiver. No waiver of any term, provision or condition of this Agreement, whether by conduct or otherwise, in any one or more
instances, shall be deemed to be, or be construed as, a further or continuing waiver of any such term, provision or condition or as a waiver of any other term, provision or condition of this Agreement. 

(d) Governing Law. The provisions of Section 8.5 of the Purchase Agreement are incorporated by
reference herein mutatis mutandis. 

(e) Headings. The titles, subtitles and headings in this Agreement are for
convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Agreement. 

(f) Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more identical counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party; provided
that a facsimile or pdf signature including any electronic signatures complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com shall be considered due execution and shall be binding upon the signatory thereto with the same force and
effect as if the signature were an original, not a facsimile or pdf (or other electronic reproduction of a) signature. 

(g) Further Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things,
and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents as the other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby. 

(h) Contract Interpretation. This Agreement is the joint product of each Investor and the
Company and each provision hereof has been subject to the mutual consultation, negotiation and agreement of such parties and shall not be construed for or against any party hereto. 

(i) No Third Party Beneficiaries. Except as set forth in Section 6, 7 and 8, nothing in this Agreement, express or implied,
is intended to confer on any Person other than the parties to this Agreement any rights, remedies, claims, benefits, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, and no Person that is not a party to this Agreement (including,
without limitation, any partner, member, shareholder, director, officer, employee or other beneficial owner of any party to this Agreement, in its own capacity as such or in bringing a derivative action on behalf of a party to this Agreement) shall
have any standing as a third party beneficiary with respect to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. 

(j) Severability. If any part or provision of this Agreement is held unenforceable or in conflict with the applicable laws or
regulations of any jurisdiction, the invalid or unenforceable part or provisions shall be replaced with a provision which accomplishes, to the extent possible, the original business purpose of such part or provision in a valid and enforceable
manner, and the remainder of this Agreement shall remain binding upon the parties hereto. 

13 

(k) Non-Recourse. Notwithstanding
anything that may be expressed or implied in this Agreement, the Company covenants, agrees and acknowledges that no recourse under this Agreement or any documents or instruments delivered in connection with this Agreement shall be had against any
current or future director, officer, employee, stockholder, general or limited partner or member of the Investors or of any affiliates or assignees thereof, whether by the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding, or by
virtue of any statute, regulation or other applicable law, it being expressly agreed and acknowledged that no personal liability whatsoever shall attach to, be imposed on or otherwise be incurred by any current or future director, officer, employee,
stockholder, general or limited partner or member of the Investors or of any affiliates or assignees thereof, as such for any obligation of the Investors under this Agreement or any documents or instruments delivered in connection with this
Agreement for any claim based on, in respect of or by reason of such obligations or their creation. 

(l) Specific
Performance. In addition to any and all other remedies that may be available at law in the event of any breach of this Agreement, each Investor shall be entitled to specific performance of the agreements and obligations of the Company hereunder
and to such other injunction or other equitable relief as may be granted by a court of competent jurisdiction. 

(m) Cumulative
Remedies. The remedies provided herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law. 

[Signature Page Follows]

14 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Registration Rights Agreement to be
duly executed as of date first written above. 

TECTONIC THERAPEUTIC, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Registration Rights Agreement to be
duly executed as of date first written above. 

INVESTOR:

[NAME]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement] 

Exhibit A 

PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 

The selling
stockholders, which as used herein includes donees, pledgees, transferees or other successors-in-interest selling shares of common stock or interests therein received
after the date of this prospectus from a selling stockholder as a gift, pledge, partnership distribution or other transfer, may, from time to time, sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any or all of their shares of common stock or interests
therein on any stock exchange, market or trading facility on which the shares are traded or in private transactions. These dispositions may be at fixed prices, at prevailing market prices at the time of sale, at prices related to the prevailing
market price, at varying prices determined at the time of sale, or at negotiated prices. 

The selling stockholders may use any one or more of the
following methods when disposing of shares or interests therein: 

distributions to members, partners, stockholders or other equityholders of the selling stockholders;

ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers;

block trades in which the broker-dealer will attempt to sell the shares as agent, but may position and resell a
portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction; 

purchases by a broker-dealer as principal and resale by the broker-dealer for its account; 

an exchange distribution in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange; 

privately negotiated transactions; 

short sales and settlement of short sales entered into after the effective date of the registration statement of
which this prospectus is a part; 

through the writing or settlement of options or other hedging transactions, whether through an options exchange
or otherwise; 

broker-dealers may agree with the selling stockholders to sell a specified number of such shares at a stipulated
price per share; 

a combination of any such methods of sale; and 

any other method permitted pursuant to applicable law. 

The selling stockholders may, from time to time, pledge or grant a security interest in some or all of shares of common stock owned by them and, if they
default in the performance of their secured obligations, the pledgees or secured parties may offer and sell shares of common stock, from time to time, under this prospectus, or under an amendment to this prospectus under Rule 424(b)(3) or other
applicable provision of the Securities Act, amending the list of selling stockholders to include the pledgee, transferee or other successors in interest as selling stockholders under this prospectus. The selling stockholders also may transfer shares
of common stock in other circumstances, in which case the transferees, pledgees or other successors in interest will be the selling stockholders for purposes of this prospectus. 

1 

In addition, a selling stockholder that is an entity may elect to make an
in-kind distribution of securities to its members, partners or stockholders pursuant to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part by delivering a prospectus with a plan of distribution.
Such members, partners or stockholders would thereby receive freely tradeable securities pursuant to the distribution through a registration statement. To the extent a distributee is an affiliate of ours (or to the extent otherwise required by law),
we may file a prospectus supplement in order to permit the distributees to use the prospectus to resell the securities acquired in the distribution. 

In
connection with the sale of our common stock or interests therein, the selling stockholders may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions, which may in turn engage in short sales of the common stock in the
course of hedging the positions they assume. The selling stockholders may also sell shares of our common stock short and deliver these securities to close out their short positions, or loan or pledge the common stock to broker-dealers that in turn
may sell these securities. The selling stockholders may also enter into option or other transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions or the creation of one or more derivative securities which require the delivery to such
broker-dealer or other financial institution of shares offered by this prospectus, which shares such broker-dealer or other financial institution may resell pursuant to this prospectus (as supplemented or amended to reflect such transaction). 

The aggregate proceeds to the selling stockholders from the sale of the common stock offered by them will be the purchase price of the common stock less
discounts or commissions, if any. Each of the selling stockholders reserves the right to accept and, together with their agents from time to time, to reject, in whole or in part, any proposed purchase of common stock to be made directly or through
agents. We will not receive any of the proceeds from this offering. 

The selling stockholders also may resell all or a portion of the shares in open
market transactions in reliance upon Rule 144 under the Securities Act, provided that they meet the criteria and conform to the requirements of that rule, or another available exemption from the registration requirements under the Securities Act.

The selling stockholders and any underwriters, broker-dealers or agents that participate in the sale of the common stock or interests therein may be
underwriters within the meaning of Section 2(a)(11) of the Securities Act (it being understood that the selling stockholders shall not be deemed to be underwriters solely as a result of their participation in this offering). Any
discounts, commissions, concessions or profit they earn on any resale of the shares may be underwriting discounts and commissions under the Securities Act. Selling stockholders who are underwriters within the meaning of
Section 2(a)(11) of the Securities Act will be subject to the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act. 

To the extent required, the
shares of common stock to be sold, the names of the selling stockholders, the respective purchase prices and public offering prices, the names of any agent, dealer or underwriter, and any applicable commissions or discounts with respect to a
particular offer will be set forth in an accompanying prospectus supplement or, if appropriate, a post-effective amendment to the registration statement that includes this prospectus. 

2 

In order to comply with the securities laws of some states, if applicable, the common stock may be sold in
these jurisdictions only through registered or licensed brokers or dealers. In addition, in some states the common stock may not be sold unless it has been registered or qualified for sale or an exemption from registration or qualification
requirements is available and is complied with. 

We have advised the selling stockholders that the anti-manipulation rules of Regulation M under the
Exchange Act may apply to sales of shares in the market and to the activities of the selling stockholders and their affiliates. In addition, to the extent applicable, we will make copies of this prospectus (as it may be supplemented or amended from
time to time) available to the selling stockholders for the purpose of satisfying the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act. The selling stockholders may indemnify any broker-dealer that participates in transactions involving the
sale of the shares against certain liabilities, including liabilities arising under the Securities Act. 

We have agreed to indemnify the selling
stockholders against liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act and state securities laws, relating to the registration of the shares of common stock offered by this prospectus. 

We have agreed with the selling stockholders to use reasonable best efforts to cause the registration statement of which this prospectus constitutes a part to
become effective and to remain continuously effective until the earlier of: (i) the date on which the selling stockholders shall have resold or otherwise disposed of all the shares covered by this prospectus pursuant to Rule 144 or pursuant to
this prospectus, and (ii) the date on which the securities covered by this prospectus no longer constitute Registrable Securities as such term is defined in the Registration Rights Agreement, such that they may be resold by the
selling stockholders without registration and without regard to any volume or manner-of-sale limitations and without current public information pursuant to Rule 144
under the Securities Act or any other rule of similar effect. 

3 

Exhibit B 

Investor Questionnaire 

The undersigned
hereby provides the following information to the Company and represents and warrants that such information is accurate: 

QUESTIONNAIRE

1. Name. 

(a) Full Legal Name of Investor

(b) Full Legal Name of Registered Holder (if not the same as (a) above) through which Registrable Securities are held:

(c) Full Legal Name of Natural Control Person (which means a natural person who directly or indirectly alone or with others has power to vote or dispose of the securities covered by this Questionnaire):

2. Address for Notices to Investor:

Telephone:

E-Mail:

Contact Person:

4 

3. Broker-Dealer Status: 

(a) 

Are you a broker-dealer? 

Yes No 

(b) 

If yes to Section 3(a), did you receive your Registrable Securities as compensation for
investment banking services to the Company? 

Yes No 

Note: 

If no to Section 3(b), the Commissions staff has indicated that you should be identified
as an underwriter in the Registration Statement. 

(c) 

Are you an affiliate of a broker-dealer? 

Yes No 

(d) 

If you are an affiliate of a broker-dealer, do you certify that you purchased the Registrable Securities in the
ordinary course of business, and at the time of the purchase of the Registrable Securities to be resold, you had no agreements or understandings, directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute the Registrable Securities?

Yes No 

Note: 

If no to Section 3(d), the Commissions staff has indicated that you should be identified
as an underwriter in the Registration Statement. 

4. Beneficial Ownership of Securities of the Company Owned by the Investor.

Except as set forth below in this Item 4, the undersigned is not the beneficial or registered owner of any securities of the
Company other than the securities issuable pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. 

(a) 

Type and Amount of other securities beneficially owned by the Investor: 

5 

5. Relationships with the Company: 

Except as set forth below, neither the undersigned nor any of its affiliates, officers, directors or principal equity holders (owners of 5%
of more of the equity securities of the undersigned) has held any position or office or has had any other material relationship with the Company (or its predecessors or affiliates) during the past three years. 

State any exceptions here: 

The undersigned acknowledges that the Securities Act and the rules and regulation promulgates thereunder may
require the undersigned to promptly notify the Company of any material inaccuracies or changes in the information provided herein that may occur subsequent to the date hereof at any time as long as the undersigned holds Registrable Securities (as
defined in the Registration Rights Agreement). In the absence of any such notification, the Company shall be entitled to continue to rely on the accuracy of the information in this Notice and Questionnaire. 

By signing below, the undersigned consents to the disclosure of the information contained herein in its answers to Items 1 through 5 and the
inclusion of such information in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto. The undersigned understands that such information will be relied upon by the Company in connection with the preparation
or amendment of the Registration Statement and the related prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the
undersigned, by authority duly given, has caused this Notice and Questionnaire to be executed and delivered either in person or by its duly authorized agent. 

Date: 

Beneficial Owner: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

PLEASE EMAIL A .PDF COPY OF THE COMPLETED AND EXECUTED QUESTIONNAIRE TO: 

6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d843684dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

Tectonic Announces $185 Million Private Placement 

WATERTOWN, Mass., February 3, 2025 Tectonic Therapeutic, Inc. (NASDAQ: TECX)
(Tectonic),today announced that it has entered into a securities purchase agreement for a private investment in public equity financing (the PIPE) that is expected to result in gross proceeds of
approximately $185.0 million. 

Pursuant to the terms of the securities purchase agreement, at the closing of the PIPE, Tectonic will issue an
aggregate of 3,689,465 shares of common stock at a price of $50.00 per share to fund investors and $54.14 per share to individual investors that are either an officer or director of Tectonic. 

The PIPE financing included participation from new and existing investors, including Adage Capital Partners LP, Ally Bridge Group, Deep Track Capital, EcoR1
Capital, funds managed by Farallon Capital Management, L.L.C., Soleus Capital, StemPoint Capital LP, TAS Partners, Woodline Partners LP, a major mutual fund, a life-sciences focused institutional investor and other investors. 

We are excited to announce this significant financing, said Alise Reicin, M.D, Chief Executive Officer of Tectonic. The additional capital
will help us further advance our discovery and development of therapeutic proteins and antibodies that modulate the activity of G-protein coupled receptors. 

TD Cowen, Leerink Partners, Piper Sandler and Wells Fargo Securities acted as placement agents for the PIPE. 

Tectonic expects to use net proceeds from the PIPE to fund the clinical development of TX45, clinical development of TX2100, discovery platform development as
well as for working capital and other general corporate purposes. The PIPE is expected to close on February 5, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. 

The offer and sale of the shares of common stock to be sold in the PIPE are being made in a transaction not involving a public offering, and the shares have
not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or any applicable state securities laws and, unless so registered, may not be offered or sold in the United States except pursuant to an exemption from the
registration requirements of the Securities Act and such applicable state securities laws. Tectonic has agreed to register the resale of the shares of common stock to be issued in the PIPE with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state
or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. 

About Tectonic 

Tectonic is a biotechnology company
focused on the discovery and development of therapeutic proteins and antibodies that modulate the activity of G-protein coupled receptors (GPCRs). Leveraging its proprietary technology
platform called GEODe (GPCRs Engineered for Optimal Discovery), Tectonic is focused on developing biologic medicines that overcome the existing challenges of GPCR-targeted drug discovery and
harness the human body to modify the course of disease. Tectonic focuses on areas of significant unmet medical need, often where therapeutic options are poor or nonexistent, as these are areas where new medicines have the potential to improve
patient quality of life. Tectonic is headquartered in Watertown, Massachusetts. For more information, please visit www.tectonictx.com and follow on LinkedIn. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements in this press release other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as aims, anticipates,
believes, could, estimates, expects, forecasts, goal, intends, may, plans, possible, potential, seeks,
will and variations of these words or similar expressions that are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. Forward-looking statements in this press release include
statements regarding: the timing, size and completion of the PIPE and the anticipated use of proceeds from the PIPE. These forward-looking statements are based on Tectonics expectations and assumptions as of the date of this press release.
Each of these forward-looking statements involves risks and uncertainties that could cause Tectonics clinical development programs, future results or performance to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking
statements. Many factors may cause differences between current expectations and actual results, including: the potential that success in preclinical testing and earlier clinical trials does not ensure that later clinical trials will generate the
same results or otherwise provide adequate data to demonstrate the efficacy and safety of a product candidate; the impacts of macroeconomic conditions, heightened inflation and uncertain credit and financial markets, on Tectonics business,
clinical trials and financial position; unexpected safety or efficacy data observed during preclinical studies or clinical trials; clinical trial site activation or enrollment rates that are lower than expected; Tectonics ability to realize
the benefits of its collaborations and license agreements; changes in expected or existing competition; changes in the regulatory environment; the uncertainties and timing of the regulatory approval process; and unexpected litigation or other
disputes. Other factors that may cause Tectonics actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements in this press release are identified under the heading Risk Factors in Tectonics
quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 12, 2024, and in other filings that Tectonic makes and will make with the SEC in the future. Tectonic expressly disclaims
any obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise, except as otherwise required by law. 

Contacts: 

Investors: 

Dan Ferry 

LifeSci Advisors 

daniel@lifesciadvisors.com 

(617)
430-7576

Media: 

Kathryn Morris 

The Yates Network 

kathryn@theyatesnetwork.com 

(914)
204-6412
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tecx-20250203.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tecx-20250203_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tecx-20250203_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 03, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001681087

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 03, 2025

Entity Registrant Name TECTONIC THERAPEUTIC, INC.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-38537

Entity Tax Identification Number 81-0710585

Entity Address, Address Line One 490 Arsenal Way

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 210

Entity Address, City or Town Watertown

Entity Address, State or Province MA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 02472

City Area Code (339)

Local Phone Number 666-3320

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share

Trading Symbol TECX

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.tectonictx.com//20250203/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d843684d8k.htm 
tecx-20250203.xsd 
tecx-20250203_lab.xml 
tecx-20250203_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-018840-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>d843684d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001681087 

2025-02-03 
2025-02-03 

false 
0001681087 
8-K 
2025-02-03 
TECTONIC THERAPEUTIC, INC. 
DE 
001-38537 
81-0710585 
490 Arsenal Way 
Suite 210 
Watertown 
MA 
02472 
(339) 
666-3320 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share 
TECX 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>