<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001171843-25-000085.txt : 20250107
<SEC-HEADER>0001171843-25-000085.hdr.sgml : 20250107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250107160549
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001171843-25-000085
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250103
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ZW Data Action Technologies Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001376321
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				204672080
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34647
		FILM NUMBER:		25514913

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		NO.3 MIN ZHUANG ROAD, BUILDING 6,
		STREET 2:		YU QUAN HUI GU TUSPARK,
		CITY:			HAIDIAN DISTRICT, BEIJING,
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			100195
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888-419-9455

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		101-C N. GREENVILLE AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 255
		CITY:			ALLEN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75002

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ChinaNet Online Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090724

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EMAZING INTERACTIVE, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060922
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>f8k_010325.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000137632100013763212025-01-032025-01-03iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

______________

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 3, 2025 (January
2, 2025)

ZW Data Action Technologies Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Nevada 001-34647 20-4672080

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.)

10th Floor, Tower A, No. 68 First Helong Road

Baiyun District,
Guangzhou City, Guangdong Province, CN510440

(Address of Principal Executive Offices and Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code:

+86-10-60846616

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the
filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405
of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of
this chapter). Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the
extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of
the Exchange Act. 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.001 CNET NASDAQ Capital Market

1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On January 2, 2025, ZW Data Action Technologies Inc. (the Company)
entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Agreement 1) with Pearl River Partners Limited, a British Virgin
Islands company (BVI company number: 675079) (the Purchaser 1), pursuant to which the Purchaser 1 agreed to purchase
119,100 shares of common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share for an aggregate purchase price of US$250,110, representing
a purchase price of US$2.1 per share. The closing shall take place on the date mutually agreed by the parties, subject to the closing
conditions contained in the Agreement 1. On the date that the Agreement 1 was signed, the Purchaser 1 also entered into a lock-up agreement
with the Company, whereby the Purchaser 1 agreed not to transfer the shares until six-month anniversary of the date of the Agreement 1.

On January 3, 2025, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement
(the Agreement 2) with Bezier Investments Limited, a British Virgin Islands company (BVI company number: 2165068)(the
Purchaser 2), pursuant to which the Purchaser 2 agreed to purchase 119,100 shares of common stock of the Company,
par value $0.001 per share for an aggregate purchase price of US$250,110, representing a purchase price of US$2.1 per share. The closing
shall take place on the date mutually agreed by the parties, subject to the closing conditions contained in the Agreement 2. On the date
that the Agreement 2 was signed, the Purchaser 2 also entered into a lock-up agreement with the Company, whereby the Purchaser 2 agreed
not to transfer the shares until six-month anniversary of the date of the Agreement 2.

Copies of the securities purchase agreements and the lock-up agreements are
attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2, 10.3 and 10.4 and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The disclosure required by this Item and included in Item
1.01 of this Current Report is incorporated herein by reference. The shares were sold without registration under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), in reliance on the exemptions provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act and Regulations D and S promulgated thereunder as sales to accredited investors and in reliance on similar exemptions
under applicable state laws.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit Number Description

10.1 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated January 2, 2025

10.2 Lock-Up Agreement, dated January 2, 2025

10.3 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated January 3, 2025

10.4 Lock-up Agreement, dated January 3, 2025

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant
has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

ZW DATA ACTION TECHNOLOGIES INC.

Dated: January 7, 2025 

By: /s/ Handong Cheng

Name: Handong Cheng

Title: Chief Executive Officer and Acting Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exh_101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement)
is dated as of January 2, 2025 by and among ZW Data Action Technologies Inc., a Nevada corporation (NASDAQ: CNET) (the
Company), and Pearl River Partners Limited, a British Virgin Islands business company (BVI Company number: 675079
(the Purchaser).

ARTICLE I

Purchase and Sale of Common Stock 

Section 1.1 Purchase and Sale of Common Stock.
Upon the following terms and conditions, the Company is offering to the Purchaser 119,100 shares of common stock (the Shares).

Section 1.2 Purchase Price and Closing. Subject
to the terms and conditions hereof, the Company agrees to issue and sell to the Purchaser and, in consideration of and in express reliance
upon the representations, warranties, covenants, terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Purchaser agrees to purchase the Shares for
$2.1 per Share (the Purchase Price) for an aggregate purchase price of $250,110. The Purchaser shall pay the Purchase
Price in full at closing which shall take place at the offices of Loeb & Loeb, LLP, 345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154 (the Closing)
on the date mutually agreed to by the parties (the Closing Date). Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
at the Closing, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Purchaser (x) a certificate for the number of Shares subscribed
for and (y) any other documents required to be delivered pursuant to Article IV hereof.

ARTICLE II

Representations and Warranties

Section 2.1 Representations and Warranties of the
Company, its Subsidiaries and the PRC Operating Entities. The Company hereby represents and warrants to the Purchaser on behalf of
itself, its Subsidiaries (as hereinafter defined) and the PRC Operating Entities (as hereinafter defined), as of the date hereof, as follows:

(a) Organization, Good Standing and Power. Each
of the Company, its Subsidiaries and the PRC Operating Entities is a corporation or other entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization (as applicable) and has the
requisite corporate power to own, lease and operate its properties and assets and to conduct its business as it is now being conducted.
Each of the Company, its Subsidiaries and the PRC Operating Entities is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in every
jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary except for any jurisdiction(s)
(alone or in the aggregate) in which the failure to be so qualified will not have a Material Adverse Effect (as defined in Section 2.1(g)
hereof) on the Companys consolidated financial condition.

(b) Corporate Power; Authority and Enforcement.
The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement and the Lock-Up Agreement, attached
hereto as Exhibit A (collectively, the Transaction Documents),and to issue and sell the Shares in accordance
with the terms hereof. The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and no further
consent or authorization of the Company or its Board of Directors or stockholders is required. Each of the Transaction Documents constitutes,
or shall constitute when executed and delivered, a valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance
with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation,
conservatorship, receivership or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies
or by other equitable principles of general application.

(c) Capitalization. The authorized capital stock
of the Company and the shares thereof currently issued and outstanding as of the date hereof is set forth in the Companys filings
made with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission). All of the issued and outstanding shares of common
stock of the Company have been duly and validly authorized. The offer and sale of all capital stock, convertible securities, rights, warrants,
or options of the Company issued prior to the Closing complied with all applicable Federal and state securities laws.

(d) Issuance of Shares. The Shares to be issued
at the Closing have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and the Shares, when paid for or issued in accordance with
the terms hereof, will be validly issued and outstanding, fully paid and nonassessable and, immediately after the Closing, the Purchaser
will be the record and beneficial owners of all of such securities and have good and valid title to all of such securities, free and clear
of all encumbrances.

(e) Subsidiaries. There are no outstanding preemptive,
conversion or other rights, options, warrants or agreements granted or issued by or binding upon any Subsidiary for the purchase or acquisition
of any shares of capital stock of any Subsidiary or any other securities convertible into, exchangeable for or evidencing the rights to
subscribe for any shares of such capital stock. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is subject to any obligation (contingent or otherwise)
to repurchase or otherwise acquire or retire any shares of the capital stock of any Subsidiary or any convertible securities, rights,
warrants or options of the type described in the preceding sentence. Except as filed as exhibits with the Commission, neither the Company
nor any Subsidiary is party to, nor has any knowledge of, any agreement restricting the voting or transfer of any shares of the capital
stock of any Subsidiary. For the purposes of this Agreement, Subsidiary shall mean any corporation or other entity
of which at least a majority of the securities or other ownership interests having ordinary voting power (absolutely or contingently)
for the election of directors or other persons performing similar functions are at the time owned directly or indirectly by the Company
and/or any of its other Subsidiaries. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary has been duly authorized and validly
issued, and are fully paid and nonassessable.

(f) Commission Documents, Financial Statements.
The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it with the Commission pursuant
to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), including material
filed pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (all of the foregoing including filings incorporated by reference therein
being referred to herein as the Commission Documents). The Company has not provided to the Purchaser any material
non-public information or other information which, according to applicable law, rule or regulation, was required to have been disclosed
publicly by the Company but which has not been so disclosed, other than (i) with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
or (ii) pursuant to a non-disclosure or confidentiality agreement signed by the Purchaser. At the time of the respective filings, the
Form 10-Ks and the Form 10-Qs complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules
and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder and other federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations applicable to
such documents. As of their respective filing dates, none of the Form 10-Ks or Form 10-Qs contained any untrue statement
of a material fact; and none omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in
the Commission Documents (the Financial Statements) comply as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting
requirements and the published rules and regulations of the Commission or other applicable rules and regulations with respect thereto.
The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP)
applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (except (i) as may be otherwise indicated in the Financial Statements or the
notes thereto or (ii) in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may not include footnotes or may be condensed or
summary statements), and fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company as of the dates thereof
and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end
audit adjustments).

(g) No Material Adverse Effect. Since January
2, 2025, neither the Company, the Subsidiaries, nor the PRC Operating Entities has experienced or suffered any Material Adverse Effect.
For the purposes of this Agreement, Material Adverse Effect means any material adverse effect on the business, operations,
properties, or financial condition of the Company, its Subsidiaries, the PRC Operating Entities, individually, or in the aggregate and/or
any condition, circumstance, or situation that would prohibit or otherwise materially interfere with the ability of the Company to perform
any of its obligations under this Agreement in any material respect.

(h) No Undisclosed Liabilities. Other than as
set forth in the Commission Documents, to the knowledge of the Company, neither the Company, the Subsidiaries, nor the PRC Operating Entities
has any liabilities, obligations, claims or losses (whether liquidated or unliquidated, secured or unsecured, absolute, accrued, contingent
or otherwise) other than those incurred in the ordinary course of the Companys, the Subsidiaries and the PRC Operating Entities
respective businesses since January 2, 2025 and which, individually or in the aggregate, do not or would not have a Material Adverse Effect
on the Company, the Subsidiaries or the PRC Operating Entities.

(i) No Undisclosed Events or Circumstances. To
the Companys knowledge, no event or circumstance has occurred or exists with respect to the Company, the Subsidiaries or the PRC
Operating Entities or their respective businesses, properties, operations or financial condition, which, under applicable law, rule or
regulation, requires public disclosure or announcement by the Company but which has not been so publicly announced or disclosed.

(j) Indebtedness. The Financial Statements set
forth all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company on a consolidated basis, or for which the Company, the Subsidiaries
or the PRC Operating Entities have commitments as of the date of Financial Statements or any subsequent period that would require disclosure.
For the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness shall mean (a) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed
in excess of $50,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (b) all guaranties, endorsements
and other contingent obligations in respect of Indebtedness of others, whether or not the same should be reflected in the Companys
consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection
or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (c) the present value of any lease payments in excess of $25,000 due under
leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither the Company, the Subsidiaries nor the PRC Operating Entities is in
default with respect to any Indebtedness.

(k) Title to Assets. Each of the Company, the
Subsidiaries and the PRC Operating Entities has good and marketable title to (i) all properties and assets purportedly owned or used by
them as reflected in the Financial Statements, (ii) all properties and assets necessary for the conduct of their business as currently
conducted, and (iii) all of the real and personal property reflected in the Financial Statements free and clear of any Lien. All leases
are valid and subsisting and in full force and effect.

(l) Actions Pending. There is no action, suit,
claim, investigation, arbitration, alternate dispute resolution proceeding or any other proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of the
Company, threatened against or involving the Company, any Subsidiary or any PRC Operating Entity which questions the validity of this
Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or any action taken or to be taken pursuant
hereto or thereto.

(m) Compliance with Law. The Company, the Subsidiaries
and the PRC Operating Entities have all material franchises, permits, licenses, consents and other governmental or regulatory authorizations
and approvals necessary for the conduct of their respective business as now being conducted by it unless the failure to possess such franchises,
permits, licenses, consents and other governmental or regulatory authorizations and approvals, individually or in the aggregate, could
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(n) No Violation. The business of the Company,
the Subsidiaries and the PRC Operating Entities is not being conducted in violation of any Federal, state, local or foreign governmental
laws, or rules, regulations and ordinances of any of any governmental entity, except for possible violations which singularly or in the
aggregate could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company is not required under Federal, state, local
or foreign law, rule or regulation to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court
or governmental agency in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under the Transaction Documents, or issue
and sell the Shares, in accordance with the terms hereof (other than (x) any consent, authorization or order that has been obtained as
of the date hereof, (y) any filing or registration that has been made as of the date hereof or (z) any filings which may be required to
be made by the Company with the Commission or state securities administrators subsequent to the Closing).

(o) No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and
performance of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated herein do
not and will not (i) violate any provision of the Companys Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws, (ii) conflict with, or constitute
a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination,
amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, mortgage, deed of trust, indenture, note, bond, license, lease agreement, instrument
or obligation to which the Company is a party or by which it or its properties or assets are bound, (iii) create or impose a lien, mortgage,
security interest, pledge, charge or encumbrance (collectively, Lien) of any nature on any property of the Company
under any agreement or any commitment to which the Company is a party or by which the Company is bound or by which any of its respective
properties or assets are bound, or (iv) result in a violation of any federal, state, local or foreign statute, rule, regulation, order,
judgment or decree (including Federal and state securities laws and regulations) applicable to the Company or any of its subsidiaries
or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its subsidiaries are bound or affected, provided, however, that,
excluded from the foregoing in all cases are such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations
as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.

(p) Taxes. Each of the Company, the Subsidiaries
and the PRC Operating Entities, to the extent its applicable, has accurately prepared and filed all federal, state and other tax returns
required by law to be filed by it, has paid or made provisions for the payment of all taxes shown to be due and all additional assessments,
and adequate provisions have been and are reflected in the consolidated financial statements of the Company for all current taxes and
other charges to which the Company, the Subsidiaries or the PRC Operating Entities, if any, is subject and which are not currently due
and payable. None of the federal income tax returns of the Company have been audited by the Internal Revenue Service. The Company has
no knowledge of any additional assessments, adjustments or contingent tax liability (whether federal, state or foreign) of any nature
whatsoever, whether pending or threatened against the Company or any subsidiary for any period, nor of any basis for any such assessment,
adjustment or contingency.

(q) Certain Fees. No brokers fees, finders
fees or financial advisory fees or commissions will be payable by the Company with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents.

(r) Disclosure. Neither this Agreement nor any
other documents, certificates or instruments furnished to the Purchaser by or on behalf of the Company, the Subsidiaries or the PRC Operating
Entities in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made herein or therein, taken as a whole and in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made herein or therein, not false or misleading.

(s) Intellectual Property. Each of the Company,
the Subsidiaries and the PRC Operating Entities, owns or has the lawful right to use all patents, trademarks, domain names (whether or
not registered) and any patentable improvements or copyrightable derivative works thereof, websites and intellectual property rights relating
thereto, service marks, trade names, copyrights, licenses and authorizations, if any, and all rights with respect to the foregoing, if
any, which are necessary for the conduct of their respective business as now conducted without any conflict with the rights of others,
except where the failure to so own or possess would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(t) Books and Record Internal Accounting Controls.
Except as may have otherwise been disclosed in the Commission Documents, the books and records of the Company, the Subsidiaries and the
PRC Operating Entities accurately reflect in all material respects the information relating to the business of the Company, the Subsidiaries
and the PRC Operating Entities, the location and collection of their assets, and the nature of all transactions giving rise to the obligations
or accounts receivable of the Company, the Subsidiaries or the PRC Operating Entities. Except as disclosed in the Commission Documents,
the Company, the Subsidiaries and the PRC Operating Entities maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient, in the judgment
of the Company, to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific
authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and
to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization
and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate actions are
taken with respect to any differences.

(u) Material Agreements. Any and all written or
oral contracts, instruments, agreements, commitments, obligations, plans or arrangements, the Company, the Subsidiaries and the PRC Operating
Entities is a party to, that a copy of which would be required to be filed with the Commission as an exhibit to a registration statement
on Form S-1 (collectively, the Material Agreements) if the Company or any subsidiary were registering securities
under the Securities Act has previously been publicly filed with the Commission in the Commission Documents. Each of the Company, the
Subsidiaries and the PRC Operating Entities has in all material respects performed all the obligations required to be performed by them
to date under the foregoing agreements, have received no notice of default and are not in default under any Material Agreement now in
effect the result of which would cause a Material Adverse Effect.

(v) Transactions with Affiliates. Except as set
forth in the Financial Statements or in the Commission Documents, there are no loans, leases, agreements, contracts, royalty agreements,
management contracts or arrangements or other continuing transactions between (a) the Company or any Subsidiary on the one hand, and (b)
on the other hand, any officer, employee, consultant or director of the Company, or any of Subsidiaries, or any person owning any capital
stock of the Company or any Subsidiary or any member of the immediate family of such officer, employee, consultant, director or stockholder
or any corporation or other entity controlled by such officer, employee, consultant, director or stockholder, or a member of the immediate
family of such officer, employee, consultant, director or stockholder.

(w) Securities Act of 1933. Assuming the accuracy
of the representations of the Purchaser set forth in Section 2.2 hereof, the Company has complied and will comply with all applicable
federal and state securities laws in connection with the offer, issuance and sale of the Shares hereunder. Neither the Company nor anyone
acting on its behalf, directly or indirectly, has or will sell, offer to sell or solicit offers to buy any of the Shares, or solicit offers
with respect thereto from, or enter into any preliminary conversations or negotiations relating thereto with, any person, or has taken
or will take any action so as to bring the issuance and sale of any of the Shares in violation of the registration provisions of the Securities
Act and applicable state securities laws, and neither the Company nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf,
has engaged in any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D under the Securities Act) in
connection with the offer or sale of any of the Shares.

(x) Governmental Approvals. Except for the filing
of any notice prior or subsequent to the Closing Date that may be required under applicable state and/or Federal securities laws (which
if required, shall be filed on a timely basis), no authorization, consent, approval, license, exemption of, filing or registration with
any court or governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, is or will be necessary
for, or in connection with, the execution or delivery of the Shares, or for the performance by the Company of its obligations under the
Transaction Documents.

(y) Employees. Except as disclosed in the Commission
Documents, neither the Company nor any subsidiary has any collective bargaining arrangements covering any of its employees. Since November
[*], 2024, no officer, consultant or key employee of the Company or any subsidiary whose termination, either individually or in the aggregate,
would have a Material Adverse Effect, has terminated or, to the knowledge of the Company, has any present intention of terminating his
or her employment or engagement with the Company or any subsidiary.

(z) Public Utility Holding Company Act; Investment
Company Act and U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation Status. The Company is not a holding company or a public
utility company as such terms are defined in the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935, as amended. The Company is not, and
as a result of and immediately upon the Closing will not be, an investment company or a company controlled
by an investment company, within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company is not and has
never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

(aa) ERISA. No liability to the Pension Benefit
Guaranty Corporation has been incurred with respect to any Plan (as defined below) by the Company or any of its subsidiaries which is
or would be materially adverse to the Company and its subsidiaries. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents and the issuance and sale of the Shares will not involve any transaction which is subject to the prohibitions of Section 406
of ERISA or in connection with which a tax could be imposed pursuant to Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,
provided, that, if the Purchaser, or any person or entity that owns a beneficial interest in the Purchaser, is an employee pension
benefit plan (within the meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA) with respect to which the Company is a party in interest
(within the meaning of Section 3(14) of ERISA), the requirements of Sections 407(d)(5) and 408(e) of ERISA, if applicable, are met. As
used in this Section 2.1(bb), the term Plan shall mean an employee pension benefit plan (as defined
in Section 3 of ERISA) which is or has been established or maintained, or to which contributions are or have been made, by the Company
or any subsidiary or by any trade or business, whether or not incorporated, which, together with the Company or any subsidiary, is under
common control, as described in Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code.

(bb) Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Company is in compliance
with the applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder, that are effective and for which compliance by the Company is required as of the date hereof.

(cc) Additional PRC Representations and Warranties.

(i) All material consents, approvals, authorizations
or licenses requisite under PRC law for the due and proper establishment and operation of the PRC Operating Entities have been duly obtained
from the relevant PRC governmental authorities and are in full force and effect.

(ii) All filings and registrations with the PRC governmental
authorities required in respect of the PRC Operating Entities and their capital structure and operations including, without limitation,
to the extent applicable, tax bureau and customs authorities, have been duly completed in accordance with the relevant PRC rules and regulations,
except where the failure to complete such filings and registrations does not, and would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a
Material Adverse Effect.

(iii) Neither the Company, the Subsidiaries, nor any
PRC Operating Entity or affiliated entity is in receipt of any letter or notice from any relevant PRC governmental or quasi-governmental
authority notifying it of the revocation, or otherwise questioning the validity, of any licenses or qualifications issued to it or any
subsidy granted to it by any PRC governmental authority, or the need for compliance or remedial actions in respect of the activities carried
out by the Company or such subsidiary.

(iv) The PRC Operating Entities have conducted their
respective business activities within their permitted scope of business or have otherwise operated their respective businesses in compliance
with all relevant legal requirements and with all requisite licenses and approvals granted by competent PRC governmental authorities other
than such non-compliance that do not, and would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. As to licenses,
approvals and government grants and concessions requisite or material for the conduct of any part of the PRC Operating Entities
business which is subject to periodic renewal, neither the Company, the Subsidiaries, nor any PRC Operating Entity has any knowledge of
any grounds on which such requisite renewals will not be granted by the relevant PRC governmental authorities.

(v) The PRC Operating Entities have complied with all
applicable PRC laws and regulations in all material respects, including without limitation, laws and regulations pertaining to welfare
fund contributions, social benefits, medical benefits, insurance, retirement benefits, pensions or the like.

(dd) No Additional Agreements. Neither the Company
nor any of its affiliates has any agreement or understanding with the Purchaser with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents other than as specified in the Transaction Documents.

(ee) Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Neither the
Company, the Subsidiaries, the PRC Operating Entities, nor to the knowledge of the Company, the Subsidiaries, the PRC Operating Entities
any agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company, the Subsidiaries or the PRC Operating Entities, has, directly or indirectly,
(i) used any funds, or will use any proceeds from the sale of the Shares, for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful
expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials
or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution
made by the Company, or any subsidiary of the Company (or made by any Person acting on their behalf of which the Company is aware) or
any members of their respective management which is in violation of any applicable law, or (iv) has violated in any material respect any
provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder which was applicable to the
Company or any of its subsidiaries.

(ff) PFIC. None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is or intends to become a passive foreign investment company within the meaning of Section 1297 of the U.S. Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended.

(gg) OFAC. None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, agent, employee, affiliate or person acting on behalf of any of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S.
Treasury Department (OFAC); and the Company will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the sale of the Shares,
or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary of the Company, joint venture partner or other Person
or entity, towards any sales or operations in Cuba, Iran, Syria, Sudan, Myanmar or any other country sanctioned by OFAC or for the purpose
of financing the activities of any Person currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC.

(hh) Money Laundering Laws. The operations of
each of the Company, the Subsidiaries and the PRC Operating Entities have been conducted at all times in compliance with the money laundering
requirements of all applicable governmental authorities and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered
or enforced by any governmental authority (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws) and no action, suit or proceeding by
or before any court or governmental authority or any arbitrator involving any of the Company, the Subsidiaries or the PRC Operating Entities
with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, threatened.

Section 2.2 Representations and Warranties of the
Purchaser. The Purchaser hereby makes the following representations and warranties to the Company as of the date hereof:

(a) Organization and Good Standing of the Purchaser.
If the Purchaser is an entity, the Purchaser is a corporation, partnership or limited liability company duly incorporated or organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization.

(b) Authorization and Power. The Purchaser has
the requisite power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which the Purchaser
is a party and to purchase the Shares being sold to it hereunder. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each of
the other Transaction Documents to which the Purchaser is a party and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby have
been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership or limited liability company action, and no further consent or authorization
of the Purchaser or its Board of Directors, stockholders, partners, members, or managers, as the case may be, is required. This Agreement
and each of the other Transaction Documents to which the Purchaser is a party has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the
Purchaser and constitutes, or shall constitute when executed and delivered, a valid and binding obligation of the Purchaser enforceable
against the Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof.

(c) No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which the Purchaser is a party and the consummation by the
Purchaser of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby or related hereto do not and will not (i) result in a violation of the Purchasers
charter documents, bylaws, operating agreement, partnership agreement or other organizational documents or (ii) conflict with, or constitute
a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination,
amendment, acceleration or cancellation of any agreement, indenture or instrument or obligation to which the Purchaser is a party or by
which its properties or assets are bound, or result in a violation of any law, rule, or regulation, or any order, judgment or decree of
any court or governmental agency applicable to the Purchaser or its properties (except for such conflicts, defaults and violations as
would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on such Purchaser). The Purchaser is not required to obtain
any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court or governmental agency in order for it to execute,
deliver or perform any of its obligations under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which the Purchaser is a party or
to purchase the Shares in accordance with the terms hereof, provided, that for purposes of the representation made in this sentence, the
Purchaser is assuming and relying upon the accuracy of the relevant representations and agreements of the Company herein.

(d) Regulation S. The Purchaser is a non-US
person as defined in Regulation S and shall purchase the Shares in compliance with Regulation S.

(e) Acquisition for Investment. The Purchaser
is acquiring the Shares solely for its own account for the purpose of investment and not with a view to or for sale in connection with
a distribution. The Purchaser does not have a present intention to sell the Shares, nor a present arrangement (whether or not legally
binding) or intention to effect any distribution of the Shares to or through any person or entity. The Purchaser acknowledges that it
is able to bear the financial risks associated with an investment in the Shares and that it has been given full access to such records
of the Company, the Subsidiaries and the PRC Operating Entities and to the officers of the Company, the Subsidiaries and the PRC Operating
Entities and received such information as it has deemed necessary or appropriate to conduct its due diligence investigation and has sufficient
knowledge and experience in investing in companies similar to the Company in terms of the Companys stage of development so as to
be able to evaluate the risks and merits of its investment in the Company. The Purchaser further acknowledges that it understands the
risks of investing in companies domiciled and/or which operate primarily in the PRC and that the purchase of the Shares involves substantial
risks.

(f) Opportunities for Additional Information.
The Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to ask questions of and receive answers from, or obtain additional information
from, the executive officers of the Company concerning the financial and other affairs of the Company.

(g) No General Solicitation. The Purchaser acknowledges
that the Shares were not offered to the Purchaser by means of any form of general or public solicitation or general advertising, or publicly
disseminated advertisements or sales literature, including (i) any advertisement, article, notice or other communication published in
any newspaper, magazine, or similar media, or broadcast over television or radio, or (ii) any seminar or meeting to which the Purchaser
was invited by any of the foregoing means of communications.

(h) Rule 144. The Purchaser understands that the
Shares must be held indefinitely unless such Shares are registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from registration is available.
The Purchaser acknowledges that the Purchaser is familiar with Rule 144, of the rules and regulations of the Commission, as amended, promulgated
pursuant to the Securities Act (Rule 144), and that such person has been advised that Rule 144 permits resales only
under certain circumstances. The Purchaser understands that to the extent that Rule 144 is not available, the Purchaser will be unable
to sell any Shares without either registration under the Securities Act or the existence of another exemption from such registration requirement.

(i) General. The Purchaser understands that the
Shares are being offered and sold in reliance on a transactional exemption from the registration requirements of Federal and state securities
laws and the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy of the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings
of the Purchaser set forth herein in order to determine the applicability of such exemptions and the suitability of the Purchaser to acquire
the Shares.

(j) Brokers. No Purchaser has any knowledge of
any brokerage or finders fees or commissions that are or will be payable by the Company to any broker, financial advisor or consultant,
finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other person or entity with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

ARTICLE III

Covenants

The Company covenants with the Purchaser as follows:

Section 3.1 Securities Compliance. The Company
shall notify the Commission in accordance with its rules and regulations, of the transactions contemplated by any of the Transaction Documents
and shall take all other necessary action and proceedings as may be required and permitted by applicable law, rule and regulation, for
the legal and valid issuance of the Shares.

Section 3.2 Compliance with Laws. The
Company shall comply, and cause each Subsidiary to comply in all material respects, with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and
orders.

Section 3.3 Reporting Requirements. The
Company shall comply in all respects with its reporting and filing obligations under the Exchange Act.

Section 3.4 Other Agreements. The Company
shall not enter into any agreement the terms of which would restrict or impair the ability of the Company to perform its obligations
under any Transaction Document.

Section 3.5 Disclosure of Transaction. The
Company shall file with the Commission, the Form 8-K describing the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby within
four (4) Business Days following the Closing Date.

ARTICLE IV

CONDITIONS

Section 4.1 Conditions Precedent to the Obligation
of the Company to Sell the Shares. The obligation hereunder of the Company to issue and sell the Shares to the Purchaser is subject
to the satisfaction or waiver, at or before the Closing, of each of the conditions set forth below. These conditions are for the Companys
sole benefit and may be waived by the Company at any time in its sole discretion.

(a) Accuracy of the Purchasers Representations
and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Purchaser in this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents
to which the Purchaser is a party shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date
as though made at that time, except for representations and warranties that are expressly made as of a particular date, which shall be
true and correct in all material respects as of such date.

(b) Performance by the Purchaser. The Purchaser
shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement
to be performed, satisfied or complied with by such Purchaser at or prior to the Closing.

(c) No Injunction. No statute, rule, regulation,
executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by any court or governmental authority
of competent jurisdiction which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(d) Delivery of Purchase Price. The Purchase Price
for the Shares shall have been delivered to the Company.

(e) Delivery of Transaction Documents. The Transaction
Documents to which the Purchaser isa party shall have been duly executed and delivered by the Purchaser to the Company.

Section 4.2 Conditions Precedent to the Obligation
of the Purchaser to Purchase the Shares. The obligation hereunder of the Purchaser to purchase the Shares is subject to the satisfaction
or waiver, at or before the Closing, of each of the conditions set forth below. These conditions are for the Purchasers sole benefit
and may be waived by the Purchaser at any time in its sole discretion.

(a) Accuracy of the Companys Representations
and Warranties. Each of the representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents shall
be true and correct in all respects as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date as though made at that time, except for representations
and warranties that are expressly made as of a particular date, which shall be true and correct in all respects as of such date.

(b) Performance by the Company. The Company shall
have performed, satisfied and complied in all respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be
performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Closing.

(c) No Injunction. No statute, rule, regulation,
executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by any court or governmental authority
of competent jurisdiction which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(d) No Proceedings or Litigation. No action, suit
or proceeding before any arbitrator or any governmental authority shall have been commenced, and no investigation by any governmental
authority shall have been threatened, against the Company or any subsidiary, or any of the officers, directors or affiliates of the Company
or any Subsidiary seeking to restrain, prevent or change the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or seeking damages in connection
with such transactions.

(e) Stock Certificate. The Company shall have
executed and delivered to the Purchaser a stock certificate for the Shares.

(f) Resolutions. The Board of Directors of the
Company shall have adopted resolutions authorizing the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(g) Material Adverse Effect. No Material Adverse
Effect shall have occurred at or before the Closing Date.

(h) Delivery of the Transaction Documents. The
Transaction Documents to which the Companyisa party shall have been duly executed and delivered by the Company to the Purchaser.

ARTICLE V

Stock Certificate Legend

Section 5.1 Legend. Each certificate representing
the Shares shall be stamped or otherwise imprinted with a legend substantially in the following form:

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND NEITHER SUCH SECURITIES
NOR ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED, ASSIGNED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (1) IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS
OF REGULATION S PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, AND BASED ON AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, WHICH COUNSEL AND OPINION ARE REASONABLY SATISFACTORY
TO THE COMPANY, THAT THE PROVISIONS OF REGULATION S HAVE BEEN SATISFIED, (2) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR (3) PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE
SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, IN WHICH CASE THE HOLDER MUST, PRIOR TO SUCH TRANSFER, FURNISH TO THE COMPANY AN
OPINION OF COUNSEL, WHICH COUNSEL AND OPINION ARE REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY, THAT SUCH SECURITIES MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED,
ASSIGNED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE MANNER CONTEMPLATED PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF
THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. HEDGING TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE
MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT.

The Company agrees to reissue certificates representing
any of the Shares, without the legend set forth above if at such time, prior to making any transfer of any such securities, such holder
thereof shall give written notice to the Company describing the manner and terms of such sale and removal as the Company may reasonably
request. Such proposed transfer and removal will not be effected until: (a) either (i) the Company has received an opinion of counsel
reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that the registration of the Shares under the Securities Act is not required in
connection with such proposed transfer, (ii) a registration statement under the Securities Act covering such proposed disposition has
been filed by the Company with the Commission and has become effective under the Securities Act, (iii) the Company has received other
evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company that such registration and qualification under the Securities Act and state securities
laws are not required, or (iv) the holder provides the Company with reasonable assurances that such security can be sold pursuant to Rule
144 under the Securities Act; and (b) either (i) the Company has received an opinion of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Company,
to the effect that registration or qualification under the securities or blue sky laws of any state is not required in connection
with such proposed disposition, or (ii) compliance with applicable state securities or blue sky laws has been effected or
a valid exemption exists with respect thereto. The Company will respond to any such notice from a holder within five (5) business days.
In the case of any proposed transfer under this Section 5.1, the Company will use reasonable efforts to comply with any such applicable
state securities or blue sky laws, but shall in no event be required, (x) to qualify to do business in any state where it
is not then qualified, (y) to take any action that would subject it to tax or to the general service of process in any state where it
is not then subject, or (z) to comply with state securities or blue sky laws of any state for which registration by coordination
is unavailable to the Company. The restrictions on transfer contained in this Section 5.1 shall be in addition to, and not by way of limitation
of, any other restrictions on transfer contained in any other section of this Agreement.

ARTICLE VI

Indemnification

Section 6.1 General Indemnity. The Company agrees
to indemnify and hold harmless the Purchaser (and it directors, officers, managers, partners, members, shareholders, affiliates, agents,
successors and assigns) from and against any and all losses, liabilities, deficiencies, costs, damages and expenses (including, without
limitation, reasonable attorneys fees, charges and disbursements) incurred by the Purchaser as a result of any inaccuracy in or
breach of the representations, warranties or covenants made by the Company herein. The Purchaser agrees to indemnify and hold harmless
the Company and its directors, officers, affiliates, agents, successors and assigns from and against any and all losses, liabilities,
deficiencies, costs, damages and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees, charges and disbursements)
incurred by the Company as a result of any inaccuracy in or breach of the representations, warranties or covenants made by the Purchaser
herein.

Section 6.2 Indemnification Procedure. Any party
entitled to indemnification under this Article VI (an Indemnified Party) will give written notice to the indemnifying
party of any matters giving rise to a claim for indemnification; provided, that the failure of any party entitled to indemnification
hereunder to give notice as provided herein shall not relieve the indemnifying party of its obligations under this Article VI except to
the extent that the indemnifying party is actually prejudiced by such failure to give notice. In case any action, proceeding or claim
is brought against an Indemnified Party in respect of which indemnification is sought hereunder, the indemnifying party shall be entitled
to participate in and, unless in the reasonable judgment of the Indemnified Party a conflict of interest between it and the indemnifying
party may exist with respect of such action, proceeding or claim, to assume the defense thereof with counsel reasonably satisfactory to
the Indemnified Party. In the event that the indemnifying party advises an Indemnified Party that it will contest such a claim for indemnification
hereunder, or fails, within thirty (30) days of receipt of any indemnification notice to notify, in writing, such person of its election
to defend, settle or compromise, at its sole cost and expense, any action, proceeding or claim (or discontinues its defense at any time
after it commences such defense), then the Indemnified Party may, at its option, defend, settle or otherwise compromise or pay such action
or claim. In any event, unless and until the indemnifying party elects in writing to assume and does so assume the defense of any such
claim, proceeding or action, the Indemnified Partys costs and expenses arising out of the defense, settlement or compromise of
any such action, claim or proceeding shall be losses subject to indemnification hereunder. The Indemnified Party shall cooperate fully
with the indemnifying party in connection with any negotiation or defense of any such action or claim by the indemnifying party and shall
furnish to the indemnifying party all information reasonably available to the Indemnified Party which relates to such action or claim.
The indemnifying party shall keep the Indemnified Party fully apprised at all times as to the status of the defense or any settlement
negotiations with respect thereto. If the indemnifying party elects to defend any such action or claim, then the Indemnified Party shall
be entitled to participate in such defense with counsel of its choice at its sole cost and expense. The indemnifying party shall not be
liable for any settlement of any action, claim or proceeding effected without its prior written consent, provided, however,
that the indemnifying party shall be liable for any settlement if the indemnifying party is advised of the settlement but fails to respond
to the settlement within thirty (30) days of receipt of such notification. Notwithstanding anything in this Article VI to the contrary,
the indemnifying party shall not, without the Indemnified Partys prior written consent, settle or compromise any claim or consent
to entry of any judgment in respect thereof which imposes any future obligation on the Indemnified Party or which does not include, as
an unconditional term thereof, the giving by the claimant or the plaintiff to the Indemnified Party of a release from all liability in
respect of such claim. The indemnification required by this Article VI shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during
the course of investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or expense, loss, damage or liability is incurred, so long as the
Indemnified Party irrevocably agrees to refund such moneys if it is ultimately determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that such
party was not entitled to indemnification. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to (a) any cause of action or
similar rights of the Indemnified Party against the indemnifying party or others, and (b) any liabilities the indemnifying party may be
subject to pursuant to the law.

ARTICLE VII

Miscellaneous

Section 7.1 Fees and Expenses. Each of the parties
to this Agreement shall pay its own fees and expenses of each partys advisors, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any,
and all other expenses, incurred by each party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
and of all documents referred to in it.

Section 7.2 Specific Enforcement.

(a) The Company and the Purchaser acknowledge and agree
that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents were
not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled
to an injunction or injunctions to prevent or cure breaches of the provisions of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents and
to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof or thereof, this being in addition to any other remedy to which any of them may
be entitled by law or equity.

(b) Each of the Company and the Purchaser (i) hereby
irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the United States District Court sitting in the Southern District of New York and the courts
of the State of New York located in New York county for the purposes of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this
Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby and (ii) hereby waives, and agrees
not to assert in any such suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such court, that
the suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each
of the Company and the Purchaser consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via
registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it
under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing
in this Section 7.2 shall affect or limit any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. Each party hereby irrevocably
waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof
to such party at the address for such notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient
service of process and notice thereof. The Company hereby appoints Loeb & Loeb LLP, with offices at 345 Park Avenue, New York, NY
10153 as its agent for service of process in New York. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve
process in any manner permitted by law.

Section 7.3 Entire Agreement; Amendment. This
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents contains the entire understanding and agreement of the parties with respect to the matters
covered hereby and, except as specifically set forth herein or in the Transaction Documents, neither the Company nor the Purchaser makes
any representations, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters and they supersede all prior understandings and agreements
with respect to said subject matter, all of which are merged herein. No provision of this Agreement nor any of the Transaction Documents
may be waived or amended other than by a written instrument signed by the Company and the Purchaser, and no provision hereof may be waived
other than by a written instrument signed by the party against whom enforcement of any such waiver is sought.

Section 7.4 Notices. All notices, demands, consents,
requests, instructions and other communications to be given or delivered or permitted under or by reason of the provisions of this Agreement
or in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby shall be in writing and shall be deemed to be delivered and received by the
intended recipient as follows: (i) if personally delivered, on the business day of such delivery (as evidenced by the receipt of the personal
delivery service), (ii) if mailed certified or registered mail return receipt requested, two (2) business days after being mailed, (iii)
if delivered by overnight courier (with all charges having been prepaid), on the business day of such delivery (as evidenced by the receipt
of the overnight courier service of recognized standing), or (iv) if delivered by facsimile transmission, on the business day of such
delivery if sent by 6:00 p.m. in the time zone of the recipient, or if sent after that time, on the next succeeding business day (as evidenced
by the printed confirmation of delivery generated by the sending partys telecopier machine). If any notice, demand, consent, request,
instruction or other communication cannot be delivered because of a changed address of which no notice was given (in accordance with this
Section 4), or the refusal to accept same, the notice, demand, consent, request, instruction or other communication shall be deemed received
on the second business day the notice is sent (as evidenced by a sworn affidavit of the sender). All such notices, demands, consents,
requests, instructions and other communications will be sent to the following addresses or facsimile numbers as applicable:

If to the Company:

ZW Data Action Technologies Inc.

Room 1811, Xinghuo Keji Plaza, No. 2 Fufeng Road,

Fengtai District, Beijing, PRC 100070

Attention: Mr. Handong Cheng

Tel. No.: +86-10-51600828

Fax No.: +86-10-51600328

with copies (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Loeb & Loeb LLP

345 Park Avenue

New York, NY 10154

Attention: Mitchell S. Nussbaum, Esq.

Tel. No.: (212) 407-4000

Fax No.: (212) 407-4990

If to the Purchaser:

Pearl River Partners Limited

3C Wing Yee Commercial Building, 3 - 7 Wing Kut Street, Central, Hong Kong

Attention: Desmond Chu

Tel. No.: (852) 53072268

Any party hereto may from time to time change
its address for notices by giving at least ten (10) days written notice of such changed address to the other party hereto.

Section 7.5 Waivers. No waiver by any party
of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in
the future or a waiver of any other provisions, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise
any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right accruing to it thereafter.

Section 7.6 Headings. The section headings contained
in this Agreement (including, without limitation, section headings and headings in the exhibits and schedules) are inserted for reference
purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning, construction or interpretation of this Agreement. Any reference to the masculine,
feminine, or neuter gender shall be a reference to such other gender as is appropriate. References to the singular shall include the plural
and vice versa.

Section 7.7 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement
may not be assigned by a party hereto without the prior written consent of the Company or the Purchaser, as applicable, provided,
however, that, subject to federal and state securities laws and as otherwise provided in the Transaction Documents, the Purchaser
may assign its rights and delegate its duties hereunder in whole or in part (i) to a third party acquiring all or substantially all of
its Shares in a private transaction or (ii) to an affiliate, in each case, without the prior written consent of the Company, after notice
duly given by the Purchaser to the Company provided, that no such assignment or obligation shall affect the obligations of the
Purchaser hereunder and that such assignee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred securities, by the provisions
hereof that apply to the Purchaser. The provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the respective
permitted successors and assigns of the parties. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer upon any party other
than the parties hereto or their respective successors and assigns any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by reason
of this Agreement, except as expressly provided in this Agreement.

Section 7.8 No Third Party Beneficiaries. This
Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns and is not for the benefit
of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other person.

Section 7.9 Governing Law. This Agreement shall
be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any of the conflicts
of law principles which would result in the application of the substantive law of another jurisdiction. This Agreement shall not be interpreted
or construed with any presumption against the party causing this Agreement to be drafted.

Section 7.10 Survival. The representations and
warranties of the Company and the Purchaser shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and the Closing hereunder for a period of
three (3) years following the Closing Date.

Section 7.11 Counterparts. This Agreement may
be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and, all of which taken together
shall constitute one and the same Agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered
to the other parties hereto, it being understood that all parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature
is delivered by facsimile transmission, such signature shall create a valid binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf
such signature is executed) the same with the same force and effect as if such facsimile signature were the original thereof.

Section 7.12 Severability. The provisions
of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents are severable and, in the event that any court of competent jurisdiction shall
determine that any one or more of the provisions or part of the provisions contained in this Agreement or the Transaction Documents
shall, for any reason, be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or
unenforceability shall not affect any other provision or part of a provision of this Agreement or the Transaction Documents and such
provision shall be reformed and construed as if such invalid or illegal or unenforceable provision, or part of such provision, had
never been contained herein, so that such provisions would be valid, legal and enforceable to the maximum extent possible.

Section 7.13 Further Assurances. From and
after the date of this Agreement, upon the request of the Purchaser or the Company, each of the Company and the Purchaser shall
execute and deliver such instrument, documents and other writings as may be reasonably necessary or desirable to confirm and carry
out and to effectuate fully the intent and purposes of this Agreement.

Section 7.15 Currency. Unless otherwise indicated,
all dollar amounts referred to in this Agreement are in United States Dollars. All amounts owing under this Agreement or any Transaction
Document shall be paid in US dollars. All amounts denominated in other currencies shall be converted in the US dollar equivalent amount
in accordance with the Exchange Rate on the date of calculation. Exchange Rate means, in relation to any amount of currency
to be converted into US dollars pursuant to this Agreement, the US dollar exchange rate as published in The Wall Street Journal on the
relevant date of calculation.

Section 7.16 Force Majeure. If the transactions under
this Agreement cannot be completed due to any political, military, government intervention or any other force majeure causes which are
out of the Companys or the Purchasers control, this Agreement shall be terminated automatically. Upon a termination in accordance
with this Section 7.16, the Company and the Purchaser shall not have any further obligation or liability (including as arising from such
termination) to the other.

Section 7.17 Termination by Mutual Agreement. This
Agreement may be terminated prior to the Closing by written agreement of the Company and the Purchaser. Upon a termination in accordance
with this Section 7.17, the Company and the Purchaser shall not have any further obligation or liability (including as arising from such
termination) to the other.

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
duly executed by their respective authorized officer as of the date first above written.

ZW DATA ACTION TECHNOLOGIES INC.

By:

Name: Handong Cheng

Title: Chief Executive Officer

COUNTERPART SIGNATURE PAGE

By its execution and delivery of this signature page,
the undersigned Purchaser hereby agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of January
2, 2025.

PEARL RIVER PARTNERS LIMITED

By: 

Name: Chu Hin Wah Desmond

Title: Director

PRINT EXACT NAME IN WHICH YOU WANT

THE SECURITIES TO BE REGISTERED

Attn: 

Address: 

Phone No. 

Facsimile No. 

EXHIBIT A TO THE

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

FORM OF LOCK-UP AGREEMENT
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exh_102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

LOCK-UP AGREEMENT

This LOCK-UP AGREEMENT (this Agreement)
is dated as of Janaury 2, 2025 by and among ZW Data Action Technologies Inc., a Nevada corporation (NASDAQ: CNET) (the Company),
and Pearl River Partners Limited, a British Virgin Island business company (BVI Company Number: 675079 (the Purchaser).

WHEREAS, the Company intends to
consummate a private placement transaction with the Purchaser, whereby the Company will issue 119,100 shares of common stock (the
Shares) to the Purchaser;

WHEREAS, in connection with the
transaction, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the Purchase Agreement),
by and among the Company and the Purchaser, and certain other agreements, documents, instruments and certificates necessary to carry out
the purposes thereof (collectively, the Transaction Documents); and

WHEREAS, in order to induce the
Company and the Purchaser to enter into the Purchase Agreement, the Purchaser has agreed not to sell any of the Shares, except in accordance
with the terms and conditions set forth herein (the Lock-Up Shares). Capitalized terms used herein without definition
shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Purchase Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the covenants and conditions hereinafter contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Restriction on Transfer;
Term. The Purchaser hereby agrees not to offer, sell, contract to sell, assign, transfer, hypothecate, gift, pledge or grant a security
interest in, or otherwise dispose of, or enter into any transaction which is designed to, or might reasonably be expected to, result in
the disposition of (whether by actual disposition or effective economic disposition due to cash settlement or otherwise, directly or indirectly)
(each, a Transfer), any of the Lock-Up Shares until the six-month anniversary of the date of this Agreement (the
Lock-Up Period).

2. Ownership. During
the Lock-Up Period, the Purchaser shall retain all rights of ownership in the Lock-Up Shares, including, without limitation, voting rights
and the right to receive any dividends that may be declared in respect thereof.

3. Company and Transfer
Agent. The Company is hereby authorized and required to disclose the existence of this Agreement to its transfer agent. The Company
and its transfer agent are hereby authorized and required to decline to make any transfer of the Lock-Up Shares if such transfer would
constitute a violation or breach of this Agreement.

4. Notices. All notices,
demands, consents, requests, instructions and other communications to be given or delivered or permitted under or by reason of the provisions
of this Agreement or in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby shall be in writing and shall be deemed to be delivered and
received by the intended recipient as follows: (i) if personally delivered, on the business day of such delivery (as evidenced by the
receipt of the personal delivery service), (ii) if mailed certified or registered mail return receipt requested, two (2) business days
after being mailed, (iii) if delivered by overnight courier (with all charges having been prepaid), on the business day of such delivery
(as evidenced by the receipt of the overnight courier service of recognized standing), or (iv) if delivered by facsimile transmission,
on the business day of such delivery if sent by 6:00 p.m. in the time zone of the recipient, or if sent after that time, on the next succeeding
business day (as evidenced by the printed confirmation of delivery generated by the sending partys telecopier machine). If any
notice, demand, consent, request, instruction or other communication cannot be delivered because of a changed address of which no notice
was given (in accordance with this Section 4), or the refusal to accept same, the notice, demand, consent, request, instruction or other
communication shall be deemed received on the second business day the notice is sent (as evidenced by a sworn affidavit of the sender).
All such notices, demands, consents, requests, instructions and other communications will be sent to the following addresses or facsimile
numbers as applicable.

1

If to the Company:

ZW Data Action Technologies Inc.

Room 1811, Xinghuo Keji Plaza,
No. 2 Fufeng Road,

Fengtai District, Beijing, PRC
100070

Attention: Mr. Handong Cheng

Tel. No.: +86-10-51600828

Fax No.: +86-10-51600328

with copies (which copies shall
not constitute notice to the Company) to:

Loeb & Loeb LLP

345 Park Avenue

New York, NY 10154

Attn.: Mitchell Nussbaum, Esq.

Tel. No.: (212) 407-4159

Fax No.: (212) 407-4990

If to the Purchaser:

Pearl River Partners Limited

3C Wing Yee Commercial Building,
3 - 7 Wing Kut Street, Central, Hong Kong

Attention: Desmond Chu

Tel. No.: (852) 53072268

or to such other address as any party may specify
by notice given to the other party in accordance with this Section 4.

5. Amendment. This
Agreement may not be modified, changed, supplemented, amended or terminated, nor may any obligations hereunder be waived, except by written
instrument signed by the parties to be charged or by its agent duly authorized in writing or as otherwise expressly permitted herein.

6. Entire Agreement.
This Agreement contains the entire understanding and agreement of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all
prior and/or contemporaneous understandings and agreements of any kind and nature (whether written or oral) among the parties with respect
to such subject matter.

7. Governing Law.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without giving effect
to any of the conflicts of law principles which would result in the application of the substantive law of another jurisdiction. This Agreement
shall not be interpreted or construed with any presumption against the party causing this Agreement to be drafted.

8. Severability. The
provisions of this Agreement are severable and, in the event that any court of competent jurisdiction shall determine that any one or
more of the provisions or part of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall, for any reason, be held to be invalid, illegal or
unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision or part of a provision
of this Agreement and such provision shall be reformed and construed as if such invalid or illegal or unenforceable provision, or part
of such provision, had never been contained herein, so that such provisions would be valid, legal and enforceable to the maximum extent
possible.

9. Binding Effect; Assignment.
This Agreement and the rights and obligations hereunder may not be assigned by the Purchaser hereto without the prior written consent
of the Company. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors
and permitted assigns.

10. Headings. The
section headings contained in this Agreement are inserted for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning, construction
or interpretation of this Agreement. Any reference to the masculine, feminine, or neuter gender shall be a reference to such other gender
as is appropriate. References to the singular shall include the plural and vice versa.

2

11. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and, all
of which taken together shall constitute one and the same Agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each
party and delivered to the other parties hereto, it being understood that all parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event
that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission, such signature shall create a valid binding obligation of the party executing
(or on whose behalf such signature is executed) the same with the same force and effect as if such facsimile signature were the original
thereof.

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this
Agreement as of the date first written above herein.

ZW DATA ACTION TECHNOLOGIES INC.

By: 

Name: Handong Cheng

Title: Chief Executive Officer

PURCHASER:

PEARL RIVER PARTNERS LIMITED

By: 

Name: Chu Hin Wah Desmond

Title: Director

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>exh_103.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement)
is dated as of January 3, 2025 by and among ZW Data Action Technologies Inc., a Nevada corporation (NASDAQ: CNET) (the
Company), and Bezier Investments Limited, a British Virgin Islands business company (BVI Company number: 2165068
(the Purchaser).

ARTICLE I

Purchase and Sale of Common Stock 

Section 1.1 Purchase and Sale of Common Stock.
Upon the following terms and conditions, the Company is offering to the Purchaser 119,100 shares of common stock (the Shares).

Section 1.2 Purchase Price and Closing. Subject
to the terms and conditions hereof, the Company agrees to issue and sell to the Purchaser and, in consideration of and in express reliance
upon the representations, warranties, covenants, terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Purchaser agrees to purchase the Shares for
$2.1 per Share (the Purchase Price) for an aggregate purchase price of $250,110. The Purchaser shall pay the Purchase
Price in full at closing which shall take place at the offices of Loeb & Loeb, LLP, 345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154 (the Closing)
on the date mutually agreed to by the parties (the Closing Date). Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
at the Closing, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Purchaser (x) a certificate for the number of Shares subscribed
for and (y) any other documents required to be delivered pursuant to Article IV hereof.

ARTICLE II

Representations and Warranties

Section 2.1 Representations and Warranties of the
Company, its Subsidiaries and the PRC Operating Entities. The Company hereby represents and warrants to the Purchaser on behalf of
itself, its Subsidiaries (as hereinafter defined) and the PRC Operating Entities (as hereinafter defined), as of the date hereof, as follows:

(a) Organization, Good Standing and Power. Each
of the Company, its Subsidiaries and the PRC Operating Entities is a corporation or other entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization (as applicable) and has the
requisite corporate power to own, lease and operate its properties and assets and to conduct its business as it is now being conducted.
Each of the Company, its Subsidiaries and the PRC Operating Entities is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in every
jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary except for any jurisdiction(s)
(alone or in the aggregate) in which the failure to be so qualified will not have a Material Adverse Effect (as defined in Section 2.1(g)
hereof) on the Companys consolidated financial condition.

(b) Corporate Power; Authority and Enforcement.
The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement and the Lock-Up Agreement, attached
hereto as Exhibit A (collectively, the Transaction Documents),and to issue and sell the Shares in accordance
with the terms hereof. The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and no further
consent or authorization of the Company or its Board of Directors or stockholders is required. Each of the Transaction Documents constitutes,
or shall constitute when executed and delivered, a valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance
with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation,
conservatorship, receivership or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies
or by other equitable principles of general application.

(c) Capitalization. The authorized capital stock
of the Company and the shares thereof currently issued and outstanding as of the date hereof is set forth in the Companys filings
made with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission). All of the issued and outstanding shares of common
stock of the Company have been duly and validly authorized. The offer and sale of all capital stock, convertible securities, rights, warrants,
or options of the Company issued prior to the Closing complied with all applicable Federal and state securities laws.

(d) Issuance of Shares. The Shares to be issued
at the Closing have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and the Shares, when paid for or issued in accordance with
the terms hereof, will be validly issued and outstanding, fully paid and nonassessable and, immediately after the Closing, the Purchaser
will be the record and beneficial owners of all of such securities and have good and valid title to all of such securities, free and clear
of all encumbrances.

(e) Subsidiaries. There are no outstanding preemptive,
conversion or other rights, options, warrants or agreements granted or issued by or binding upon any Subsidiary for the purchase or acquisition
of any shares of capital stock of any Subsidiary or any other securities convertible into, exchangeable for or evidencing the rights to
subscribe for any shares of such capital stock. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is subject to any obligation (contingent or otherwise)
to repurchase or otherwise acquire or retire any shares of the capital stock of any Subsidiary or any convertible securities, rights,
warrants or options of the type described in the preceding sentence. Except as filed as exhibits with the Commission, neither the Company
nor any Subsidiary is party to, nor has any knowledge of, any agreement restricting the voting or transfer of any shares of the capital
stock of any Subsidiary. For the purposes of this Agreement, Subsidiary shall mean any corporation or other entity
of which at least a majority of the securities or other ownership interests having ordinary voting power (absolutely or contingently)
for the election of directors or other persons performing similar functions are at the time owned directly or indirectly by the Company
and/or any of its other Subsidiaries. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary has been duly authorized and validly
issued, and are fully paid and nonassessable.

(f) Commission Documents, Financial Statements.
The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it with the Commission pursuant
to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), including material
filed pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (all of the foregoing including filings incorporated by reference therein
being referred to herein as the Commission Documents). The Company has not provided to the Purchaser any material
non-public information or other information which, according to applicable law, rule or regulation, was required to have been disclosed
publicly by the Company but which has not been so disclosed, other than (i) with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
or (ii) pursuant to a non-disclosure or confidentiality agreement signed by the Purchaser. At the time of the respective filings, the
Form 10-Ks and the Form 10-Qs complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules
and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder and other federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations applicable to
such documents. As of their respective filing dates, none of the Form 10-Ks or Form 10-Qs contained any untrue statement
of a material fact; and none omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in
the Commission Documents (the Financial Statements) comply as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting
requirements and the published rules and regulations of the Commission or other applicable rules and regulations with respect thereto.
The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP)
applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (except (i) as may be otherwise indicated in the Financial Statements or the
notes thereto or (ii) in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may not include footnotes or may be condensed or
summary statements), and fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company as of the dates thereof
and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end
audit adjustments).

(g) No Material Adverse Effect. Since January
3, 2025, neither the Company, the Subsidiaries, nor the PRC Operating Entities has experienced or suffered any Material Adverse Effect.
For the purposes of this Agreement, Material Adverse Effect means any material adverse effect on the business, operations,
properties, or financial condition of the Company, its Subsidiaries, the PRC Operating Entities, individually, or in the aggregate and/or
any condition, circumstance, or situation that would prohibit or otherwise materially interfere with the ability of the Company to perform
any of its obligations under this Agreement in any material respect.

(h) No Undisclosed Liabilities. Other than as
set forth in the Commission Documents, to the knowledge of the Company, neither the Company, the Subsidiaries, nor the PRC Operating Entities
has any liabilities, obligations, claims or losses (whether liquidated or unliquidated, secured or unsecured, absolute, accrued, contingent
or otherwise) other than those incurred in the ordinary course of the Companys, the Subsidiaries and the PRC Operating Entities
respective businesses since January 3, 2025 and which, individually or in the aggregate, do not or would not have a Material Adverse Effect
on the Company, the Subsidiaries or the PRC Operating Entities.

(i) No Undisclosed Events or Circumstances. To
the Companys knowledge, no event or circumstance has occurred or exists with respect to the Company, the Subsidiaries or the PRC
Operating Entities or their respective businesses, properties, operations or financial condition, which, under applicable law, rule or
regulation, requires public disclosure or announcement by the Company but which has not been so publicly announced or disclosed.

(j) Indebtedness. The Financial Statements set
forth all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company on a consolidated basis, or for which the Company, the Subsidiaries
or the PRC Operating Entities have commitments as of the date of Financial Statements or any subsequent period that would require disclosure.
For the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness shall mean (a) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed
in excess of $50,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (b) all guaranties, endorsements
and other contingent obligations in respect of Indebtedness of others, whether or not the same should be reflected in the Companys
consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection
or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (c) the present value of any lease payments in excess of $25,000 due under
leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither the Company, the Subsidiaries nor the PRC Operating Entities is in
default with respect to any Indebtedness.

(k) Title to Assets. Each of the Company, the
Subsidiaries and the PRC Operating Entities has good and marketable title to (i) all properties and assets purportedly owned or used by
them as reflected in the Financial Statements, (ii) all properties and assets necessary for the conduct of their business as currently
conducted, and (iii) all of the real and personal property reflected in the Financial Statements free and clear of any Lien. All leases
are valid and subsisting and in full force and effect.

(l) Actions Pending. There is no action, suit,
claim, investigation, arbitration, alternate dispute resolution proceeding or any other proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of the
Company, threatened against or involving the Company, any Subsidiary or any PRC Operating Entity which questions the validity of this
Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or any action taken or to be taken pursuant
hereto or thereto.

(m) Compliance with Law. The Company, the Subsidiaries
and the PRC Operating Entities have all material franchises, permits, licenses, consents and other governmental or regulatory authorizations
and approvals necessary for the conduct of their respective business as now being conducted by it unless the failure to possess such franchises,
permits, licenses, consents and other governmental or regulatory authorizations and approvals, individually or in the aggregate, could
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(n) No Violation. The business of the Company,
the Subsidiaries and the PRC Operating Entities is not being conducted in violation of any Federal, state, local or foreign governmental
laws, or rules, regulations and ordinances of any of any governmental entity, except for possible violations which singularly or in the
aggregate could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company is not required under Federal, state, local
or foreign law, rule or regulation to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court
or governmental agency in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under the Transaction Documents, or issue
and sell the Shares, in accordance with the terms hereof (other than (x) any consent, authorization or order that has been obtained as
of the date hereof, (y) any filing or registration that has been made as of the date hereof or (z) any filings which may be required to
be made by the Company with the Commission or state securities administrators subsequent to the Closing).

(o) No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and
performance of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated herein do
not and will not (i) violate any provision of the Companys Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws, (ii) conflict with, or constitute
a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination,
amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, mortgage, deed of trust, indenture, note, bond, license, lease agreement, instrument
or obligation to which the Company is a party or by which it or its properties or assets are bound, (iii) create or impose a lien, mortgage,
security interest, pledge, charge or encumbrance (collectively, Lien) of any nature on any property of the Company
under any agreement or any commitment to which the Company is a party or by which the Company is bound or by which any of its respective
properties or assets are bound, or (iv) result in a violation of any federal, state, local or foreign statute, rule, regulation, order,
judgment or decree (including Federal and state securities laws and regulations) applicable to the Company or any of its subsidiaries
or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its subsidiaries are bound or affected, provided, however, that,
excluded from the foregoing in all cases are such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations
as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.

(p) Taxes. Each of the Company, the Subsidiaries
and the PRC Operating Entities, to the extent its applicable, has accurately prepared and filed all federal, state and other tax returns
required by law to be filed by it, has paid or made provisions for the payment of all taxes shown to be due and all additional assessments,
and adequate provisions have been and are reflected in the consolidated financial statements of the Company for all current taxes and
other charges to which the Company, the Subsidiaries or the PRC Operating Entities, if any, is subject and which are not currently due
and payable. None of the federal income tax returns of the Company have been audited by the Internal Revenue Service. The Company has
no knowledge of any additional assessments, adjustments or contingent tax liability (whether federal, state or foreign) of any nature
whatsoever, whether pending or threatened against the Company or any subsidiary for any period, nor of any basis for any such assessment,
adjustment or contingency.

(q) Certain Fees. No brokers fees, finders
fees or financial advisory fees or commissions will be payable by the Company with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents.

(r) Disclosure. Neither this Agreement nor any
other documents, certificates or instruments furnished to the Purchaser by or on behalf of the Company, the Subsidiaries or the PRC Operating
Entities in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made herein or therein, taken as a whole and in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made herein or therein, not false or misleading.

(s) Intellectual Property. Each of the Company,
the Subsidiaries and the PRC Operating Entities, owns or has the lawful right to use all patents, trademarks, domain names (whether or
not registered) and any patentable improvements or copyrightable derivative works thereof, websites and intellectual property rights relating
thereto, service marks, trade names, copyrights, licenses and authorizations, if any, and all rights with respect to the foregoing, if
any, which are necessary for the conduct of their respective business as now conducted without any conflict with the rights of others,
except where the failure to so own or possess would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(t) Books and Record Internal Accounting Controls.
Except as may have otherwise been disclosed in the Commission Documents, the books and records of the Company, the Subsidiaries and the
PRC Operating Entities accurately reflect in all material respects the information relating to the business of the Company, the Subsidiaries
and the PRC Operating Entities, the location and collection of their assets, and the nature of all transactions giving rise to the obligations
or accounts receivable of the Company, the Subsidiaries or the PRC Operating Entities. Except as disclosed in the Commission Documents,
the Company, the Subsidiaries and the PRC Operating Entities maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient, in the judgment
of the Company, to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific
authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and
to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization
and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate actions are
taken with respect to any differences.

(u) Material Agreements. Any and all written or
oral contracts, instruments, agreements, commitments, obligations, plans or arrangements, the Company, the Subsidiaries and the PRC Operating
Entities is a party to, that a copy of which would be required to be filed with the Commission as an exhibit to a registration statement
on Form S-1 (collectively, the Material Agreements) if the Company or any subsidiary were registering securities
under the Securities Act has previously been publicly filed with the Commission in the Commission Documents. Each of the Company, the
Subsidiaries and the PRC Operating Entities has in all material respects performed all the obligations required to be performed by them
to date under the foregoing agreements, have received no notice of default and are not in default under any Material Agreement now in
effect the result of which would cause a Material Adverse Effect.

(v) Transactions with Affiliates. Except as set
forth in the Financial Statements or in the Commission Documents, there are no loans, leases, agreements, contracts, royalty agreements,
management contracts or arrangements or other continuing transactions between (a) the Company or any Subsidiary on the one hand, and (b)
on the other hand, any officer, employee, consultant or director of the Company, or any of Subsidiaries, or any person owning any capital
stock of the Company or any Subsidiary or any member of the immediate family of such officer, employee, consultant, director or stockholder
or any corporation or other entity controlled by such officer, employee, consultant, director or stockholder, or a member of the immediate
family of such officer, employee, consultant, director or stockholder.

(w) Securities Act of 1933. Assuming the accuracy
of the representations of the Purchaser set forth in Section 2.2 hereof, the Company has complied and will comply with all applicable
federal and state securities laws in connection with the offer, issuance and sale of the Shares hereunder. Neither the Company nor anyone
acting on its behalf, directly or indirectly, has or will sell, offer to sell or solicit offers to buy any of the Shares, or solicit offers
with respect thereto from, or enter into any preliminary conversations or negotiations relating thereto with, any person, or has taken
or will take any action so as to bring the issuance and sale of any of the Shares in violation of the registration provisions of the Securities
Act and applicable state securities laws, and neither the Company nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf,
has engaged in any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D under the Securities Act) in
connection with the offer or sale of any of the Shares.

(x) Governmental Approvals. Except for the filing
of any notice prior or subsequent to the Closing Date that may be required under applicable state and/or Federal securities laws (which
if required, shall be filed on a timely basis), no authorization, consent, approval, license, exemption of, filing or registration with
any court or governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, is or will be necessary
for, or in connection with, the execution or delivery of the Shares, or for the performance by the Company of its obligations under the
Transaction Documents.

(y) Employees. Except as disclosed in the Commission
Documents, neither the Company nor any subsidiary has any collective bargaining arrangements covering any of its employees. Since November
[*], 2024, no officer, consultant or key employee of the Company or any subsidiary whose termination, either individually or in the aggregate,
would have a Material Adverse Effect, has terminated or, to the knowledge of the Company, has any present intention of terminating his
or her employment or engagement with the Company or any subsidiary.

(z) Public Utility Holding Company Act; Investment
Company Act and U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation Status. The Company is not a holding company or a public
utility company as such terms are defined in the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935, as amended. The Company is not, and
as a result of and immediately upon the Closing will not be, an investment company or a company controlled
by an investment company, within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company is not and has
never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

(aa) ERISA. No liability to the Pension Benefit
Guaranty Corporation has been incurred with respect to any Plan (as defined below) by the Company or any of its subsidiaries which is
or would be materially adverse to the Company and its subsidiaries. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents and the issuance and sale of the Shares will not involve any transaction which is subject to the prohibitions of Section 406
of ERISA or in connection with which a tax could be imposed pursuant to Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,
provided, that, if the Purchaser, or any person or entity that owns a beneficial interest in the Purchaser, is an employee pension
benefit plan (within the meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA) with respect to which the Company is a party in interest
(within the meaning of Section 3(14) of ERISA), the requirements of Sections 407(d)(5) and 408(e) of ERISA, if applicable, are met. As
used in this Section 2.1(bb), the term Plan shall mean an employee pension benefit plan (as defined
in Section 3 of ERISA) which is or has been established or maintained, or to which contributions are or have been made, by the Company
or any subsidiary or by any trade or business, whether or not incorporated, which, together with the Company or any subsidiary, is under
common control, as described in Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code.

(bb) Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Company is in compliance
with the applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder, that are effective and for which compliance by the Company is required as of the date hereof.

(cc) Additional PRC Representations and Warranties.

(i) All material consents, approvals, authorizations
or licenses requisite under PRC law for the due and proper establishment and operation of the PRC Operating Entities have been duly obtained
from the relevant PRC governmental authorities and are in full force and effect.

(ii) All filings and registrations with the PRC governmental
authorities required in respect of the PRC Operating Entities and their capital structure and operations including, without limitation,
to the extent applicable, tax bureau and customs authorities, have been duly completed in accordance with the relevant PRC rules and regulations,
except where the failure to complete such filings and registrations does not, and would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a
Material Adverse Effect.

(iii) Neither the Company, the Subsidiaries, nor any
PRC Operating Entity or affiliated entity is in receipt of any letter or notice from any relevant PRC governmental or quasi-governmental
authority notifying it of the revocation, or otherwise questioning the validity, of any licenses or qualifications issued to it or any
subsidy granted to it by any PRC governmental authority, or the need for compliance or remedial actions in respect of the activities carried
out by the Company or such subsidiary.

(iv) The PRC Operating Entities have conducted their
respective business activities within their permitted scope of business or have otherwise operated their respective businesses in compliance
with all relevant legal requirements and with all requisite licenses and approvals granted by competent PRC governmental authorities other
than such non-compliance that do not, and would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. As to licenses,
approvals and government grants and concessions requisite or material for the conduct of any part of the PRC Operating Entities
business which is subject to periodic renewal, neither the Company, the Subsidiaries, nor any PRC Operating Entity has any knowledge of
any grounds on which such requisite renewals will not be granted by the relevant PRC governmental authorities.

(v) The PRC Operating Entities have complied with all
applicable PRC laws and regulations in all material respects, including without limitation, laws and regulations pertaining to welfare
fund contributions, social benefits, medical benefits, insurance, retirement benefits, pensions or the like.

(dd) No Additional Agreements. Neither the Company
nor any of its affiliates has any agreement or understanding with the Purchaser with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents other than as specified in the Transaction Documents.

(ee) Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Neither the
Company, the Subsidiaries, the PRC Operating Entities, nor to the knowledge of the Company, the Subsidiaries, the PRC Operating Entities
any agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company, the Subsidiaries or the PRC Operating Entities, has, directly or indirectly,
(i) used any funds, or will use any proceeds from the sale of the Shares, for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful
expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials
or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution
made by the Company, or any subsidiary of the Company (or made by any Person acting on their behalf of which the Company is aware) or
any members of their respective management which is in violation of any applicable law, or (iv) has violated in any material respect any
provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder which was applicable to the
Company or any of its subsidiaries.

(ff) PFIC. None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is or intends to become a passive foreign investment company within the meaning of Section 1297 of the U.S. Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended.

(gg) OFAC. None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, agent, employee, affiliate or person acting on behalf of any of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S.
Treasury Department (OFAC); and the Company will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the sale of the Shares,
or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary of the Company, joint venture partner or other Person
or entity, towards any sales or operations in Cuba, Iran, Syria, Sudan, Myanmar or any other country sanctioned by OFAC or for the purpose
of financing the activities of any Person currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC.

(hh) Money Laundering Laws. The operations of
each of the Company, the Subsidiaries and the PRC Operating Entities have been conducted at all times in compliance with the money laundering
requirements of all applicable governmental authorities and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered
or enforced by any governmental authority (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws) and no action, suit or proceeding by
or before any court or governmental authority or any arbitrator involving any of the Company, the Subsidiaries or the PRC Operating Entities
with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, threatened.

Section 2.2 Representations and Warranties of the
Purchaser. The Purchaser hereby makes the following representations and warranties to the Company as of the date hereof:

(a) Organization and Good Standing of the Purchaser.
If the Purchaser is an entity, the Purchaser is a corporation, partnership or limited liability company duly incorporated or organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization.

(b) Authorization and Power. The Purchaser has
the requisite power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which the Purchaser
is a party and to purchase the Shares being sold to it hereunder. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each of
the other Transaction Documents to which the Purchaser is a party and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby have
been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership or limited liability company action, and no further consent or authorization
of the Purchaser or its Board of Directors, stockholders, partners, members, or managers, as the case may be, is required. This Agreement
and each of the other Transaction Documents to which the Purchaser is a party has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the
Purchaser and constitutes, or shall constitute when executed and delivered, a valid and binding obligation of the Purchaser enforceable
against the Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof.

(c) No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which the Purchaser is a party and the consummation by the
Purchaser of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby or related hereto do not and will not (i) result in a violation of the Purchasers
charter documents, bylaws, operating agreement, partnership agreement or other organizational documents or (ii) conflict with, or constitute
a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination,
amendment, acceleration or cancellation of any agreement, indenture or instrument or obligation to which the Purchaser is a party or by
which its properties or assets are bound, or result in a violation of any law, rule, or regulation, or any order, judgment or decree of
any court or governmental agency applicable to the Purchaser or its properties (except for such conflicts, defaults and violations as
would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on such Purchaser). The Purchaser is not required to obtain
any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court or governmental agency in order for it to execute,
deliver or perform any of its obligations under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which the Purchaser is a party or
to purchase the Shares in accordance with the terms hereof, provided, that for purposes of the representation made in this sentence, the
Purchaser is assuming and relying upon the accuracy of the relevant representations and agreements of the Company herein.

(d) Regulation S. The Purchaser is a non-US
person as defined in Regulation S and shall purchase the Shares in compliance with Regulation S.

(e) Acquisition for Investment. The Purchaser
is acquiring the Shares solely for its own account for the purpose of investment and not with a view to or for sale in connection with
a distribution. The Purchaser does not have a present intention to sell the Shares, nor a present arrangement (whether or not legally
binding) or intention to effect any distribution of the Shares to or through any person or entity. The Purchaser acknowledges that it
is able to bear the financial risks associated with an investment in the Shares and that it has been given full access to such records
of the Company, the Subsidiaries and the PRC Operating Entities and to the officers of the Company, the Subsidiaries and the PRC Operating
Entities and received such information as it has deemed necessary or appropriate to conduct its due diligence investigation and has sufficient
knowledge and experience in investing in companies similar to the Company in terms of the Companys stage of development so as to
be able to evaluate the risks and merits of its investment in the Company. The Purchaser further acknowledges that it understands the
risks of investing in companies domiciled and/or which operate primarily in the PRC and that the purchase of the Shares involves substantial
risks.

(f) Opportunities for Additional Information.
The Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to ask questions of and receive answers from, or obtain additional information
from, the executive officers of the Company concerning the financial and other affairs of the Company.

(g) No General Solicitation. The Purchaser acknowledges
that the Shares were not offered to the Purchaser by means of any form of general or public solicitation or general advertising, or publicly
disseminated advertisements or sales literature, including (i) any advertisement, article, notice or other communication published in
any newspaper, magazine, or similar media, or broadcast over television or radio, or (ii) any seminar or meeting to which the Purchaser
was invited by any of the foregoing means of communications.

(h) Rule 144. The Purchaser understands that the
Shares must be held indefinitely unless such Shares are registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from registration is available.
The Purchaser acknowledges that the Purchaser is familiar with Rule 144, of the rules and regulations of the Commission, as amended, promulgated
pursuant to the Securities Act (Rule 144), and that such person has been advised that Rule 144 permits resales only
under certain circumstances. The Purchaser understands that to the extent that Rule 144 is not available, the Purchaser will be unable
to sell any Shares without either registration under the Securities Act or the existence of another exemption from such registration requirement.

(i) General. The Purchaser understands that the
Shares are being offered and sold in reliance on a transactional exemption from the registration requirements of Federal and state securities
laws and the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy of the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings
of the Purchaser set forth herein in order to determine the applicability of such exemptions and the suitability of the Purchaser to acquire
the Shares.

(j) Brokers. No Purchaser has any knowledge of
any brokerage or finders fees or commissions that are or will be payable by the Company to any broker, financial advisor or consultant,
finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other person or entity with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

ARTICLE III

Covenants

The Company covenants with the Purchaser as follows:

Section 3.1 Securities Compliance. The Company
shall notify the Commission in accordance with its rules and regulations, of the transactions contemplated by any of the Transaction Documents
and shall take all other necessary action and proceedings as may be required and permitted by applicable law, rule and regulation, for
the legal and valid issuance of the Shares.

Section 3.2 Compliance with Laws. The
Company shall comply, and cause each Subsidiary to comply in all material respects, with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and
orders.

Section 3.3 Reporting Requirements. The
Company shall comply in all respects with its reporting and filing obligations under the Exchange Act.

Section 3.4 Other Agreements. The Company
shall not enter into any agreement the terms of which would restrict or impair the ability of the Company to perform its obligations
under any Transaction Document.

Section 3.5 Disclosure of Transaction. The
Company shall file with the Commission, the Form 8-K describing the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby within
four (4) Business Days following the Closing Date.

ARTICLE IV

CONDITIONS

Section 4.1 Conditions Precedent to the Obligation
of the Company to Sell the Shares. The obligation hereunder of the Company to issue and sell the Shares to the Purchaser is subject
to the satisfaction or waiver, at or before the Closing, of each of the conditions set forth below. These conditions are for the Companys
sole benefit and may be waived by the Company at any time in its sole discretion.

(a) Accuracy of the Purchasers Representations
and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Purchaser in this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents
to which the Purchaser is a party shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date
as though made at that time, except for representations and warranties that are expressly made as of a particular date, which shall be
true and correct in all material respects as of such date.

(b) Performance by the Purchaser. The Purchaser
shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement
to be performed, satisfied or complied with by such Purchaser at or prior to the Closing.

(c) No Injunction. No statute, rule, regulation,
executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by any court or governmental authority
of competent jurisdiction which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(d) Delivery of Purchase Price. The Purchase Price
for the Shares shall have been delivered to the Company.

(e) Delivery of Transaction Documents. The Transaction
Documents to which the Purchaser isa party shall have been duly executed and delivered by the Purchaser to the Company.

Section 4.2 Conditions Precedent to the Obligation
of the Purchaser to Purchase the Shares. The obligation hereunder of the Purchaser to purchase the Shares is subject to the satisfaction
or waiver, at or before the Closing, of each of the conditions set forth below. These conditions are for the Purchasers sole benefit
and may be waived by the Purchaser at any time in its sole discretion.

(a) Accuracy of the Companys Representations
and Warranties. Each of the representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents shall
be true and correct in all respects as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date as though made at that time, except for representations
and warranties that are expressly made as of a particular date, which shall be true and correct in all respects as of such date.

(b) Performance by the Company. The Company shall
have performed, satisfied and complied in all respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be
performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Closing.

(c) No Injunction. No statute, rule, regulation,
executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by any court or governmental authority
of competent jurisdiction which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(d) No Proceedings or Litigation. No action, suit
or proceeding before any arbitrator or any governmental authority shall have been commenced, and no investigation by any governmental
authority shall have been threatened, against the Company or any subsidiary, or any of the officers, directors or affiliates of the Company
or any Subsidiary seeking to restrain, prevent or change the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or seeking damages in connection
with such transactions.

(e) Stock Certificate. The Company shall have
executed and delivered to the Purchaser a stock certificate for the Shares.

(f) Resolutions. The Board of Directors of the
Company shall have adopted resolutions authorizing the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(g) Material Adverse Effect. No Material Adverse
Effect shall have occurred at or before the Closing Date.

(h) Delivery of the Transaction Documents. The
Transaction Documents to which the Companyisa party shall have been duly executed and delivered by the Company to the Purchaser.

ARTICLE V

Stock Certificate Legend

Section 5.1 Legend. Each certificate representing
the Shares shall be stamped or otherwise imprinted with a legend substantially in the following form:

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND NEITHER SUCH SECURITIES
NOR ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED, ASSIGNED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (1) IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS
OF REGULATION S PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, AND BASED ON AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, WHICH COUNSEL AND OPINION ARE REASONABLY SATISFACTORY
TO THE COMPANY, THAT THE PROVISIONS OF REGULATION S HAVE BEEN SATISFIED, (2) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR (3) PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE
SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, IN WHICH CASE THE HOLDER MUST, PRIOR TO SUCH TRANSFER, FURNISH TO THE COMPANY AN
OPINION OF COUNSEL, WHICH COUNSEL AND OPINION ARE REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY, THAT SUCH SECURITIES MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED,
ASSIGNED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE MANNER CONTEMPLATED PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF
THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. HEDGING TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE
MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT.

The Company agrees to reissue certificates representing
any of the Shares, without the legend set forth above if at such time, prior to making any transfer of any such securities, such holder
thereof shall give written notice to the Company describing the manner and terms of such sale and removal as the Company may reasonably
request. Such proposed transfer and removal will not be effected until: (a) either (i) the Company has received an opinion of counsel
reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that the registration of the Shares under the Securities Act is not required in
connection with such proposed transfer, (ii) a registration statement under the Securities Act covering such proposed disposition has
been filed by the Company with the Commission and has become effective under the Securities Act, (iii) the Company has received other
evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company that such registration and qualification under the Securities Act and state securities
laws are not required, or (iv) the holder provides the Company with reasonable assurances that such security can be sold pursuant to Rule
144 under the Securities Act; and (b) either (i) the Company has received an opinion of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Company,
to the effect that registration or qualification under the securities or blue sky laws of any state is not required in connection
with such proposed disposition, or (ii) compliance with applicable state securities or blue sky laws has been effected or
a valid exemption exists with respect thereto. The Company will respond to any such notice from a holder within five (5) business days.
In the case of any proposed transfer under this Section 5.1, the Company will use reasonable efforts to comply with any such applicable
state securities or blue sky laws, but shall in no event be required, (x) to qualify to do business in any state where it
is not then qualified, (y) to take any action that would subject it to tax or to the general service of process in any state where it
is not then subject, or (z) to comply with state securities or blue sky laws of any state for which registration by coordination
is unavailable to the Company. The restrictions on transfer contained in this Section 5.1 shall be in addition to, and not by way of limitation
of, any other restrictions on transfer contained in any other section of this Agreement.

ARTICLE VI

Indemnification

Section 6.1 General Indemnity. The Company agrees
to indemnify and hold harmless the Purchaser (and it directors, officers, managers, partners, members, shareholders, affiliates, agents,
successors and assigns) from and against any and all losses, liabilities, deficiencies, costs, damages and expenses (including, without
limitation, reasonable attorneys fees, charges and disbursements) incurred by the Purchaser as a result of any inaccuracy in or
breach of the representations, warranties or covenants made by the Company herein. The Purchaser agrees to indemnify and hold harmless
the Company and its directors, officers, affiliates, agents, successors and assigns from and against any and all losses, liabilities,
deficiencies, costs, damages and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees, charges and disbursements)
incurred by the Company as a result of any inaccuracy in or breach of the representations, warranties or covenants made by the Purchaser
herein.

Section 6.2 Indemnification Procedure. Any party
entitled to indemnification under this Article VI (an Indemnified Party) will give written notice to the indemnifying
party of any matters giving rise to a claim for indemnification; provided, that the failure of any party entitled to indemnification
hereunder to give notice as provided herein shall not relieve the indemnifying party of its obligations under this Article VI except to
the extent that the indemnifying party is actually prejudiced by such failure to give notice. In case any action, proceeding or claim
is brought against an Indemnified Party in respect of which indemnification is sought hereunder, the indemnifying party shall be entitled
to participate in and, unless in the reasonable judgment of the Indemnified Party a conflict of interest between it and the indemnifying
party may exist with respect of such action, proceeding or claim, to assume the defense thereof with counsel reasonably satisfactory to
the Indemnified Party. In the event that the indemnifying party advises an Indemnified Party that it will contest such a claim for indemnification
hereunder, or fails, within thirty (30) days of receipt of any indemnification notice to notify, in writing, such person of its election
to defend, settle or compromise, at its sole cost and expense, any action, proceeding or claim (or discontinues its defense at any time
after it commences such defense), then the Indemnified Party may, at its option, defend, settle or otherwise compromise or pay such action
or claim. In any event, unless and until the indemnifying party elects in writing to assume and does so assume the defense of any such
claim, proceeding or action, the Indemnified Partys costs and expenses arising out of the defense, settlement or compromise of
any such action, claim or proceeding shall be losses subject to indemnification hereunder. The Indemnified Party shall cooperate fully
with the indemnifying party in connection with any negotiation or defense of any such action or claim by the indemnifying party and shall
furnish to the indemnifying party all information reasonably available to the Indemnified Party which relates to such action or claim.
The indemnifying party shall keep the Indemnified Party fully apprised at all times as to the status of the defense or any settlement
negotiations with respect thereto. If the indemnifying party elects to defend any such action or claim, then the Indemnified Party shall
be entitled to participate in such defense with counsel of its choice at its sole cost and expense. The indemnifying party shall not be
liable for any settlement of any action, claim or proceeding effected without its prior written consent, provided, however,
that the indemnifying party shall be liable for any settlement if the indemnifying party is advised of the settlement but fails to respond
to the settlement within thirty (30) days of receipt of such notification. Notwithstanding anything in this Article VI to the contrary,
the indemnifying party shall not, without the Indemnified Partys prior written consent, settle or compromise any claim or consent
to entry of any judgment in respect thereof which imposes any future obligation on the Indemnified Party or which does not include, as
an unconditional term thereof, the giving by the claimant or the plaintiff to the Indemnified Party of a release from all liability in
respect of such claim. The indemnification required by this Article VI shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during
the course of investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or expense, loss, damage or liability is incurred, so long as the
Indemnified Party irrevocably agrees to refund such moneys if it is ultimately determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that such
party was not entitled to indemnification. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to (a) any cause of action or
similar rights of the Indemnified Party against the indemnifying party or others, and (b) any liabilities the indemnifying party may be
subject to pursuant to the law.

ARTICLE VII

Miscellaneous

Section 7.1 Fees and Expenses. Each of the parties
to this Agreement shall pay its own fees and expenses of each partys advisors, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any,
and all other expenses, incurred by each party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
and of all documents referred to in it.

Section 7.2 Specific Enforcement.

(a) The Company and the Purchaser acknowledge and agree
that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents were
not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled
to an injunction or injunctions to prevent or cure breaches of the provisions of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents and
to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof or thereof, this being in addition to any other remedy to which any of them may
be entitled by law or equity.

(b) Each of the Company and the Purchaser (i) hereby
irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the United States District Court sitting in the Southern District of New York and the courts
of the State of New York located in New York county for the purposes of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this
Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby and (ii) hereby waives, and agrees
not to assert in any such suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such court, that
the suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each
of the Company and the Purchaser consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via
registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it
under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing
in this Section 7.2 shall affect or limit any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. Each party hereby irrevocably
waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof
to such party at the address for such notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient
service of process and notice thereof. The Company hereby appoints Loeb & Loeb LLP, with offices at 345 Park Avenue, New York, NY
10153 as its agent for service of process in New York. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve
process in any manner permitted by law.

Section 7.3 Entire Agreement; Amendment. This
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents contains the entire understanding and agreement of the parties with respect to the matters
covered hereby and, except as specifically set forth herein or in the Transaction Documents, neither the Company nor the Purchaser makes
any representations, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters and they supersede all prior understandings and agreements
with respect to said subject matter, all of which are merged herein. No provision of this Agreement nor any of the Transaction Documents
may be waived or amended other than by a written instrument signed by the Company and the Purchaser, and no provision hereof may be waived
other than by a written instrument signed by the party against whom enforcement of any such waiver is sought.

Section 7.4 Notices. All notices, demands, consents,
requests, instructions and other communications to be given or delivered or permitted under or by reason of the provisions of this Agreement
or in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby shall be in writing and shall be deemed to be delivered and received by the
intended recipient as follows: (i) if personally delivered, on the business day of such delivery (as evidenced by the receipt of the personal
delivery service), (ii) if mailed certified or registered mail return receipt requested, two (2) business days after being mailed, (iii)
if delivered by overnight courier (with all charges having been prepaid), on the business day of such delivery (as evidenced by the receipt
of the overnight courier service of recognized standing), or (iv) if delivered by facsimile transmission, on the business day of such
delivery if sent by 6:00 p.m. in the time zone of the recipient, or if sent after that time, on the next succeeding business day (as evidenced
by the printed confirmation of delivery generated by the sending partys telecopier machine). If any notice, demand, consent, request,
instruction or other communication cannot be delivered because of a changed address of which no notice was given (in accordance with this
Section 4), or the refusal to accept same, the notice, demand, consent, request, instruction or other communication shall be deemed received
on the second business day the notice is sent (as evidenced by a sworn affidavit of the sender). All such notices, demands, consents,
requests, instructions and other communications will be sent to the following addresses or facsimile numbers as applicable:

If to the Company:

ZW Data Action Technologies Inc.

Room 1811, Xinghuo Keji Plaza, No. 2 Fufeng Road,

Fengtai District, Beijing, PRC 100070

Attention: Mr. Handong Cheng

Tel. No.: +86-10-51600828

Fax No.: +86-10-51600328

with copies (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Loeb & Loeb LLP

345 Park Avenue

New York, NY 10154

Attention: Mitchell S. Nussbaum, Esq.

Tel. No.: (212) 407-4000

Fax No.: (212) 407-4990

If to the Purchaser:

Flat D, 18/F, Bella Vista,

3 Ying Fai Terrace,

Mid-Levels, Hong Kong

Attention: Bunny Pang

Tel. No.: (852) 98441826

Any party hereto may from time to time change
its address for notices by giving at least ten (10) days written notice of such changed address to the other party hereto.

Section 7.5 Waivers. No waiver by any party
of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in
the future or a waiver of any other provisions, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise
any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right accruing to it thereafter.

Section 7.6 Headings. The section headings contained
in this Agreement (including, without limitation, section headings and headings in the exhibits and schedules) are inserted for reference
purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning, construction or interpretation of this Agreement. Any reference to the masculine,
feminine, or neuter gender shall be a reference to such other gender as is appropriate. References to the singular shall include the plural
and vice versa.

Section 7.7 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement
may not be assigned by a party hereto without the prior written consent of the Company or the Purchaser, as applicable, provided,
however, that, subject to federal and state securities laws and as otherwise provided in the Transaction Documents, the Purchaser
may assign its rights and delegate its duties hereunder in whole or in part (i) to a third party acquiring all or substantially all of
its Shares in a private transaction or (ii) to an affiliate, in each case, without the prior written consent of the Company, after notice
duly given by the Purchaser to the Company provided, that no such assignment or obligation shall affect the obligations of the
Purchaser hereunder and that such assignee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred securities, by the provisions
hereof that apply to the Purchaser. The provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the respective
permitted successors and assigns of the parties. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer upon any party other
than the parties hereto or their respective successors and assigns any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by reason
of this Agreement, except as expressly provided in this Agreement.

Section 7.8 No Third Party Beneficiaries. This
Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns and is not for the benefit
of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other person.

Section 7.9 Governing Law. This Agreement shall
be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any of the conflicts
of law principles which would result in the application of the substantive law of another jurisdiction. This Agreement shall not be interpreted
or construed with any presumption against the party causing this Agreement to be drafted.

Section 7.10 Survival. The representations and
warranties of the Company and the Purchaser shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and the Closing hereunder for a period of
three (3) years following the Closing Date.

Section 7.11 Counterparts. This Agreement may
be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and, all of which taken together
shall constitute one and the same Agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered
to the other parties hereto, it being understood that all parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature
is delivered by facsimile transmission, such signature shall create a valid binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf
such signature is executed) the same with the same force and effect as if such facsimile signature were the original thereof.

Section 7.12 Severability. The provisions
of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents are severable and, in the event that any court of competent jurisdiction shall
determine that any one or more of the provisions or part of the provisions contained in this Agreement or the Transaction Documents
shall, for any reason, be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or
unenforceability shall not affect any other provision or part of a provision of this Agreement or the Transaction Documents and such
provision shall be reformed and construed as if such invalid or illegal or unenforceable provision, or part of such provision, had
never been contained herein, so that such provisions would be valid, legal and enforceable to the maximum extent possible.

Section 7.13 Further Assurances. From and
after the date of this Agreement, upon the request of the Purchaser or the Company, each of the Company and the Purchaser shall
execute and deliver such instrument, documents and other writings as may be reasonably necessary or desirable to confirm and carry
out and to effectuate fully the intent and purposes of this Agreement.

Section 7.15 Currency. Unless otherwise indicated,
all dollar amounts referred to in this Agreement are in United States Dollars. All amounts owing under this Agreement or any Transaction
Document shall be paid in US dollars. All amounts denominated in other currencies shall be converted in the US dollar equivalent amount
in accordance with the Exchange Rate on the date of calculation. Exchange Rate means, in relation to any amount of currency
to be converted into US dollars pursuant to this Agreement, the US dollar exchange rate as published in The Wall Street Journal on the
relevant date of calculation.

Section 7.16 Force Majeure. If the transactions under
this Agreement cannot be completed due to any political, military, government intervention or any other force majeure causes which are
out of the Companys or the Purchasers control, this Agreement shall be terminated automatically. Upon a termination in accordance
with this Section 7.16, the Company and the Purchaser shall not have any further obligation or liability (including as arising from such
termination) to the other.

Section 7.17 Termination by Mutual Agreement. This
Agreement may be terminated prior to the Closing by written agreement of the Company and the Purchaser. Upon a termination in accordance
with this Section 7.17, the Company and the Purchaser shall not have any further obligation or liability (including as arising from such
termination) to the other.

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
duly executed by their respective authorized officer as of the date first above written.

ZW DATA ACTION TECHNOLOGIES INC.

By:

Name: Handong Cheng

Title: Chief Executive Officer

COUNTERPART SIGNATURE PAGE

By its execution and delivery of this signature page,
the undersigned Purchaser hereby agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of January
3, 2025.

BEZIER INVESTMENTS LIMITED

By: 

Name: Pang Shiu Bun, Bunny

Title: Director

PRINT EXACT NAME IN WHICH YOU WANT

THE SECURITIES TO BE REGISTERED

Attn: 

Address: 

Phone No. 

Facsimile No. 

EXHIBIT A TO THE

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

FORM OF LOCK-UP AGREEMENT
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>exh_104.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.4
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

LOCK-UP AGREEMENT

This LOCK-UP AGREEMENT (this Agreement)
is dated as of January 3, 2025 by and among ZW Data Action Technologies Inc., a Nevada corporation (NASDAQ: CNET) (the Company),
and Bezier Investments Limited, a British Virgin Island business company (BVI Company Number: 2165068 (the Purchaser).

WHEREAS, the Company intends to
consummate a private placement transaction with the Purchaser, whereby the Company will issue 119,100 shares of common stock (the
Shares) to the Purchaser;

WHEREAS, in connection with the
transaction, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the Purchase Agreement),
by and among the Company and the Purchaser, and certain other agreements, documents, instruments and certificates necessary to carry out
the purposes thereof (collectively, the Transaction Documents); and

WHEREAS, in order to induce the
Company and the Purchaser to enter into the Purchase Agreement, the Purchaser has agreed not to sell any of the Shares, except in accordance
with the terms and conditions set forth herein (the Lock-Up Shares). Capitalized terms used herein without definition
shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Purchase Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the covenants and conditions hereinafter contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Restriction on Transfer;
Term. The Purchaser hereby agrees not to offer, sell, contract to sell, assign, transfer, hypothecate, gift, pledge or grant a security
interest in, or otherwise dispose of, or enter into any transaction which is designed to, or might reasonably be expected to, result in
the disposition of (whether by actual disposition or effective economic disposition due to cash settlement or otherwise, directly or indirectly)
(each, a Transfer), any of the Lock-Up Shares until the six-month anniversary of the date of this Agreement (the
Lock-Up Period).

2. Ownership. During
the Lock-Up Period, the Purchaser shall retain all rights of ownership in the Lock-Up Shares, including, without limitation, voting rights
and the right to receive any dividends that may be declared in respect thereof.

3. Company and Transfer
Agent. The Company is hereby authorized and required to disclose the existence of this Agreement to its transfer agent. The Company
and its transfer agent are hereby authorized and required to decline to make any transfer of the Lock-Up Shares if such transfer would
constitute a violation or breach of this Agreement.

4. Notices. All notices,
demands, consents, requests, instructions and other communications to be given or delivered or permitted under or by reason of the provisions
of this Agreement or in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby shall be in writing and shall be deemed to be delivered and
received by the intended recipient as follows: (i) if personally delivered, on the business day of such delivery (as evidenced by the
receipt of the personal delivery service), (ii) if mailed certified or registered mail return receipt requested, two (2) business days
after being mailed, (iii) if delivered by overnight courier (with all charges having been prepaid), on the business day of such delivery
(as evidenced by the receipt of the overnight courier service of recognized standing), or (iv) if delivered by facsimile transmission,
on the business day of such delivery if sent by 6:00 p.m. in the time zone of the recipient, or if sent after that time, on the next succeeding
business day (as evidenced by the printed confirmation of delivery generated by the sending partys telecopier machine). If any
notice, demand, consent, request, instruction or other communication cannot be delivered because of a changed address of which no notice
was given (in accordance with this Section 4), or the refusal to accept same, the notice, demand, consent, request, instruction or other
communication shall be deemed received on the second business day the notice is sent (as evidenced by a sworn affidavit of the sender).
All such notices, demands, consents, requests, instructions and other communications will be sent to the following addresses or facsimile
numbers as applicable.

1

If to the Company:

ZW Data Action Technologies Inc.

Room 1811, Xinghuo Keji Plaza,
No. 2 Fufeng Road,

Fengtai District, Beijing, PRC
100070

Attention: Mr. Handong Cheng

Tel. No.: +86-10-51600828

Fax No.: +86-10-51600328

with copies (which copies shall
not constitute notice to the Company) to:

Loeb & Loeb LLP

345 Park Avenue

New York, NY 10154

Attn.: Mitchell Nussbaum, Esq.

Tel. No.: (212) 407-4159

Fax No.: (212) 407-4990

If to the Purchaser:

Flat D, 18/F, Bella Vista,

3 Ying Fai Terrace,

Mid-Levels, Hong Kong

Attention: Bunny Pang

Tel. No.: (852) 98441826

or to such other address as any party may specify
by notice given to the other party in accordance with this Section 4.

5. Amendment. This
Agreement may not be modified, changed, supplemented, amended or terminated, nor may any obligations hereunder be waived, except by written
instrument signed by the parties to be charged or by its agent duly authorized in writing or as otherwise expressly permitted herein.

6. Entire Agreement.
This Agreement contains the entire understanding and agreement of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all
prior and/or contemporaneous understandings and agreements of any kind and nature (whether written or oral) among the parties with respect
to such subject matter.

7. Governing Law.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without giving effect
to any of the conflicts of law principles which would result in the application of the substantive law of another jurisdiction. This Agreement
shall not be interpreted or construed with any presumption against the party causing this Agreement to be drafted.

8. Severability. The
provisions of this Agreement are severable and, in the event that any court of competent jurisdiction shall determine that any one or
more of the provisions or part of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall, for any reason, be held to be invalid, illegal or
unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision or part of a provision
of this Agreement and such provision shall be reformed and construed as if such invalid or illegal or unenforceable provision, or part
of such provision, had never been contained herein, so that such provisions would be valid, legal and enforceable to the maximum extent
possible.

9. Binding Effect; Assignment.
This Agreement and the rights and obligations hereunder may not be assigned by the Purchaser hereto without the prior written consent
of the Company. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors
and permitted assigns.

2

10. Headings. The
section headings contained in this Agreement are inserted for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning, construction
or interpretation of this Agreement. Any reference to the masculine, feminine, or neuter gender shall be a reference to such other gender
as is appropriate. References to the singular shall include the plural and vice versa.

11. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and, all
of which taken together shall constitute one and the same Agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each
party and delivered to the other parties hereto, it being understood that all parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event
that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission, such signature shall create a valid binding obligation of the party executing
(or on whose behalf such signature is executed) the same with the same force and effect as if such facsimile signature were the original
thereof.

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this
Agreement as of the date first written above herein.

ZW DATA ACTION TECHNOLOGIES INC.

By: 

Name: Handong Cheng

Title: Chief Executive Officer

PURCHASER:

BEZIER INVESTMENTS LIMITED

By: 

Name: Pang Shiu Bun, Bunny

Title: Director

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>cnet-20250103.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>cnet-20250103_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>cnet-20250103_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 03, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 03, 2025

Entity File Number 001-34647

Entity Registrant Name ZW Data Action Technologies Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001376321

Entity Tax Identification Number 20-4672080

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 10th Floor, Tower A, 

Entity Address, Address Line Two No. 68 First Helong Road

Entity Address, Address Line Three Baiyun District

Entity Address, City or Town Guangzhou City, Guangdong Province

Entity Address, Country CN

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 510440

City Area Code 10

Local Phone Number 60846616

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.001

Trading Symbol CNET

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 3 such as an Office Park+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine3

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://zdat.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cnet-20250103.xsd 
cnet-20250103_lab.xml 
cnet-20250103_pre.xml 
f8k_010325.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001171843-25-000085-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>f8k_010325_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001376321 

2025-01-03 
2025-01-03 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001376321 
8-K 
2025-01-03 
ZW Data Action Technologies Inc. 
NV 
001-34647 
20-4672080 
10th Floor, Tower A, 
No. 68 First Helong Road 
Baiyun District 
Guangzhou City, Guangdong Province 
CN 
510440 
10 
60846616 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 
CNET 
NASDAQ
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>