<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-006052.txt : 20250212
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-006052.hdr.sgml : 20250212
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250212092200
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-006052
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250212
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250212
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250212

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Indaptus Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001857044
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				863158720
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40652
		FILM NUMBER:		25612424

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3 COLUMBUS CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		15TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(646) 427-2727

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3 COLUMBUS CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		15TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Intec Parent Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210414
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000185704400018570442025-02-122025-02-12iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
DC 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d)

of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported) February 12, 2025

INDAPTUS
THERAPEUTICS, INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-40652 86-3158720

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

3
Columbus Circle 15th Floor

New
York 10019

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

(646)427-2727

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, $0.01 par value INDP Nasdaq
Capital Market

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933
( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01. Entry
into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
February 12, 2025, Indaptus Therapeutics, Inc. (the
Company) entered into a Standby Equity Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with YA II PN,
LTD., a Cayman Islands exempt limited company (Yorkville).

Pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement, the Company has the right, but not the obligation, to sell to Yorkville from time to time (each such occurrence,
an Advance) up to $20.0 million (the Commitment Amount) of
the Companys common stock, $0.01 par value per share (Common Stock), during the 36 months following the execution
of the Purchase Agreement, subject to the restrictions and satisfaction of the conditions in the Purchase Agreement. At the Companys
option, the shares of Common Stock would be purchased by Yorkville from time to time at a price equal to 97% of the lowest of the three
daily VWAPs (as hereinafter defined) during a three consecutive trading day period commencing on the date that the Company, subject to
certain limitations, delivers a notice to Yorkville that the Company is committing Yorkville to purchase such Ordinary Shares (the Advance
Shares). The Company may also specify a certain minimum acceptable price per share in each Advance. VWAP means,
for any trading day, the daily volume weighted average price of the Companys Ordinary Shares for such trading day on the Nasdaq
Stock Market during regular trading hours as reported by Bloomberg L.P. As consideration for Yorkvilles irrevocable commitment
to purchase the Companys Ordinary Shares up to the Commitment Amount, the Company agreed to issue 305,960 shares of Common
Stock (the Commitment Shares) to Yorkville and also paid a $25,000 structuring fee to Yorkville.

Under
the applicable rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (the Nasdaq Rules) and pursuant to the SEPA, in no event may the Company
issue or sell to the Investor shares of Common Stock in excess of 2,823,244 shares (the Exchange Cap), which is
19.99% of the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the execution of the SEPA, unless (i) the Company obtains stockholder
approval to issue shares of Common Stock in excess of the Exchange Cap or (ii) the average price of all applicable sales of Common Stock
under the SEPA equals or exceeds $0.81722 per share (which represents the lower of (i) the Nasdaq Official Closing Price (as reflected
on Nasdaq.com) on the trading day immediately preceding the Effective Date or (ii) the average Nasdaq Official Closing Price of the Common
Stock (as reflected on Nasdaq.com) for the five trading days immediately preceding the Effective Date). In any event, the Company may
not issue or sell any shares of Common Stock under the SEPA if such issuance or sale would breach any applicable Nasdaq Rules.

Pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement, Yorkville shall not be obligated to purchase or acquire any shares of Common Stock under the Purchase Agreement
which, when aggregated with all other shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by Yorkville and its affiliates, would result in the
beneficial ownership of Yorkville and its affiliates (on an aggregated basis) exceeding 9.99% of the then outstanding voting power
or number of the Companys Ordinary Shares.

Yorkvilles
obligation to purchase the Companys shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Purchase Agreement is subject to a number of conditions,
including that a registration statement (the Registration Statement) be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC), registering the Commitment Shares to be issued and the Advance Shares to be issued and sold pursuant to an Advance
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) and that the Registration Statement is declared effective
by the SEC.

The
foregoing description of the Purchase Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of such agreement, a copy
of which is attached hereto as Exhibits 10.1 and which is incorporated herein in its entirety by reference. The representations, warranties
and covenants contained in such agreements were made only for purposes of such agreements and as of specific dates, were solely for the
benefit of the parties to such agreements and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties.

In
addition, effective February 12, 2025, the Company terminated the purchase agreement that the Company entered into with Lincoln Park
Capital Fund, LLC in December 2022.

This
Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there
be any sale of securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration
or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.

Item
3.02. Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities.

The
information contained above in Item 1.01 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02.

In
the Purchase Agreement, Yorkville represented to the Company, among other things, that it is an accredited investor (as
such term is defined in Rule 501(a)(3) of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act)).
The securities referred to in this current report on Form 8-K are being issued and sold by the Company to Yorkville in reliance upon
the exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506(b)
of Regulation D promulgated thereunder.

Item
9.01. Financial
Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit
No. Description

10.1* Form of Standby Equity Purchase Agreement dated as of February 12, 2025 by and between the Company and YA II PN Ltd.

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

*
Certain of the exhibits and schedules to this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601. The Registrant agrees
to furnish a copy of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the SEC upon its request.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date:
February 12, 2025

INDAPTUS
THERAPEUTICS, INC.

By: /s/
Nir Sassi

Name: Nir
Sassi

Title: Chief
Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

STANDBY
EQUITY PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS
STANDBY EQUITY PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement) dated as of February 12, 2025, is made by and between YA
II PN, LTD., a Cayman Islands exempt limited company (the Investor), and INDAPTUS THERAPEUTICS, INC., a
company incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Company). The Investor and the Company may be
referred to herein individually as a Party and collectively as the Parties.

WHEREAS,
the Parties desire that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained herein, the Company shall have the right to issue and
sell to the Investor, from time to time as provided herein, and the Investor shall purchase from the Company, up to $20 million of the
Companys shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Common Shares);

WHEREAS,
the Common Shares are listed for trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol INDP;

WHEREAS,
the offer and sale of the Common Shares issuable hereunder will be made in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the Securities Act), or upon such other
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act as may be available with respect to any or all of the transactions
to be made hereunder; and

WHEREAS,
in consideration of the Investors execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company shall issue to the Investor the Commitment
Shares pursuant to and in accordance with Section 11.04.

NOW,
THEREFORE, the Parties hereto agree as follows:

Article
I. Certain Definitions

Capitalized
terms used in this Agreement meanings ascribed to such terms in Annex I hereto, and hereby made a part hereof, or as otherwise set forth
in this Agreement.

Article
II. Advances

Section
2.01 Advances; Mechanics. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, during the Commitment Period, the Company,
at its sole discretion, shall have the right, but not the obligation, to issue and sell to the Investor, and the Investor shall purchase
from the Company, Advance Shares by the delivery to the Investor of Advance Notices on the following terms:

(a) Advance
Notice. At any time during the Commitment Period the Company may require the Investor
to purchase Advance Shares by delivering an Advance Notice to the Investor, subject to the
satisfaction or waiver by the Investor of the conditions set forth in Annex II, and in accordance
with the following provisions:

(i) The
Company shall, in its sole discretion, select the number of Advance Shares, not to exceed
the Maximum Advance Amount (unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the Company and the
Investor), it desires to issue and sell to the Investor in each Advance Notice and the time
it desires to deliver each Advance Notice.

(ii) There
shall be no mandatory minimum Advances and there shall be no non-usage fee for not utilizing
the Commitment Amount or any part thereof.

(b) Date
of Delivery of Advance Notice. Advance Notices shall be delivered in accordance with
the instructions set forth on the bottom of Exhibit A attached hereto. An Advance
Notice shall be deemed delivered on (i) the day it is received by the Investor if such notice
is received by email at or before 9:00 a.m. New York City time (or at such later time if
agreed to by the Investor in its sole discretion), or (ii) the immediately succeeding day
if it is received by email after 9:00 a.m. New York City time. Upon receipt of an Advance
Notice, the Investor shall promptly provide written confirmation (which may be by e-mail)
of receipt of such Advance Notice, and which confirmation shall specify the commencement
time of the applicable Pricing Period.

(c) Advance
Limitations, Regulatory. Regardless of the number of Advance Shares requested by the
Company in an Advance Notice, the final number of Advance Shares to be issued and sold pursuant
to such Advance Notice shall be reduced (if at all) in accordance with each of the following
limitations:

(i) Ownership
Limitation; Commitment Amount. At the request of the Company, the Investor shall inform
the Company in writing of the number of shares the Investor then beneficially owns. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Investor shall not be obligated
to purchase or acquire, and shall not purchase or acquire, any Common Shares under this Agreement
which, when aggregated with all other Common Shares beneficially owned by the Investor and
its Affiliates (as calculated pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and Rule 13d-3
promulgated thereunder), would result in the beneficial ownership by the Investor and its
Affiliates (on an aggregated basis) of a number of Common Shares exceeding 9.99% of the then
outstanding voting power or number of Common Shares (the Ownership Limitation).
Upon the request of the Investor, the Company shall promptly (but no later than the next
Business Day on which the transfer agent for the Common Shares is open for business) confirm
orally or in writing to the Investor the number of Common Shares then outstanding. In connection
with each Advance Notice delivered by the Company, any portion of an Advance that would (i)
cause the Investor to exceed the Ownership Limitation or (ii) cause the aggregate number
of Shares issued and sold to the Investor hereunder to exceed the Commitment Amount shall
automatically be withdrawn with no further action required by the Company, and such Advance
Notice shall be deemed automatically modified to reduce the number of Advance Shares requested
by an amount equal to such withdrawn portion; provided that in the event of any such automatic
withdrawal and automatic modification, the Investor will promptly notify the Company of such
event.

- 2 -

(ii) Registration
Limitation. In no event shall an Advance exceed the number of Common Shares registered
in respect of the transactions contemplated hereby under the Registration Statement then
in effect (the Registration Limitation). In connection with each Advance
Notice, any portion of an Advance that would exceed the Registration Limitation shall automatically
be withdrawn with no further action required by the Company and such Advance Notice shall
be deemed automatically modified to reduce the aggregate amount of the requested Advance
by an amount equal to such withdrawn portion; provided that in the event of any such automatic
withdrawal and automatic modification, the Investor will promptly notify the Company of such
event.

(iii) Compliance
with Rules of Principal Market. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the
Company shall not effect any sales under this Agreement and the Investor shall not have the
obligation to purchase Common Shares under this Agreement to the extent (but only to the
extent) that after giving effect to such purchase and sale the aggregate number of Common
Shares issued under this Agreement would exceed 2,823,244 (representing 19.99% of the aggregate
number of Common Shares issued and outstanding as of the Effective Date of this Agreement
(subject to adjustment for any stock splits, combinations or the like)), calculated in accordance
with the rules of the Principal Market, which number shall be reduced, on a share-for-share
basis, by the number of Common Shares issued or issuable pursuant to any transaction or series
of transactions that may be aggregated with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
under the applicable rules of the Principal Market (such maximum number of shares, the Exchange
Cap) provided that, the Exchange Cap will not apply if (a) the Companys
stockholders have approved the issuance of Common Shares pursuant to this Agreement in excess
of the Exchange Cap in accordance with the rules of the Principal Market, or (b) the Average
Price of all applicable sales of Common Shares hereunder (including any sales covered by
an Advance Notice that has been delivered prior to the determination of whether this clause
(b) applies) equals or exceed $0.81722 per share (which represents the lower of (i)
the Nasdaq Official Closing Price (as reflected on Nasdaq.com) immediately preceding the
Effective Date; or (ii) the average Nasdaq Official Closing Price for the five Trading Days
immediately preceding the Effective Date). In connection with each Advance Notice,
any portion of an Advance that would exceed the Exchange Cap shall automatically be withdrawn
with no further action required by the Company and such Advance Notice shall be deemed automatically
modified to reduce the aggregate amount of the requested Advance by an amount equal to such
withdrawn portion in respect of each Advance Notice.

- 3 -

(d) Minimum
Acceptable Price.

(i) With
respect to each Advance Notice, the Company may notify the Investor of the Minimum Acceptable
Price with respect to such Advance by indicating a Minimum Acceptable Price on such Advance
Notice. If no Minimum Acceptable Price is specified in an Advance Notice, then no Minimum
Acceptable Price shall be in effect in connection with such Advance. Each Trading Day during
a Pricing Period for which (A) with respect to each Advance Notice with a Minimum Acceptable
Price, the VWAP of the Common Shares is below the Minimum Acceptable Price in effect with
respect to such Advance Notice, or (B) there is no VWAP (each such day, an Excluded
Day), shall result in an automatic reduction to the number of Advance Shares set
forth in such Advance Notice by one-third (1/3) (the resulting amount of each Advance being
the Adjusted Advance Amount), and each Excluded Day shall be excluded
from the Pricing Period for purposes of determining the Market Price.

(ii) The
total Advance Shares in respect of each Advance with any Excluded Day(s) (after reductions
have been made to arrive at the Adjusted Advance Amount) shall be automatically increased
by such number of Common Shares (the Additional Shares) equal to the
greater of (a) the number of Common Shares sold by the Investor on such Excluded Day(s),
if any, or (b) such number of Common Shares elected to be subscribed for by the Investor,
and the subscription price per share for each Additional Share shall be equal to the Minimum
Acceptable Price in effect with respect to such Advance Notice multiplied by 97%, provided
that this increase shall not cause the total Advance Shares to exceed the amount set forth
in the applicable Advance Notice or any limitations set forth in Section 2.01(c).

(e) Unconditional
Contract. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, the Company and the
Investor acknowledge and agree that upon the Investors receipt of a valid Advance
Notice from the Company the Parties shall be deemed to have entered into an unconditional
contract binding on both Parties for the purchase and sale of the applicable number of Advance
Shares pursuant to such Advance Notice in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and
(i) subject to Applicable Laws and (ii) subject to Section 3.08, the Investor may sell Common
Shares during the Pricing Period for such Advance Notice (including with respect to any Advance
Shares subject to such Pricing Period).

- 4 -

Section
2.02 Closings. The closing of each Advance and each sale and purchase of Advance Shares (each, a Closing)
shall take place as soon as practicable on or after each Advance Date in accordance with the procedures set forth below. The Parties
acknowledge that the Purchase Price is not known at the time the Advance Notice is delivered (at which time the Investor is irrevocably
bound) but shall be determined on each Closing based on the daily prices of the Common Shares that are the inputs to the determination
of the Purchase Price as set forth further below (provided that for the purposes of determining the daily VWAP for any Trading Day, the
Parties may use only a specified period withing a Trading Day upon mutual consent). In connection with each Closing, the Company and
the Investor shall fulfill each of its obligations as set forth below:

(a) On
each Advance Date, the Investor shall deliver to the Company a written document, in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit B (each a Settlement Document), setting forth
the final number of Shares to be purchased by the Investor (taking into account any adjustments
pursuant to Section 2.01), the Market Price, the Purchase Price, the aggregate proceeds
to be paid by the Investor to the Company, and a report by Bloomberg, L.P. indicating the
VWAP for each of the Trading Days during the Pricing Period (or, if not reported on Bloomberg,
L.P., another reporting service reasonably agreed to by the parties), in each case in accordance
with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

(b) Promptly
after receipt of the Settlement Document with respect to each Advance (and, in any event,
not later than one Trading Day after such receipt), the Company will, or will cause its transfer
agent to, electronically transfer such number of Advance Shares to be purchased by the Investor
(as set forth in the Settlement Document) by crediting the Investors account or its
designees account at the Depository Trust Company through its Deposit Withdrawal at
Custodian System or by such other means of delivery as may be mutually agreed upon by the
parties hereto, and transmit notification to the Investor that such share transfer has been
requested. Promptly upon receipt of such notification, the Investor shall pay to the Company
the aggregate purchase price of the Advance Shares (as set forth in the Settlement Document)
in cash in immediately available funds to an account designated by the Company in writing
and transmit notification to the Company that such funds transfer has been requested. No
fractional shares shall be issued, and any fractional shares that would otherwise be issued
in connection with an Advance shall be rounded to the next higher whole number of shares.
To facilitate the transfer of the Advance Shares by the Investor, the Advance Shares will
not bear any restrictive legends so long as there is an effective Registration Statement
covering the resale of such Common Shares (it being understood and agreed by the Investor
that notwithstanding the lack of restrictive legends, the Investor may only sell such Advance
Shares pursuant to the Plan of Distribution set forth in the Prospectus included in the applicable
Registration Statement and otherwise in compliance with the requirements of the Securities
Act (including any applicable prospectus delivery requirements) or pursuant to an available
exemption).

(c) On
or prior to the Advance Date, each of the Company and the Investor shall deliver to the other
all documents, instruments and writings expressly required to be delivered by either of them
pursuant to this Agreement in order to implement and effect the transactions contemplated
herein.

(d) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if on any day during the Pricing Period (i) the
Company notifies the Investor that a Material Outside Event has occurred, or (ii) the Company
notifies the Investor of a Black Out Period, the parties agree that the pending Advance shall
end and the final number of Advance Shares to be purchased by the Investor at the Closing
for such Advance shall be equal to the number of Advance Shares sold by the Investor during
the applicable Pricing Period prior to the notification from the Company of a Material Outside
Event or Black Out Period.

- 5 -

Section
2.03 Hardship.

(a) In
the event the Company fails to perform its obligations as mandated in this Agreement after
the Investors receipt of an Advance Notice, the Company agrees that in addition to
and in no way limiting the rights and obligations set forth in Article V hereto and in addition
to any other remedy to which the Investor is entitled at law or in equity, including, without
limitation, specific performance, it will hold the Investor harmless against any loss, claim,
damage, or expense (including reasonable legal fees and expenses, but excluding punitive
damages), as incurred, arising out of or in connection with such default by the Company and
acknowledges that irreparable damage may occur in the event of any such default. It is accordingly
agreed that the Investor shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent such
breaches of this Agreement and to specifically enforce (subject to Applicable Laws and the
rules of the Principal Market), without the posting of a bond or other security, the terms
and provisions of this Agreement.

(b) In
the event the Company provides an Advance Notice and the Investor fails to perform its obligations
as mandated in Section 2.02, the Investor agrees that in addition to and in no way limiting
the rights and obligations set forth in Article V hereto and in addition to any other remedy
to which the Company is entitled at law or in equity, including, without limitation, specific
performance, it will hold the Company harmless against any loss, claim, damage, or expense
(including reasonable legal fees and expenses, but excluding punitive damages), as incurred,
arising out of or in connection with such default by the Investor and acknowledges that irreparable
damage may occur in the event of any such default. It is accordingly agreed that the Company
shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent such breaches of this Agreement
and to specifically enforce (subject to the Securities Act and other rules of the Principal
Market), without the posting of a bond or other security, the terms and provisions of this
Agreement.

Section
2.04 Completion of Resale Pursuant to the Registration Statement. After the Investor has purchased the full Commitment Amount
and has completed the subsequent resale of the full Commitment Amount pursuant to the Registration Statement, Investor will notify the
Company in writing (which may be by e-mail) that all subsequent resales are completed and the Company will be under no further obligation
to maintain the effectiveness of the Registration Statement.

- 6 -

Article
III. Representations and Warranties of the Investor

The
Investor represents and warrants to the Company, as of the date hereof, as of each Advance Notice Date and as of each Advance Date that:

Section
3.01 Organization and Authorization. The Investor is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
Cayman Islands and has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into, execute, deliver and perform its obligations under
the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and to purchase or acquire the Shares in accordance with the terms hereof. The decision
to invest and the execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party by the Investor, the performance by the
Investor of its obligations hereunder and the consummation by the Investor of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized
and require no other proceedings on the part of the Investor. The undersigned has the right, power and authority to execute and deliver
the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and all other instruments on behalf of the Investor or its shareholders. This Agreement
and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party have been duly executed and delivered by the Investor and, assuming the execution
and delivery hereof and acceptance thereof by the Company, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Investor,
enforceable against the Investor in accordance with its terms.

Section
3.02 Evaluation of Risks. The Investor has such knowledge and experience in financial, tax and business matters as to be capable
of evaluating the merits and risks of, and bearing the economic risks entailed by, an investment in the Common Shares of the Company
and of protecting its interests in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that its
investment in the Company involves a high degree of risk, and that the Investor may lose all or a part of its investment.

Section
3.03 No Legal, Investment or Tax Advice from the Company. The Investor acknowledges that it had the opportunity to review the
Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents with its own legal counsel and investment and tax
advisors. The Investor is relying solely on such counsel and advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or
any of the Companys representatives or agents for legal, tax, investment or other advice with respect to the Investors
acquisition of Common Shares hereunder, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the laws of any jurisdiction, and the Investor
acknowledges that the Investor may lose all or a part of its investment.

Section
3.04 Investment Purpose. The Investor is acquiring the Common Shares for its own account, for investment purposes and not with
a view towards, or for resale in connection with, the public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered under
or exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act; provided, however, that by making the representations herein, the
Investor does not agree, or make any representation or warranty, to hold any of the Shares for any minimum or other specific term and
reserves the right to dispose of the Shares at any time in accordance with, or pursuant to, a Registration Statement filed pursuant to
this Agreement or an applicable exemption under the Securities Act. The Investor does not presently have any agreement or understanding,
directly or indirectly, with any Person to sell or distribute any of the Shares. The Investor is acquiring the Shares hereunder in the
ordinary course of its business. The Investor acknowledges that it will be disclosed as an underwriter
and a selling stockholder in each Registration Statement and in any prospectus contained therein to the extent required
by applicable law and to the extent the prospectus is related to the resale of Registrable Securities.

Section
3.05 Accredited Investor. The Investor is an Accredited Investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a)(3)
of Regulation D.

- 7 -

Section
3.06 Information. The Investor and its advisors (and its counsel), if any, have been furnished with all materials relating to
the business, finances and operations of the Company and information the Investor deemed material to making an informed investment decision.
The Investor and its advisors (and its counsel), if any, have been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the Company and its management
and have received answers to such questions. Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigations conducted by such Investor
or its advisors (and its counsel), if any, or its representatives shall modify, amend or affect the Investors right to rely on
the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that the Company
has not made to the Investor, and the Investor acknowledges and agrees it has not relied upon, any representations and warranties of
the Company, its employees or any third party other than the representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement.
The Investor understands that its investment involves a high degree of risk. The Investor has sought such accounting, legal and tax advice,
as it has considered necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby.

Section
3.07 Not an Affiliate. The Investor is not an officer, director or a person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries,
controls or is controlled by, or is under common control with the Company or any Affiliate of the Company (as that
term is defined in Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act).

Section
3.08 No Prior Short Sales. The Investor, its sole member, any of their respective officers, or any entity managed or controlled
by the Investor or its sole member, has not directly or indirectly, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding
with the Investor, engaged in or effected any transactions in the securities of the Company (including, without limitation, (i) any Short
Sales (as such term is defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO of the Exchange Act) or (ii) hedging transaction, in either case which establishes
a net short position with respect to the Companys securities) during the period commencing as of the time that the Investor first
contacted the Company or the Companys agents regarding the specific investment in the Company contemplated by this Agreement and
ending immediately prior to the execution of this Agreement by the Investor.

Section
3.09 General Solicitation. Neither the Investor, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has
engaged or will engage in any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D) in connection
with any offer or sale of the Common Shares by the Investor.

Section
3.10 Resale of Shares. The Investor represents, warrants and covenants that it will resell the Shares only pursuant to (i) a Registration
Statement in which the resale of such Shares is registered under the Securities Act, in a manner described under the caption Plan
of Distribution in such Registration Statement, and in a manner in material compliance with all applicable federal and state securities
laws, rules and regulations, or (ii) pursuant to an exception or exemption from the registration provisions of the Securities Act.

- 8 -

Article
IV. Representations and Warranties of the Company

Except
as set forth in the SEC Documents, the Company represents and warrants to the Investor that, as of the date hereof, each Advance Notice
Date and each Advance Date (other than representations and warranties which address matters only as of a certain date, which shall be
true and correct as written as of such certain date):

Section
4.01 Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are entities duly organized and validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of their respective jurisdiction of organization or incorporation, and has the requisite power and
authority to own its properties and to carry on its business as now being conducted. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is duly
qualified to do business and is in good standing (to the extent applicable) in every jurisdiction in which the nature of the business
conducted by it makes such qualification necessary, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified or be in good standing has
not had and would not be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

Section
4.02 Authorization, Enforcement, Compliance with Other Instruments. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority
to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and to issue the Shares in accordance
with the terms hereof and thereof. The execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, and
the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance of the
Shares) have been or (with respect to consummation) will be duly authorized by the Companys board of directors (or a duly authorized
and empowered committee thereof) and no further consent or authorization will be required by the Company, its board of directors or its
shareholders. This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which the Company is a party have been (or, when executed and delivered,
will be) duly executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming the execution and delivery thereof and acceptance by the Investor,
constitute (or, when duly executed and delivered, will be) the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against
the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity or
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or other laws relating to, or affecting generally, the enforcement
of applicable creditors rights and remedies and except as rights to indemnification and to contribution may be limited by federal
or state securities law.

Section
4.03 Authorization of the Shares. The Shares to be issued under this Agreement have been, or with respect to Shares to be purchased
by the Investor pursuant to an Advance Notice, will be, when issued and delivered pursuant to the terms approved by the board of directors
of the Company or a duly authorized committee thereof, or a duly authorized executive committee, against payment therefor as provided
herein, duly and validly authorized and issued and fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of any pledge, lien, encumbrance, security
interest or other claim, including any statutory or contractual preemptive rights, resale rights, rights of first refusal or other similar
rights, and will be registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act. The Shares, when issued, will conform to the description thereof
set forth in or incorporated into the Prospectus.

- 9 -

Section
4.04 No Conflict. The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by
the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance of the Shares) will not
(i) result in a violation of the articles of incorporation or other organizational documents of the Company or its Subsidiaries (with
respect to consummation, as the same may be amended prior to the date on which any of the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated),
(ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or
give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which
the Company or its Subsidiaries is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including
federal and state securities laws and regulations) applicable to the Company or its Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of
the Company or its Subsidiaries is bound or affected except, in the case of clause (ii) or (iii) above, to the extent such violations
have not had and would not be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

Section
4.05 SEC Documents; Financial Statements. Since January 1, 2024, the Company has timely filed (giving effect to permissible extensions
in accordance with Rule 12b-25 under the Exchange Act)all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed
by it with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act and all documents and disclosures that have been incorporated by reference therein (all
such documents hereinafter referred to as the SEC Documents). The Company has delivered or made available to the
Investor through the SECs website at http://www.sec.gov, true and complete copies of the SEC Documents, as applicable. Except
as disclosed in amendments or subsequent filings to the SEC Documents, as of its filing date (or, if amended or superseded by a filing
prior to the date hereof, on the date of such amended or superseded filing), each of the SEC Documents complied in all material respects
with the requirements of the Exchange Act or the Securities Act, as applicable, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated
thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, and did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading.

Section
4.06 Financial Statements. The consolidated financial statements of the Company included or incorporated by reference in the SEC
Documents, together with the related notes and schedules, present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position
of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the dates indicated and the consolidated results of operations, cash flows and changes in stockholders
equity of the Company for the periods specified and have been prepared in compliance with the requirements of the Securities Act and
Exchange Act and in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP) applied
on a consistent basis (except for (i) such adjustments to accounting standards and practices as are noted therein, (ii) in the case of
unaudited interim financial statements, to the extent such financial statements may not include footnotes required by GAAP or may be
condensed or summary statements and (iii) such adjustments which are not material, either individually or in the aggregate) during the
periods involved; the other financial and statistical data with respect to the Company and the Subsidiaries contained or incorporated
by reference in the SEC Documents are accurately and fairly presented and prepared on a basis consistent with the financial statements
and books and records of the Company; there are no financial statements (historical or pro forma) that are required to be included or
incorporated by reference in the SEC Documents that are not included or incorporated by reference as required; the Company and the Subsidiaries
do not have any material liabilities or obligations, direct or contingent (including any off-balance sheet obligations), not described
in the SEC Documents (excluding the exhibits thereto); and all disclosures contained or incorporated by reference in the SEC Documents
regarding non-GAAP financial measures (as such term is defined by the rules and regulations of the SEC) comply in all material
respects with Regulation G of the Exchange Act and Item 10 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act, to the extent applicable. The
interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in the SEC Documents fairly presents
the information called for in all material respects and has been prepared in accordance with the SECs rules and guidelines applicable
thereto.

- 10 -

Section
4.07 Registration Statement and Prospectus. The Company and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement meet the requirements
for and comply with the conditions for the use of Form S-1 under the Securities Act. Each Registration Statement and the offer and sale
of Shares as contemplated hereby, if and when filed, will meet the requirements of Rule 415 under the Securities Act and comply in all
material respects with said Rule. Any statutes, regulations, contracts or other documents that are required to be described in a Registration
Statement or a Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, or to be filed as exhibits to a Registration Statement have been so
described or filed. Copies of each Registration Statement, any Prospectus, and any such amendments or supplements thereto and all documents
incorporated by reference therein that were filed with the SEC on or prior to the date of this Agreement have been delivered, or are
available through EDGAR, to the Investor and its counsel. The Company has not distributed and, prior to the later to occur of each Advance
Date and completion of the distribution of the Shares, will not distribute any offering material in connection with the offering or sale
of the Shares other than a Registration Statement, the Prospectus contained therein, and any required prospectus supplement, in each
case as reviewed and consented to by the Investor.

Section
4.08 No Misstatement or Omission. Each Registration Statement, when it became or becomes effective, and any Prospectus, on the
date of such Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, conformed and will conform in all material respects with the requirements
of the Securities Act. At each Advance Notice Date and applicable Advance Date, the Registration Statement, and the Prospectus, as of
such date, will conform in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act. Each Registration Statement, when it became
or becomes effective, did not, and will not, contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. Each Prospectus did not, or will not, include an untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. The documents incorporated by reference in a Prospectus or any Prospectus Supplement did
not, and any further documents filed and incorporated by reference therein will not, when filed with the SEC, contain an untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated in such document or necessary to make the statements in such
document, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The foregoing shall not apply to statements in, or
omissions from, any such document made in reliance upon, and in conformity with, information furnished to the Company by the Investor
specifically for use in the preparation thereof.

- 11 -

Section
4.09 Conformity with Securities Act and Exchange Act. Each Registration Statement, each Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement
thereto, and the documents incorporated by reference in each Registration Statement, Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto,
when such documents were or are filed with the SEC under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act or became or become effective under the
Securities Act, as the case may be, conformed or will conform in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and
the Exchange Act, as applicable.

Section
4.10 Equity Capitalization.

(a) As
of the date hereof, the authorized capital of the Company consists of 200,000,000 Common
Shares and 5,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share. As
of the date hereof, the Company had 14,123,284 Common Shares outstanding and no shares of
preferred stock outstanding.

(b) The
Common Shares are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and are currently
listed on a Principal Market under the trading symbol INDP. The Company has
taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration
of the Common Shares under the Exchange Act, delisting the Common Shares from the Principal
Market, nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission or the Principal
Market is contemplating terminating such registration or listing. To the Companys
knowledge, it is in compliance with all applicable listing requirements of the Principal
Market.

(c) Existing
Securities Obligations. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents: (A) none of the
Companys or any Subsidiarys shares, interests or capital stock is subject to
preemptive rights or any other similar rights or liens suffered or permitted by the Company
or any Subsidiary (B) there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to
subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities
or rights convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, any shares, interests or
capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or contracts, commitments, understandings
or arrangements by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound to
issue additional shares, interests or capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
or options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character
whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable
for, any shares, interests or capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
(C) there are no agreements or arrangements under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is obligated to register the sale of any of their securities under the Securities Act (except
pursuant to this Agreement) (D) there are no outstanding securities or instruments
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries which contain any redemption or similar provisions,
and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries (E) there are no securities or instruments containing anti-dilution
or similar provisions that will be triggered by the issuance of the Shares and (G)
neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has entered into any Variable Rate Transaction.

- 12 -

Section
4.11 Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries own or possess adequate rights or licenses to use all material
trademarks, trade names, service marks, service mark registrations, service names, patents, patent rights, copyrights, inventions, licenses,
approvals, governmental authorizations, trade secrets and rights, if any, necessary to conduct their respective businesses as now conducted,
except as has not had and would not be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. The
Company and its Subsidiaries have not received written notice of any infringement by the Company or its Subsidiaries of trademark, trade
name rights, patents, patent rights, copyrights, inventions, licenses, service names, service marks, service mark registrations, or trade
secrets, except as has not had and would not be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.
To the knowledge of the Company, there is no claim, action or proceeding being made or brought against, or to the Companys knowledge,
being threatened against the Company or its Subsidiaries regarding trademark, trade name, patents, patent rights, invention, copyright,
license, service names, service marks, service mark registrations, trade secret or other infringement; and, except as has not had and
would not be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, the Company is not aware of any
facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing.

Section
4.12 Employee Relations. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is involved in any labor dispute nor, to the knowledge
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, has any such dispute threatened.

Section
4.13 Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) have not received written notice alleging any failure to comply
in all material respects with all Environmental Laws (as defined below), (ii) have received all permits, licenses or other approvals
required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses and (iii) have not received written notice
alleging any failure to comply with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval, except, in each of the foregoing
clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), as has not had and would not be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect. The term Environmental Laws means all applicable federal, state and local laws relating to pollution
or protection of human health or the environment (including, without limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface
or subsurface strata), including, without limitation, laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals,
pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the
environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling
of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices
or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder.

- 13 -

Section
4.14 Title. Except as has not had and would not be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse
Effect, the Company (or its Subsidiaries) has indefeasible fee simple or leasehold title to its properties and material assets owned
by it, free and clear of any pledge, lien, security interest, encumbrance, claim or equitable interest other than such as are not material
to the business of the Company. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and its Subsidiaries are held by them
under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions as are not material and do not interfere with the use made and proposed
to be made of such property and buildings by the Company and its Subsidiaries.

Section
4.15 Insurance. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against
such losses and risks and in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses in which
the Company and its Subsidiaries are engaged. The Company has no reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance
coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business
at a cost that would not be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

Section
4.16 Regulatory Permits. Except as has not had and would not be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate,
a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries possess all material certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the
appropriate federal, state or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to own their respective businesses, and neither the Company nor
any such Subsidiary has received any written notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such certificate,
authorization or permits.

Section
4.17 Internal Accounting Controls. The Company maintains a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable
assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and
to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific
authorization and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate
action is taken with respect to any differences, and management is not aware of any material weaknesses that are not disclosed in the
SEC Documents as and when required.

Section
4.18 Absence of Litigation. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board,
government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending against or affecting the Company, the Common Shares or any of the Companys
Subsidiaries, wherein an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding would have or be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

Section
4.19 Subsidiaries. The Company does not presently own or control, directly or indirectly, any interest in any other corporation,
partnership, association or other business entity other than interests owned or controlled with respect to the Subsidiaries listed in
Exhibit 21.1 to the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 13, 2024.

- 14 -

Section
4.20 Tax Status. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries (i) has timely made or filed all foreign, federal and state income and
all other tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has timely paid all taxes and
other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations,
except those being contested in good faith and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all
taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. The Company has not received written
notification of any unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers
of the Company and its Subsidiaries know of no basis for any such claim where the failure to pay would have or would be reasonably expected
to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

Section
4.21 Certain Transactions. Except as not required to be disclosed pursuant to Applicable Laws, none of the officers or directors
of the Company is presently a party to any transaction with the Company (other than for services as employees, officers and directors),
including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real
or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer or director, or to the knowledge of the Company,
any corporation, partnership, trust or other entity in which any officer or director has a substantial interest or is an officer, director,
trustee or partner.

Section
4.22 Rights of First Refusal. The Company is not obligated to offer the Common Shares offered hereunder on a right of first refusal
basis or otherwise to any third parties including, but not limited to, current or former shareholders of the Company, underwriters, brokers,
agents or other third parties.

Section
4.23 Dilution. The Company is aware and acknowledges that issuance of Common Shares hereunder could cause dilution to existing
shareholders and could significantly increase the outstanding number of Common Shares.

Section
4.24 Acknowledgment Regarding Investors Purchase of Shares. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Investor is acting
solely in the capacity of an arms length investor with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereunder.
The Company further acknowledges that the Investor is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar
capacity) with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereunder and any advice given by the Investor or any of its
representatives or agents in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereunder is merely incidental to the Investors
purchase of the Shares hereunder. The Company is aware and acknowledges that it shall not be able to request Advances under this Agreement
if a Registration Statement is not effective or if any issuances of Common Shares pursuant to any Advances would violate any rules of
the Principal Market. The Company acknowledges and agrees that it is capable of evaluating and understanding, and understands and accepts,
the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

- 15 -

Section
4.25 Finders Fees. Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries has incurred any liability for any finders fees,
brokerage commissions or similar payments in connection with the transactions herein contemplated.

Section
4.26 Relationship of the Parties. Neither the Company, nor any of its Subsidiaries, affiliates, nor any person acting on its or
their behalf is a client or customer of the Investor or any of its affiliates and neither the Investor nor any of its affiliates has
provided, or will provide, any services to the Company or any of its affiliates, its subsidiaries, or any person acting on its or their
behalf. The Investors relationship to Company is solely as investor as provided for in the Transaction Documents.

Section
4.27 Operations. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with
Applicable Law and neither the Company nor the Subsidiaries, nor any director, officer, or employee of the Company or any Subsidiary
nor, to the Companys knowledge, any agent, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary has, not
complied with Applicable Law; and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any governmental authority involving the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries with respect to Applicable Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened.

Section
4.28 Forward-Looking Statements. No forward-looking statement (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section
21E of the Exchange Act) contained in the Registration Statement or a Prospectus has been made or reaffirmed without a reasonable basis
or has been disclosed other than in good faith.

Section
4.29 Compliance with Laws. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are in compliance with Applicable Law; the Company has not
received a notice of non-compliance, nor knows of, nor has reasonable grounds to know of, any facts that any director, officer, or employee
of the Company or any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any agent, Affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the
Company or any Subsidiary has, has not complied with Applicable Laws, or could give rise to a notice of non-compliance with Applicable
Laws, and is not aware of any pending change or contemplated change to any applicable law or regulation or governmental position; in
each case that would have or would be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

Section
4.30 Sanctions Matters. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer
or controlled Affiliate of the Company or any director or officer of any Subsidiary, is a Person that is, or is owned or controlled by
a Person that is (i) the subject of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of Treasurys Office of Foreign
Asset Control (OFAC), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majestys Treasury, or
other relevant sanctions authorities, including, without limitation, designation on OFACs Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked
Persons List or OFACs Foreign Sanctions Evaders List or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions),
or (ii) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions that broadly prohibit dealings with
that country or territory (including, without limitation, the Crimea, Zaporizhzhia and Kherson regions of Ukraine, the Donetsk Peoples
Republic and Luhansk Peoples Republic in Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Russia, Sudan and Syria (the Sanctioned Countries)).
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries will, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds from the sale of Advance Shares, or lend,
contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person (a) for the purpose of
funding or facilitating any activities or business of or with any Person or in any country or territory that, at the time of such funding
or facilitation, is the subject of Sanctions or is a Sanctioned Country, or (b) in any other manner that will result in a violation of
Sanctions or Applicable Laws by any Person (including any Person participating in the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, whether
as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise). For the past five years, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has engaged
in, and is now not engaged in, any dealings or transactions with any Person, or in any country or territory, that at the time of the
dealing or transaction is or was the subject of Sanctions or was a Sanctioned Country. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
or controlled Affiliates nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director or officer of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, has
ever had funds blocked by a United States bank or financial institution, temporarily or otherwise, as a result of OFAC concerns.

- 16 -

Section
4.31 Reserved.

Section
4.32 General Solicitation. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has engaged
or will engage in any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D) in connection with the
offer or sale of the Shares hereunder.

Article
V. Indemnification

The
Investor and the Company represent to the other the following with respect to itself:

Section
5.01 Indemnification by the Company. In consideration of the Investors execution and delivery of this Agreement and acquiring
the Shares hereunder, and in addition to all of the Companys other obligations under this Agreement, the Company shall defend,
protect, indemnify and hold harmless the Investor, its investment manager, Yorkville Advisors Global, LP, and their respective Affiliates,
and each of the foregoings respective officers, directors, managers, members, partners, employees and agents (including, without
limitation, those retained in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) and each person who controls any of the
foregoing within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (collectively, the Investor
Indemnitees) from and against any and all actions, causes of action, suits, claims, losses, costs, penalties, fees, liabilities
and damages, and reasonable and documented expenses in connection therewith (irrespective of whether any such Investor Indemnitee is
a party to the action for which indemnification hereunder is sought), and including reasonable and documented attorneys fees and
disbursements (the Indemnified Liabilities), actually incurred by the Investor Indemnitees or any of them as a result
of, or arising out of, or relating to (a) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration
Statement for the registration of the Shares as originally filed or in any amendment thereof, or in any related prospectus, or in any
amendment thereof or supplement thereto, or arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; provided, however, that
the Company will not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of or is based
upon any such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made therein in reliance upon and in conformity
with written information furnished to the Company by or on behalf of the Investor specifically for inclusion therein; (b) any material
misrepresentation or breach of any material representation or material warranty made by the Company in this Agreement or any other certificate,
instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby; or (c) any material breach of any material covenant, material agreement or material
obligation of the Company contained in this Agreement or any other certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby.
To the extent that the foregoing undertaking by the Company may be unenforceable under Applicable Law, the Company shall make the maximum
contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities, which is permissible under Applicable Law.

- 17 -

Section
5.02 Indemnification by the Investor. In consideration of the Companys execution and delivery of this Agreement, and in
addition to all of the Investors other obligations under this Agreement, the Investor shall defend, protect, indemnify and hold
harmless the Company and all of its officers, directors, shareholders, employees and agents (including, without limitation, those retained
in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) and each person who controls the Company within the meaning of Section
15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (collectively, the Company Indemnitees) from and against
any and all Indemnified Liabilities incurred by the Company Indemnitees or any of them as a result of, or arising out of, or relating
to (a) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement for the registration
of the Shares as originally filed or in any amendment thereof, or in any related prospectus, or in any amendment thereof or supplement
thereto, or arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; provided, however, that the Investor will only be liable for
written information relating to the Investor furnished to the Company by or on behalf of the Investor specifically for inclusion in the
documents referred to in the foregoing indemnity, and will not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage
or liability arises out of or is based upon any such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made
therein in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Investor by or on behalf of the Company specifically
for inclusion therein; (b) any misrepresentation or breach of any representation or warranty made by the Investor in this Agreement or
any instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby executed by the Investor; or (c) any breach of any covenant, agreement or obligation
of the Investor contained in this Agreement or any other certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby executed
by the Investor. To the extent that the foregoing undertaking by the Investor may be unenforceable under Applicable Laws, the Investor
shall make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities, which is permissible under
Applicable Laws.

Section
5.03 Notice of Claim. Promptly after receipt by an Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee of notice of the commencement of
any action or proceeding (including any governmental action or proceeding) involving an Indemnified Liability, such Investor Indemnitee
or Company Indemnitee, as applicable, shall, if a claim for an Indemnified Liability in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying
party under this Article V, deliver to the indemnifying party a written notice of the commencement thereof; but the failure to so notify
the indemnifying party will not relieve it of liability under this Article V except to the extent the indemnifying party is prejudiced
by such failure. The indemnifying party shall have the right to participate in, and, to the extent the indemnifying party so desires,
jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly noticed, to assume control of the defense thereof with counsel mutually reasonably
satisfactory to the indemnifying party and the Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee, as the case may be; provided, however, that
an Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee shall have the right to retain its own counsel with the actual and reasonable third party
fees and expenses of not more than one counsel for such Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee to be paid by the indemnifying party,
if, in the reasonable opinion of counsel retained by the indemnifying party, the representation by such counsel of the Investor Indemnitee
or Company Indemnitee and the indemnifying party would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between such Investor
Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee and any other party represented by such counsel in such proceeding. The Investor Indemnitee or Company
Indemnitee shall cooperate fully with the indemnifying party in connection with any negotiation or defense of any such action or claim
by the indemnifying party and shall furnish to the indemnifying party all information reasonably available to the Investor Indemnitee
or Company Indemnitee which relates to such action or claim. The indemnifying party shall keep the Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee
reasonably apprised as to the status of the defense or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto. No indemnifying party shall
be liable for any settlement of any action, claim or proceeding effected without its prior written consent, provided, however, that the
indemnifying party shall not unreasonably withhold, delay or condition its consent. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written
consent of the Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement or other compromise
which does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such Investor Indemnitee or Company
Indemnitee of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation. Following indemnification as provided for hereunder,
the indemnifying party shall be subrogated to all rights of the Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee with respect to all third parties,
firms or corporations relating to the matter for which indemnification has been made. The indemnification required by this Article V
shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received
and payment therefor is due.

Section
5.04 Remedies. The remedies provided for in this Article V are not exclusive and shall not limit any right or remedy which may
be available to any indemnified person at law or equity. The obligations of the parties to indemnify or make contribution under this
Article V shall survive expiration or termination of this Agreement.

Section
5.05 Limitation of liability. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Party shall seek, nor shall any be entitled to recover from the
other Party be liable for, punitive, indirect, incidental, consequential or exemplary damages.

- 18 -

Article
VI.

Covenants

The
Company covenants with the Investor, and the Investor covenants with the Company, as follows, which covenants of one party are for the
benefit of the other party, during the Commitment Period:

Section
6.01 Registration Statement.

(a) Filing
of a Registration Statement. The Company shall prepare and file with the SEC a Registration
Statement, or multiple Registration Statements for the resale by the Investor of the Registrable
Securities. The Company in its sole discretion may choose when to file such Registration
Statements; provided, however, that the Company shall not have the ability to request
any Advances until the effectiveness of a Registration Statement.

(b) Maintaining
a Registration Statement. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain
the effectiveness of any Registration Statement that has been declared effective at all times
during the Commitment Period, provided, however, that if the Company has received notification
pursuant to Section 2.04 that the Investor has completed resales pursuant to the Registration
Statement for the full Commitment Amount, then the Company shall be under no further obligation
to maintain the effectiveness of the Registration Statement. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Company shall ensure that, when filed, each
Registration Statement (including, without limitation, all amendments and supplements thereto)
and the prospectus (including, without limitation, all amendments and supplements thereto)
used in connection with such Registration Statement shall not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary
to make the statements therein (in the case of prospectuses, in the light of the circumstances
in which they were made) not misleading. During the Commitment Period, the Company shall
notify the Investor promptly if (i) the Registration Statement shall cease to be effective
under the Securities Act, (ii) the Common Shares shall cease to be authorized for listing
on the Principal Market, (iii) the Common Shares cease to be registered under Section 12(b)
or Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act or (iv) the Company fails to file in a timely manner
all reports and other documents required of it as a reporting company under the Exchange
Act.

- 19 -

(c) Filing
Procedures. The Company shall (A) permit counsel to the Investor an opportunity to review
and comment upon (i) each Registration Statement at least three (3) Trading Days prior to
its filing with the SEC and (ii) all amendments and supplements to each Registration Statement
(including, without limitation, the Prospectus contained therein) (except for Annual Reports
on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and any similar
or successor reports or Prospectus Supplements the contents of which is limited to that set
forth in such reports) within a reasonable number of days prior to their filing with the
SEC, and (B) shall reasonably consider any comments of the Investor and its counsel on any
such Registration Statement or amendment or supplement thereto or to any Prospectus contained
therein. If the Investor fails to provide comments to the Company within such three (3) Trading
Day period, then the Registration Statement, related amendment or related supplement, as
applicable, shall be deemed accepted by the Investor in the form most recently delivered
by the Company to the Investor. The Company shall promptly furnish to the Investor, without
charge, (i) electronic copies of any correspondence from the SEC or the staff of the SEC
to the Company or its representatives relating to each Registration Statement (which correspondence
shall be redacted to exclude any material, non-public information regarding the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries), (ii) after the same is prepared and filed with the SEC, one (1)
electronic copy of each Registration Statement and any amendment(s) and supplement(s) thereto,
including, without limitation, financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated
therein by reference, if requested by the Investor, and all exhibits and (iii) upon the effectiveness
of each Registration Statement, one (1) electronic copy of the Prospectus included in such
Registration Statement and all amendments and supplements thereto; provided, however, the
Company shall not be required to furnish any document to the extent such document is available
on EDGAR).

(d) Amendments
and Other Filings. The Company shall (i) prepare and file with the SEC such amendments
(including post-effective amendments) and supplements to a Registration Statement and the
related prospectus used in connection with such Registration Statement, which prospectus
is to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the Securities Act, as may be necessary
to keep such Registration Statement effective at all times during the Commitment Period,
and prepare and file with the SEC such additional Registration Statements in order to register
for resale under the Securities Act all of the Registrable Securities; (ii) cause the related
prospectus to be amended or supplemented by any required prospectus supplement (subject to
the terms of this Agreement), and as so supplemented or amended to be filed pursuant to Rule
424 promulgated under the Securities Act; (iii) provide the Investor copies of all correspondence
from and to the SEC relating to a Registration Statement (provided that the Company may excise
any information contained therein which would constitute material non-public information,
and (iv) comply with the provisions of the Securities Act with respect to the Registration
Statement. In the case of amendments and supplements to a Registration Statement which are
required to be filed pursuant to this Agreement (including pursuant to this Section 6.01(d)
by reason of the Companys filing a report on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, or Form 8-K or
any analogous report under the Exchange Act, the Company shall file such report in a prospectus
supplement filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the Securities Act to incorporate
such filing into the Registration Statement, if applicable, or shall file such amendments
or supplements with the SEC either on the day on which the Exchange Act report is filed which
created the requirement for the Company to amend or supplement the Registration Statement,
if feasible, or otherwise promptly thereafter.

- 20 -

(e) Blue-Sky.
The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to, if required by Applicable Laws,
(i) register and qualify the Common Shares covered by a Registration Statement under such
other securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions in the United States
as the Investor reasonably requests, (ii) prepare and file in those jurisdictions, such amendments
(including post-effective amendments) and supplements to such registrations and qualifications
as may be necessary to maintain the effectiveness thereof during the Commitment Period, (iii)
take such other actions as may be necessary to maintain such registrations and qualifications
in effect at all times during the Commitment Period, and (iv) take all other actions reasonably
necessary or advisable to qualify the Common Shares for sale in such jurisdictions; provided,
however, that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition
thereto to (w) make any change to its Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws or any other
organizational documents of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (x) qualify to do business
in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this Section
6.01(e), (y) subject itself to general taxation in any such jurisdiction, or (z) file a general
consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction. The Company shall promptly notify
the Investor of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension
of the registration or qualification of any of the Common Shares for sale under the securities
or blue sky laws of any jurisdiction in the United States or its receipt of
actual notice of the initiation or threat of any proceeding for such purpose.

Section
6.02 Suspension of Registration Statement.

(a) Establishment
of a Black Out Period. During the Commitment Period, the Company from time to time may
suspend the use of the Registration Statement by written notice to the Investor in the event
that the Company determines in good faith that such suspension is necessary (A) to delay
the disclosure of material nonpublic information concerning the Company, the disclosure of
which at the time is not, in the good faith opinion of the Company, in the best interests
of the Company or (B) to amend or supplement the Registration Statement or Prospectus so
that such Registration Statement or Prospectus shall not include an untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading (a Black Out Period).

(b) No
Sales by Investor During the Black Out Period. During such Black Out Period, the Investor
agrees not to sell any Common Shares of the Company pursuant to such Registration Statement,
but may sell shares pursuant to an exemption from registration, if available, subject to
the Investors compliance with Applicable Laws.

(c) Limitations
on the Black Out Period. The Company shall not impose any Black Out Period that is longer
than twenty (20) calendar days or in a manner that is more restrictive (including, without
limitation, as to duration) than the comparable restrictions that the Company may impose
on transfers of the Companys equity securities by its directors and senior executive
officers. In addition, the Company shall not deliver any Advance Notice during any Black
Out Period. If the public announcement of such material, nonpublic information is made during
a Black Out Period, the Black Out Period shall terminate immediately after such announcement,
and the Company shall immediately notify the Investor of the termination of the Black Out
Period.

- 21 -

Section
6.03 Listing of Common Shares. As of each Advance Notice Date and the relevant Advance Date, the Shares to be sold by the Company
from time to time hereunder will have been registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and approved for listing on the Principal
Market, subject to official notice of issuance.

Section
6.04 Opinion of Counsel. Prior to the date of the delivery by the Company of the first Advance Notice, the Investor shall have
received an opinion letter from counsel to the Company in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Investor.

Section
6.05 Exchange Act Registration. During the Commitment Period, the Company will file in a timely manner all reports and other documents
required of it as a reporting company under the Exchange Act and will not take any action or file any document (whether or not permitted
by Exchange Act or the rules thereunder) to terminate or suspend its reporting and filing obligations under the Exchange Act.

Section
6.06 Transfer Agent Instructions. During the Commitment Period (or such shorter time as permitted by Section 2.04 of this Agreement)
and subject to Applicable Laws, the Company shall cause (including, if necessary, by causing legal counsel for the Company to deliver
an opinion) the transfer agent for the Common Shares to remove restrictive legends from Common Shares purchased by the Investor pursuant
to this Agreement, provided that counsel for the Company shall have been furnished with such documents as they may require for the purpose
of enabling them to render the opinions or make the statements requested by the transfer agent, or in order to evidence the accuracy
of any of the representations or warranties, or the fulfillment of any of the covenants, obligations or conditions, contained herein.

Section
6.07 Corporate Existence. The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to preserve and continue the corporate existence
of the Company during the Commitment Period.

Section
6.08 Notice of Certain Events Affecting Registration; Suspension of Right to Make an Advance. The Company will promptly notify
the Investor, and confirm in writing, upon its becoming aware of the occurrence of any of the following events in respect of a Registration
Statement or related Prospectus (in each of which cases the information provided to Investor will be kept strictly confidential until
such information is disclosed by the Company): (i) except for requests made in connection with SEC investigations disclosed in the SEC
Documents, receipt of any request for additional information by the SEC or any other Federal or state governmental authority during the
period of effectiveness of the Registration Statement the response to which would require any post-effective amendments or supplements
to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus; (ii) the issuance by the SEC or any other Federal governmental authority of any stop
order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose; (iii) receipt
of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption from qualification of any of the Common Shares for
sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or written threat of any proceeding for such purpose; (iv) the happening of any event that
makes any statement made in the Registration Statement or related Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated
therein by reference untrue in any material respect or that requires the making of any changes in the Registration Statement, related
Prospectus or documents so that, in the case of the Registration Statement, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, and that
in the case of the related Prospectus, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading, or of the necessity to amend the Registration Statement or supplement a related Prospectus to comply with the Securities
Act or any other law (and the Company will promptly make available to the Investor any such supplement or amendment to the related Prospectus);
(v) the Companys reasonable determination that a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement would be required under
Applicable Law; (vi) the Common Shares shall cease to be authorized for listing on the Principal Market; or (vii) the Company fails to
file in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of it as a reporting company under the Exchange Act. The Company shall
not deliver to the Investor any Advance Notice, and the Company shall not sell any Advance Shares pursuant to any pending Advance Notice
(other than as required pursuant to Section 2.02(d)), during the continuation of any of the foregoing events (each of the events described
in the immediately preceding clauses (i) through (vii), inclusive, a Material Outside Event).

- 22 -

Section
6.09 Consolidation. If an Advance Notice has been delivered to the Investor, then the Company shall not effect any consolidation
of the Company with or into, or a transfer of all or substantially all the assets of the Company to another entity before the transaction
contemplated in such Advance Notice has been closed in accordance with Section 2.02 hereof, and all Shares in connection with such Advance
have been received by the Investor.

Section
6.10 Issuance of the Companys Common Shares. The issuance and sale of the Common Shares hereunder shall be made in accordance
with the provisions and requirements of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and any applicable state securities law.

Section
6.11 Expenses. The Company, whether or not the transactions contemplated hereunder are consummated or this Agreement is terminated,
will pay all expenses incident to the performance of its obligations hereunder, including but not limited to (i) the preparation, printing
and filing of the Registration Statement and each amendment and supplement thereto, of each Prospectus and of each amendment and supplement
thereto; (ii) the preparation, issuance and delivery of any Shares issued pursuant to this Agreement, (iii) all fees and disbursements
of the Companys counsel, accountants and other advisors (but not, for the avoidance doubt, the fees and disbursements of Investors
counsel, accountants and other advisors), (iv) the qualification of the Shares under securities laws in accordance with the provisions
of this Agreement, including filing fees in connection therewith, (v) the printing and delivery of copies of any Prospectus and any amendments
or supplements thereto reasonably requested by the Investor, (vi) the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing or qualification
of the Shares for trading on the Principal Market, and (vii) filing fees of the SEC and the Principal Market.

Section
6.12 Current Report. The Company shall, not later than 5:30 p.m., New York City time, on the fourth Business Day after the date
of this Agreement, file with the SEC a current report on Form 8-K describing all the material terms of the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents in the form required by the Exchange Act and attaching all the material Transaction Documents (including
any exhibits thereto, the Current Report). The Company shall provide the Investor and its legal counsel a reasonable
opportunity to comment on a draft of the Current Report including any exhibits to be filed related thereto, as applicable, prior to filing
the Current Report with the SEC and shall reasonably consider all such comments. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement
to the contrary, the Company expressly agrees that from and after the filing of the Current Report with the SEC, the Company shall have
publicly disclosed all material, non-public information provided to the Investor (or the Investors representatives or agents)
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents or representatives (if any)
in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each
of its Subsidiaries and each of its and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents not to, provide the Investor with
any material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries without the express prior written consent of the
Investor (which may be granted or withheld in the Investors sole discretion); it being understood that the mere notification of
Investor required pursuant to clause (iv) of Section 6.08 shall not in and of itself be deemed to be material, non-public information.
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly agrees that it shall publicly disclose in
the Current Report or otherwise make publicly available any information communicated to the Investor by or, to the knowledge of the Company,
on behalf of the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, which, following the Effective
Date would, if not so disclosed, constitute material, non-public information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries. The Company understands
and confirms that the Investor will rely on the foregoing representations in effecting resales of Shares under the Registration Statement.
In addition, effective upon the filing of the Current Report, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or
similar obligations with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents under any agreement, whether written or
oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, Affiliates, employees or agents, on
the one hand, and Investor or any of its respective officers, directors, Affiliates, employees or agents, on the other hand, shall terminate.

- 23 -

Section
6.13 Advance Notice Limitation. The Company shall not deliver an Advance Notice if a shareholder meeting or corporate action,
or the record date for any shareholder meeting or any corporate action, would fall during the period beginning two Trading Days prior
to the date of delivery of such Advance Notice and ending two Trading Days following the Closing of such Advance.

Section
6.14 Use of Proceeds. The proceeds from the sale of the Shares by the Company to Investor shall be used by the Company in the
manner as will be set forth in the Prospectus included in any Registration Statement (and any post-effective amendment thereto) and any
Prospectus Supplement thereto filed pursuant to this Agreement. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary will, directly or indirectly,
use the proceeds of the transactions contemplated herein, or lend, contribute, facilitate or otherwise make available such proceeds to
any Person (i) to fund, either directly or indirectly, any activities or business of or with any Person that is identified on the list
of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocker Persons maintained by OFAC, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding,
is, or whose government is, the subject of Sanctions or Sanctions Programs, or (ii) in any other manner that will result in a violation
of Sanctions or Applicable Laws.

Section
6.15 Compliance with Laws. The Company shall comply in all material respects with all Applicable Laws.

Section
6.16 Market Activities. Neither the Company, nor any Subsidiary, nor any of their respective officers, directors or controlling
persons will, directly or indirectly, (i) take any action designed to cause or result in, or that constitutes or might reasonably be
expected to constitute or result, in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the
sale or resale of Common Shares or (ii) sell, bid for, or purchase Common Shares in violation of Regulation M, or pay anyone any compensation
for soliciting purchases of the Shares.

Section
6.17 Trading Information. On the first Trading Day of each week (provided that the Investor sold any shares during the prior week)
and otherwise upon the Companys request, the Investor agrees to provide the Company with trading reports setting forth the number
and average sales prices of Common Shares sold by the Investor during the prior trading week.

Section
6.18 Selling Restrictions. Except as expressly set forth below, the Investor covenants that from and after the date hereof through
and including the Trading Day next following the expiration or termination of this Agreement as provided in Section 9.01 (the Restricted
Period), none of the Investor, any of its officers, or any entity managed or controlled by the Investor (collectively, the
Restricted Persons and each of the foregoing is referred to herein as a Restricted Person)
shall, directly or indirectly, engage in any (i) short sale (as such term is defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO of the
Exchange Act) of the Common Shares, either for its own principal account or for the principal account of any other Restricted Person
or (ii) hedging transaction, which establishes a net short position with respect to the Common Shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
it is expressly understood and agreed that nothing contained herein shall (without implication that the contrary would otherwise be true)
prohibit any Restricted Person during the Restricted Period from: (1) selling long (as defined under Rule 200 promulgated
under Regulation SHO) any Common Shares; or (2) selling a number of Common Shares equal to the number of Advance Shares that such Restricted
Person is unconditionally obligated to purchase under a pending Advance Notice but has not yet received from the Company or the transfer
agent pursuant to this Agreement.

Section
6.19 Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors
and permitted assigns. No Party shall have any power or any right to assign or transfer, in whole or in part, this Agreement, or any
of its rights or any of its obligations hereunder, including, without limitation, any right to pursue any claim for damages pursuant
to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated herein, or to pursue any claim for any breach or default of this Agreement, or any
right arising from the purported assignors due performance of its obligations hereunder, without the prior written consent of
the other Party and any such purported assignment in contravention of the provisions herein shall be null and void and of no force or
effect. Without the consent of the Investor, the Company shall not have the right to assign or transfer any of its rights or provide
any third party the right to bind or obligate the Company, to deliver Advance Notices or effect Advances hereunder.

- 24 -

Section
6.20 Non-Public Information. The Company covenants and agrees that, other than as expressly required by Section 6.08 hereof, it
shall refrain from disclosing, and shall cause its officers, directors, employees and agents to refrain from disclosing, any material
non-public information (as determined under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or the rules and regulations of the SEC) to the Investor
without also disseminating such information to the public, unless prior to disclosure of such information the Company identifies such
information as being material non-public information and the Investor agrees in writing to accept such material non-public information
for review. Unless specifically agreed to in writing, in no event shall the Investor have a duty of confidentiality or be deemed to have
agreed to maintain information in confidence, with respect to the delivery of any Advance Notices.

Section
6.21 No Frustration. The Company shall not enter into, announce or recommend to its stockholders any agreement, plan, arrangement
or transaction in or of which the terms thereof would restrict, materially delay, conflict with or impair the ability or right of the
Company to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, including, without limitation, the obligation
of the Company to deliver the Shares to the Investor in respect of an Advance Notice.

Article
VII.

Non
Exclusive Agreement

Notwithstanding
anything contained herein, this Agreement and the rights awarded to the Investor hereunder are non-exclusive, and the Company may, at
any time throughout the term of this Agreement and thereafter, issue and allot, or undertake to issue and allot, any shares and/or securities
and/or convertible notes, bonds, debentures, options to acquire shares or other securities and/or other facilities which may be converted
into or replaced by Common Shares or other securities of the Company, and to extend, renew and/or recycle any bonds and/or debentures,
and/or grant any rights with respect to its existing and/or future share capital.

Article
VIII.

Choice
of Law/Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial

Section
8.01 This Agreement, and any and all claims, proceedings or causes of action relating to this Agreement or arising from this Agreement
or the transactions contemplated herein, including, without limitation, tort claims, statutory claims and contract claims, shall be interpreted,
construed, governed and enforced under and solely in accordance with the substantive and procedural laws of the State of New York, in
each case as in effect from time to time and as the same may be amended from time to time, and as applied to agreements performed wholly
within the State of New York. The Parties further agree that any action between them shall be heard in New York County, New York, and
expressly consent to the jurisdiction and venue of the Supreme Court of New York, sitting in New York County, New York and the United
States District Court of the Southern District of New York, sitting in New York, New York, for the adjudication of any civil action asserted
pursuant to this Agreement.

Section
8.02 EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN
ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREIN, THE
PERFORMANCE THEREOF OR THE FINANCINGS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A)
CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY
WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTY HERETO HAVE
BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS PARAGRAPH.

- 25 -

Article
IX. Termination

Section
9.01 Termination.

(a) Unless
earlier terminated as provided hereunder, this Agreement shall terminate automatically on
the earliest of (i) the 36-month anniversary of the Effective Date or (ii) the date on which
the Investor shall have made payment of Advances pursuant to this Agreement for Common Shares
equal to the Commitment Amount.

(b) The
Company may terminate this Agreement effective upon five Trading Days prior written
notice to the Investor; provided that (i) there are no outstanding Advance Notices, the Common
Shares under which have yet to be issued, and (ii) the Company has paid all amounts owed
to the Investor pursuant to this Agreement. This Agreement may be terminated at any time
by the mutual written consent of the parties, effective as of the date of such mutual written
consent unless otherwise provided in such written consent.

(c) Nothing
in this Section 9.01 shall be deemed to release the Company or the Investor from any liability
for any breach under this Agreement prior to the valid termination hereof, or to impair the
rights of the Company and the Investor to compel specific performance by the other party
of its obligations under this Agreement prior to the valid termination hereof. The indemnification
provisions contained in Article V shall survive termination hereunder.

Article
X. Notices

Other
than with respect to Advance Notices, which must be in writing delivered in accordance with Section 2.01(b) and will be deemed delivered
on the day set forth in Section 2.01(b), any notices, consents, waivers, or other communications required or permitted to be given under
the terms of this Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed to have been delivered (i) upon receipt, when delivered personally,
(ii) upon receipt, when sent by e-mail if sent on a Trading Day, or, if not sent on a Trading Day, on the immediately following Trading
Day, (iii) 5 days after being sent by U.S. certified mail, return receipt requested, or (iv) 1 day after deposit with a nationally recognized
overnight delivery service, in each case properly addressed to the party to receive the same. The addresses for such communications (except
for Advance Notices which shall be delivered in accordance with Exhibit A hereof) shall be:

If
to the Company, to: 

Indaptus
Therapeutics, Inc.

3
Columbus Circle

15th
Floor

New
York, New York 10019

Attn:
Nir Sassi, Chief Financial Officer

E-mail:
nir@indaptusrx.com

With
copies (which shall not

constitute
notice or delivery of process) to: 

Greenberg
Traurig, P.A.

One
Azrieli Center

Round
Tower, 30th Floor

132
Menachem Begin Rd

Tel
Aviv 6701 101Attn: Gary Emmanuel

E-mail:
Gary.Emmanuel@gtlaw.com

If
to the Investor: 

YA
II PN, Ltd.

1012
Springfield Avenue

Mountainside,
NJ 07092

Attn: Mark Angelo

E-mail:mangelo@yorkvilleadvisors.com

With
a copy (which shall not

constitute
notice or delivery of process) to: 

Robert
Harrison, Esq.

1012
Springfield Avenue

Mountainside,
NJ 07092

E-mail: legal@yorkvilleadvisors.com

or
at such other address and/or e-mail and/or to the attention of such other person as the recipient party has specified by written notice
given to each other party three Business Days prior to the effectiveness of such change. Written confirmation of receipt (i) given by
the recipient of such notice, consent, waiver or other communication, (ii) electronically generated by the senders email service
provider containing the time, date, recipient email address or (iii) provided by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service shall
be rebuttable evidence of personal service in accordance with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, respectively.

- 26 -

Article
XI. Miscellaneous

Section
11.01 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in identical counterparts, both which shall be considered one and the same
agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party. Facsimile or
other electronically scanned and delivered signatures (including any electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000,
Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com),
including by e-mail attachment, shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes of
this Agreement.

Section
11.02 Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement supersedes all other prior oral or written agreements between the Investor,
the Company, their respective Affiliates and persons acting on their behalf with respect to the matters discussed herein, and this Agreement
contains the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the matters covered herein and, except as specifically set forth herein,
neither the Company nor the Investor makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. No provision
of this Agreement may be waived or amended other than by agreement of the parties to this Agreement.

Section
11.03 Reporting Entity for the Common Shares. The reporting entity relied upon for the determination of the trading price or trading
volume of the Common Shares on any given Trading Day for the purposes of this Agreement shall be Bloomberg, L.P. or any successor thereto.
The written mutual consent of the Investor and the Company shall be required to employ any other reporting entity.

Section
11.04 Commitment and Structuring Fee. Each of the parties shall pay its own fees and expenses (including the fees of any attorneys,
accountants, appraisers or others engaged by such party) in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby,
except that the Company has paid the Investor or its designee a structuring fee in the amount of $25,000, and the Company shall pay a
commitment fee in an amount equal to 1.25% of the Commitment Amount (the Commitment Fee) by the issuance to the
Investor on the Effective Date of such number of Common Shares that is equal to the Commitment Fee divided by the average of the daily
VWAPs of the Common Shares during the 3 Trading Days immediately prior to the Effective Date (collectively, the Commitment
Shares). The Commitment Shares issued hereunder shall be included on the initial Registration Statement.

Section
11.05 Brokerage. Each of the parties hereto represents that it has had no dealings in connection with this transaction with any
finder or broker who will demand payment of any fee or commission from the other party. The Company on the one hand, and the Investor,
on the other hand, agree to indemnify the other against and hold the other harmless from any and all liabilities to any person claiming
brokerage commissions or finders fees on account of services purported to have been rendered on behalf of the indemnifying party
in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

[REMAINDER
OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

- 27 -

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Standby Equity Purchase Agreement to be executed by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized, as of the date first set forth above.

COMPANY:

INDAPTUS
THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

By: 

Name:
Nir
Sassi

Title:
Chief
Financial Officer

INVESTOR:

YA
II PN, Ltd.

By: Yorkville
Advisors Global, LP

Its: Investment
Manager

By:
Yorkville
Advisors Global II, LLC

Its: General
Partner

By: 

Name: Matthew
Beckman

Title: Manager

- 28 -

ANNEX
I TO THE 

STANDBY
EQUITY PURCHASE AGREEMENT

DEFINITIONS

Additional
Shares shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(d)(ii).

Adjusted
Advance Amount shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(d)(i).

Advance
shall mean any issuance and sale of Advance Shares by the Company to the Investor pursuant to this Agreement.

Advance
Date shall mean the first Trading Day after expiration of the applicable Pricing Period for each Advance.

Advance
Notice shall mean a written notice in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto to the Investor executed by an officer of the
Company and setting forth the number of Advance Shares that the Company desires to issue and sell to the Investor.

Advance
Notice Date shall mean each date the Company is deemed to have delivered (in accordance with Section 2.01(b) of this Agreement)
an Advance Notice to the Investor, subject to the terms of this Agreement.

Advance
Shares shall mean the Common Shares that the Company shall issue and sell to the Investor pursuant to an Advance Notice delivered
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

Affiliate
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.07.

Agreement
shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Applicable
Laws shall mean all applicable laws, statutes, rules, regulations, orders, decrees, rulings, injunctions, executive orders,
directives, policies, guidelines and codes having the force of law, whether local, national, or international, as amended from time to
time, including without limitation (i) all applicable laws that relate to money laundering, terrorist financing, financial record keeping
and reporting, (ii) all applicable laws that relate to anti-bribery, anti-corruption, books and records and internal controls, including
the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, and (iii) any Sanctions laws.

Average
Price shall mean a price per Share equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the aggregate gross purchase price paid
by the Investor for all Shares purchased pursuant to this Agreement, by (ii) the aggregate number of Shares issued pursuant to this Agreement.

Black
Out Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.02(a).

Business
Day shall mean any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any
day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by Applicable Law to close.

Closing
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.02.

Commitment
Amount shall mean $20,000,000 of Common Shares.

Commitment
Fee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11.04.

Commitment
Period shall mean the period commencing on the Effective Date and expiring upon the date of termination of this Agreement
in accordance with Section 9.01.

Commitment
Shares shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11.04.

Common
Share Equivalents shall mean any securities of the Company or its Subsidiaries which entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Shares, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that
is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Shares.

Common
Shares shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals of this Agreement.

Company
shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Company
Indemnitees shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.02.

Condition
Satisfaction Date shall have the meaning set forth in Annex II.

Current
Report shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.12.

Daily
Traded Amount shall mean the daily trading volume of the Common Shares on the Principal Market during regular trading hours
as reported by Bloomberg L.P..

Effective
Date shall mean the date hereof.

Environmental
Laws shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.13.

Exchange
Act shall mean the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exchange
Cap shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(c)(iii).

Excluded
Day shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(d)(i).

GAAP
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.06.

Hazardous
Materials shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.13.

Indemnified
Liabilities shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.01.

Investor
shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Investor
Indemnitees shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.01.

Market
Price shall mean the lowest of the daily VWAPs of the Common Shares during the relevant Pricing Period, other than the daily
VWAP on any Excluded Days.

Material
Adverse Effect shall mean any event, occurrence or condition that has had or would reasonably be expected to have (i) a material
adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated herein, (ii) a material
adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and its Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis
its obligations under this Agreement.

Material
Outside Event shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.08.

Maximum
Advance Amount in respect of each Advance Notice means the greater of: (i) an amount equal to the average of the Daily Traded
Amount during the five consecutive Trading Day immediately preceding an Advance Notice and (ii) such number of Common Shares equal to
$1,000,000 as of the date of each Advance Notice (determined based on the last closing price of the Ordinary Shares on the Principal
Market prior to delivery of such Advance Notice).

Minimum
Acceptable Price or MAP shall mean the minimum price notified by the Company to the Investor in each
Advance Notice, if applicable.

Nasdaq
shall mean The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC.

OFAC
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.30.

Ownership
Limitation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(c)(i).

Person
shall mean an individual, a corporation, a partnership, a limited liability company, a trust or other entity or organization, including
a government or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof.

Plan
of Distribution shall mean the section of a Registration Statement disclosing the plan of distribution of the Shares.

Pricing
Period shall mean the three (3) consecutive Trading Days commencing on the Advance Notice Date, unless otherwise agreed between
the Parties.

Principal
Market shall mean the Nasdaq Capital Market; provided however, that in the event the Common Shares are ever listed or traded
on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the New York Stock Exchange, or the NYSE American, then the Principal
Market shall mean such other market or exchange on which the Common Shares are then listed or traded to the extent such other
market or exchange is the principal trading market or exchange for the Common Shares.

Prospectus
shall mean any prospectus (including, without limitation, all amendments and supplements thereto) used by the Company in connection with
a Registration Statement.

Prospectus
Supplement shall mean any prospectus supplement to a Prospectus filed with the SEC from time to time pursuant to Rule 424(b)
under the Securities Act, including the documents incorporated by reference therein, including, without limitation, any prospectus supplement
to be filed in accordance with Section 6.01 hereof.

Purchase
Price shall mean the price per Advance Share obtained by multiplying the Market Price by 97%.

Registrable
Securities shall mean (i) the Shares, and (ii) any securities issued or issuable with respect to the Shares by way of exchange,
stock dividend or stock split or in connection with a combination of shares, recapitalization, merger, consolidation or other reorganization
or otherwise.

Registration
Limitation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(c)(ii).

Registration
Statement shall mean a registration statement on Form S-1 or Form S-3 or on such other form promulgated by the SEC for which
the Company then qualifies and which counsel for the Company shall deem appropriate, and which form shall be available for the registration
of the resale by the Investor of the Registrable Securities under the Securities Act, which registration statement provides for the resale
from time to time of the Shares as provided herein.

Regulation
D shall mean the provisions of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.

Sanctions
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.30.

Sanctioned
Countries shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.30.

SEC
shall mean the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

SEC
Documents shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.05.

Securities
Act shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals of this Agreement.

Settlement
Document shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.02(a).

Shares
shall mean the Commitment Shares and the Common Shares to be issued from time to time hereunder pursuant to an Advance.

Subsidiaries
shall mean any Person in which the Company, directly or indirectly, (x) owns a majority of the outstanding capital stock or holds a majority
of the equity or similar interest of such Person or (y) controls or operates all or substantially all of the business, operations or
administration of such Person, and the foregoing are collectively referred to herein as Subsidiaries.

Trading
Day shall mean any day during which the Principal Market shall be open for business.

Transaction
Documents means, collectively, this Agreement and each of the other agreements and instruments entered into or delivered by
any of the parties hereto in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, as may be amended from time to time.

Variable
Rate Transaction shall mean a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any Common Shares or Common Share Equivalents
that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive additional Common Shares either (A) at a
conversion price, exercise price, exchange rate or other price that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations
for the Common Shares at any time after the initial issuance of Common Shares or Common Share Equivalents, or (B) with a conversion,
exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such equity or debt security
or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market
for the Common Shares (including, without limitation, any full ratchet, share ratchet, price ratchet,
or weighted average anti-dilution provisions, but not including any standard anti-dilution protection for any reorganization,
recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split or other similar transaction), (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction under, any
agreement, including but not limited to an equity line of credit or other continuous offering or similar offering of Common
Shares or Common Share Equivalents, or (iii) any forward purchase agreement, equity pre-paid forward transaction or other similar offering
of securities where the purchaser of securities of the Company receives an upfront or periodic payment of all, or a portion of, the value
of the securities so purchased, and the Company receives proceeds from such purchaser based on a price or value that varies with the
trading prices of the Common Shares.

VWAP
shall mean for any Trading Day or specified period, the volume weighted average price of the Common Shares on the Principal Market, for
such period as reported by Bloomberg L.P. through its AQR function.

ANNEX
II

TO
THE STANDBY EQUITY PURCHASE AGREEMENT

CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT TO THE RIGTH OF THE COMPANY

TO
DELIVERY AN ADVANCE NOTICE

The
right of the Company to deliver an Advance Notice and the obligations of the Investor hereunder with respect to an Advance are subject
to the satisfaction or waiver, on each Advance Notice Date (a Condition Satisfaction Date), of each of the following
conditions:

(a) Accuracy
of the Companys Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties
of the Company in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects as of
the Advance Notice Date (except to the extent such representations and warranties are as
of another date, such representations and warranties shall be true and correct as of such
other date).

(b) Issuance
of Commitment Shares. The Company shall have issued the Commitment Shares to an
account designated by the Investor, in accordance with Section 11.04, all of which Commitment
Shares shall be fully earned and non-refundable, regardless of whether any Advance Notices
are made or settled hereunder or any subsequent termination of this Agreement.

(c) Registration
of the Common Shares with the SEC. There is an effective Registration Statement pursuant
to which the Investor is permitted to utilize the prospectus thereunder to resell all of
the Common Shares issuable pursuant to such Advance Notice. The Current Report shall have
been filed with the SEC, and the Company shall have filed with the SEC in a timely manner
all reports, notices and other documents required under the Exchange Act and applicable SEC
regulations during the twelve-month period immediately preceding the applicable Condition
Satisfaction Date.

(d) Authority.
The Company shall have obtained all permits and qualifications required by any applicable
state for the offer and sale of all the Common Shares issuable pursuant to such Advance Notice
or shall have the availability of exemptions therefrom. The sale and issuance of such Common
Shares shall be legally permitted by all laws and regulations to which the Company is subject.

(e) No
Material Outside Event. No Material Outside Event shall have occurred and be continuing.

(f) Board.
(I) The board of directors of the Company has approved the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Documents, (II) said approval has not been amended, rescinded or modified and
remains in full force and effect as of the date hereof, and (III) a true, correct and complete
copy of such resolutions duly adopted by the board of directors of the Company shall have
been provided to the Investor.

(g) Performance
by the Company. The Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all respects
with all covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed,
satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior the applicable Condition Satisfaction
Date.

(h) No
Injunction. No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction
shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by any court or governmental authority
of competent jurisdiction that prohibits or materially and adversely affects any of the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(i) No
Suspension of Trading in or Delisting of Common Shares. (I) Trading in the Common Shares
shall not have been suspended by the SEC, the Principal Market or FINRA, (II) the Company
shall not have received any notice that the listing or quotation of the Common Shares on
the Principal Market shall be terminated, nor shall there have been imposed any suspension
of, or restriction on, accepting additional deposits of the Common Shares, electronic trading
or book-entry services by DTC with respect to the Common Shares that is continuing, (III)
the Company shall not have received any notice from DTC to the effect that a suspension of,
or restriction on, accepting additional deposits of the Common Shares, electronic trading
or book-entry services by DTC with respect to the Common Shares is being imposed or is contemplated,
and (IV) all of the Common Shares issuable pursuant to the applicable Advance Notice shall
be eligible for deposit at the brokerage account provided by the Investor for the delivery
of such Common Shares.

(j) Authorized.
All of the Common Shares issuable pursuant to the applicable Advance Notice shall have been
duly authorized by all necessary corporate action of the Company. All Common Shares relating
to all prior Advance Notices required to have been received by the Investor under this Agreement
shall have been delivered to the Investor in accordance with this Agreement.

(k) Executed
Advance Notice. The representations contained in the applicable Advance Notice shall
be true and correct in all material respects as of the applicable Condition Satisfaction
Date.

(l) Consecutive
Advance Notices. Except with respect to the first Advance Notice, the Company shall have
delivered all Shares relating to all prior Advances.

EXHIBIT
A

ADVANCE
NOTICE

INDAPTUS
THERAPEUTICS, INC.

Dated: ______________ Advance Notice Number: ____

The
undersigned, _______________________, hereby certifies, with respect to the sale of Common Shares of INDAPTUS THERAPEUTICS, INC. (the
Company) issuable in connection with this Advance Notice, delivered pursuant to that certain Standby Equity Purchase
Agreement, dated as of February 12, 2025 (the Agreement), as follows (with capitalized terms used herein without
definition having the same meanings as given to them in the Agreement):

1.
The undersigned is the duly elected ______________ of the Company.

2.
There are no fundamental changes to the information set forth in the Registration Statement which would require the Company to file a
post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement.

3.
The Company has performed in all material respects all covenants and agreements to be performed by the Company contained in the Agreement
on or prior to the Advance Notice Date. All conditions to the delivery of this Advance Notice are satisfied as of the date hereof.

4.
The number of Advance Shares the Company is requesting is _____________________.

6.
The Minimum Acceptable Price with respect to this Advance Notice is ___________ (if left blank then no Minimum Acceptable Price will
be applicable to this Advance).

7.
The number of Common Shares of the Company outstanding as of the date hereof is ___________.

The
undersigned has executed this Advance Notice as of the date first set forth above.

INDAPTUS
THERAPEUTICS, INC.

By: 

Name: Nir
Sassi

Title: Chief
Financial Officer

EXHIBIT
B

FORM
OF SETTLEMENT DOCUMENT

VIA
EMAIL

INDAPTUS
THERAPEUTICS, INC.

Attn:

Email:

Below
please find the settlement information with respect to the Advance Notice Date of: 

1.a. Number
of Common Shares requested in the Advance Notice 

1.b. Number
of Common Shares traded during Pricing Period 

2. Minimum
Acceptable Price for this Advance (if any) 

3. Number
of Excluded Days (if any) 

4. Adjusted
Advance Amount (if applicable) 

5. Market
Price 

6. Purchase
Price (Market Price x 97%) per share 

7. Number
of Advance Shares due to the Investor 

8. Total
Purchase Price due to Company (row 6 x row 7) 

If
there were any Excluded Days then add the following

9. Number
of Additional Shares to be issued to the Investor 

10. Additional
amount to be paid to the Company by the Investor (Additional Shares in row 9 x Minimum Acceptable Price x 97%) 

11. Total
Amount to be paid to the Company (Purchase Price in row 8 + additional amount in row 10) 

12. Total
Advance Shares to be issued to the Investor (Advance Shares due to the Investor in row 7 + Additional Shares in row 9) 

Please
issue the number of Advance Shares due to the Investor to the account of the Investor as follows:

Investors
DTC participant #:

ACCOUNT
NAME:

ACCOUNT
NUMBER:

ADDRESS:

CITY:

COUNTRY:

Contact
person:

Number
and/or email: 

Sincerely,

YA
II PN, LTD.

Agreed and approved by 

INDAPTUS
THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

Name: Nir
Sassi 

Title: Chief
Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>indp-20250212.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>indp-20250212_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>indp-20250212_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-006052-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001857044 

2025-02-12 
2025-02-12 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001857044 
8-K 
2025-02-12 
INDAPTUS THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
DE 
001-40652 
86-3158720 
3 Columbus Circle 15th Floor 
NY 
10019 
(646) 
427-2727 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.01 par value 
INDP 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 12, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 12, 2025

Entity File Number 001-40652

Entity Registrant Name INDAPTUS
THERAPEUTICS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001857044

Entity Tax Identification Number 86-3158720

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 3
Columbus Circle 15th Floor

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10019

City Area Code (646)

Local Phone Number 427-2727

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, $0.01 par value

Trading Symbol INDP

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
21 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://indaptusrx.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
indp-20250212.xsd 
indp-20250212_lab.xml 
indp-20250212_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>