<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-050940.txt : 20250310
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-050940.hdr.sgml : 20250310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250310163535
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-050940
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250310
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Six Flags Entertainment Corporation/NEW
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001999001
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-AMUSEMENT & RECREATION SERVICES [7900]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42157
		FILM NUMBER:		25724289

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8701 RED OAK BLVD.
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28217
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(419) 626-0830

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8701 RED OAK BLVD.
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28217

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CopperSteel HoldCo, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20231027
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d938359d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

Six Flags Entertainment Corporation/NEWfalse000199900100019990012025-03-102025-03-10

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 10, 2025

SIX FLAGS ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-42157 93-4097909

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File No.) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

8701 Red Oak Blvd.,

Charlotte, North Carolina28217

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(704)414-4700

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share FUN New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On March 10, 2025, Six Flags Entertainment Corporation (the Company) entered into a cooperation agreement (the Cooperation Agreement) with Dendur Capital LP and certain of its affiliates (together, Dendur). The following is a summary of the material terms of the Cooperation Agreement. The summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Cooperation Agreement, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement, the Company has agreed to nominate Felipe Dutra and Steven Hoffman (each a New Director and, together, the New Directors) as Class I directors for election to the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) at the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders of the Company (the 2025 Annual Meeting) and will nominate, recommend, support and solicit proxies for the election of each of the New Directors at the 2025 Annual Meeting in the same manner as for the Companys other nominees at the 2025 Annual Meeting. In the event that any New Director is unable to or refuses to serve on the Board for any reason, Dendur has the right to propose a candidate for replacement of such New Director that is reasonably acceptable to the Board. 

Subject to certain exceptions, Dendur also agreed in the Cooperation Agreement to certain voting commitments and standstill obligations, effective as of the date of the Cooperation Agreement until the earlier of (i) the date that is thirty (30) days prior to the deadline for the submission of stockholder nominations for the 2027 annual meeting of stockholders pursuant to the Companys bylaws or (ii) the date that is 120 days prior to the first anniversary of the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders (the Standstill Period). 

The Cooperation Agreement also includes, among other provisions, procedures for determining any replacements for the New Directors, mutual non-disparagement covenants, expense reimbursement and other items that are more fully addressed in the Cooperation Agreement. 

The Cooperation Agreement will terminate upon the expiration of the last day of the Standstill Period, unless earlier terminated by mutual written agreement of the Company and Dendur. 

Separate from the agreements made in the Cooperation Agreement, the Company will also nominate Sandra Cochran and Michael Colglazier for election to its Board of Directors at the Companys 2025 Annual Meeting as Class I directors. 

Effective immediately prior to the 2025 Annual Meeting, each of Michelle Frymire (Class II), Esi Eggleston Bracey (Class II), D. Scott Olivet (Class II), and Enrique Mena (Class I) will resign from the Board. As such, the Companys Board will continue to comprise 12 directors, 10 of whom are independent. 

As a result of the foregoing and in accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Company, the Board anticipates that each of Chieh Huang, Louis Carr and Jennifer Mason will be re-classified from Class I directors to Class II directors, along with continuing Class II director Marilyn Spiegel, to serve for a term expiring at the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders of the Company. No changes are anticipated with respect to the Class III directors. 

Item 5.02 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

The information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated into this Item 5.02 by reference. 

Item 7.01 

Regulation FD Disclosure. 

On March 10, 2025, the Company issued a press release relating to its intent to refresh the Board with four new independent directors at the 2025 Annual Meeting and the Cooperation Agreement, as described in Item 1.01 above. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this report and is incorporated by reference herein. 

The information furnished pursuant to this Item 7.01 shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit

Number 

Description

10.1 Cooperation Agreement, dated as of March 10, 2025, by and between the Company and Dendur 

99.1 Press Release dated March 10, 2025 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

SIX FLAGS ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION

(Registrant)

/s/ Brian C. Witherow

Name: Brian C. Witherow

Title: Chief Financial Officer

Date: March 10, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d938359dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

Execution Version 

COOPERATION AGREEMENT 

This Cooperation Agreement (this Agreement), dated as of March 10, 2025, is made by and among Six Flags Entertainment
Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Corporation), and Dendur Capital LP, a Delaware limited partnership and its Affiliates set forth on Schedule A and in the signature pages hereto (collectively,
Dendur) (the Corporation and Dendur together, collectively, the Parties). 

WHEREAS, Dendur
beneficially owns an aggregate of 2,761,500 shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share (Common Stock), of the Corporation issued and outstanding on the date hereof; 

WHEREAS, Dendur and the Corporation have engaged in discussions with respect to the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the
Board); and 

WHEREAS, the Parties have determined that it is in their respective best interests to come to an agreement
with respect to the composition of the Board and certain other matters, as provided in this Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of and reliance upon the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. 

Board Matters. 

a. 

The Corporation agrees that the Board shall take all necessary actions to nominate Felipe Dutra and Steven
Hoffman (each a New Director and, together, the New Directors) as Class I directors for election to the Board at the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation (the 2025 Annual
Meeting), and shall nominate, recommend, support and solicit proxies for the election of each of the New Directors at the 2025 Annual Meeting in the same manner as for the election of the Corporations other nominees at the 2025
Annual Meeting. 

b. 

The Corporation shall hold the 2025 Annual Meeting no later than June 25, 2025. 

c. 

From and after the date of this Agreement until the 2025 Annual Meeting, the Corporation shall invite the New
Directors to attend all meetings of the Board (or any committee thereof) in a nonvoting observer capacity. In connection therewith, the Corporation shall provide each New Director with copies of all notices, minutes, consents and other materials
that it provides members of the Board concurrently as such materials are provided to the Board. The New Directors shall be permitted to participate in all such meetings of the Board (or any committee thereof) to the same extent as all other members
of the Board except that, until duly elected, the New Directors will not be permitted to vote. 

d. 

The New Directors shall be permitted to attend the Corporations Investor Day on May 20, 2025 (or
such other day as determined by the Board) and to participate in the Corporations preparation for Investor Day, including reviewing and commenting on all investor materials to be presented, prepared or referenced by the Corporation on Investor
Day. 

e. 

The Corporation agrees that two members of the current Board, who shall be identified by the Board in its sole
discretion, shall not be nominated or stand for reelection at the 2025 Annual Meeting. 

f. 

Concurrent with the execution of this Agreement, Dendur hereby immediately ceases all efforts, direct or
indirect, in furtherance of its nomination of individuals for election as director at the 2025 Annual Meeting and any related solicitation therewith, including any negative solicitation efforts relating to the 2025 Annual Meeting.

g. 

If, during the Standstill Period (as defined below), either of the New Directors resigns from the Board or is
rendered unable (due to death or disability) to, or refuses to, serve on the Board for any reason, and at all times since the date of this Agreement and at such time Dendur Beneficially Owns in the aggregate at least 1.0% of the Corporations
then-outstanding Common Stock (the Minimum Ownership Level), then, so long as Dendur Beneficially Owns in the aggregate at least the Minimum Ownership Level, Dendur shall have the right to propose a candidate for replacement of
such New Director that is reasonably acceptable to the Board (who shall qualify as independent pursuant to the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE) and the applicable rules and regulations of the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) and have the relevant financial and business experience to be a director of the Corporation) to fill the resulting vacancy caused by the New Directors departure from the
Board (any such replacement director, a Replacement Director), and once a Replacement Director is determined to be acceptable by the Board, the Board and all applicable committees of the Board shall take all necessary actions to
immediately appoint the Replacement Director to the Board; provided that a Replacement Director will not be any current or former Affiliate, associate or employee of any of Dendur. Upon a Replacement Directors appointment to the Board,
such Replacement Director will be deemed to be a New Director for all purposes under this Agreement. 

h. 

Promptly following the appointment of the New Directors to the Board, each of the New Directors (or any
Replacement Director, as applicable) shall be considered for membership on one of the three standing committees of the Board (People, Culture and Compensation Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and Audit and Finance Committee)
(and any new committee(s), as applicable) in the same manner as other independent members of the Board. 

i. 

Dendur acknowledges that all directors are governed by all Corporation policies, procedures, codes, rules,
standards and guidelines, including with respect to confidentiality, applicable to all members of the Board. 

- 2 - 

2. 

Standstill and Voting. 

a. 

Dendur agrees that during the Standstill Period (as defined below), Dendur and its Affiliates will not (and
they will not assist or encourage others to), directly or indirectly, in any manner, without prior written approval of the Board: 

i. 

acquire, seek to acquire or agree to acquire (directly or indirectly), whether by market purchases, private
purchases, tender or exchange offer, through the acquisition of control of another person, by joining a group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), through short sale, forward contract or any purchase, sale
or grant of any option, warrant, convertible security, stock appreciation right or other similar right (including swap or hedging transactions or otherwise), any shares of Common Stock (or Beneficial Ownership thereof) or any securities convertible
or exchangeable into or exercisable for any shares of Common Stock (or Beneficial Ownership thereof) (including any derivative securities or any other rights decoupled from the underlying securities of the Corporation) such that Dendur would
Beneficially Own in excess of 6.0% of the shares of Common Stock outstanding at such time; 

ii. 

other than in open market sale transactions where the identity of the purchaser is not known, sell, offer, or
agree to sell, directly or indirectly, through swap or hedging transactions or otherwise, the securities of the Corporation or any rights decoupled from the underlying securities held by Dendur to any Person (as defined below) or entity not
(A) a party to this Agreement, (B) a member of the Board, (C) an officer of the Corporation or (D) an Affiliate of Dendur (any Person or entity not set forth in the foregoing clauses (A)-(D) shall be referred to as a
Third Party) that would result in such Third Party, together with such Third-Parties Affiliates, owning, controlling or otherwise having any beneficial or other ownership interest representing in the aggregate in excess of
3.0% of the shares of Common Stock outstanding at such time; 

iii. 

(A) advise or knowingly encourage or influence any other Person or knowingly assist any Third Party in so
encouraging, assisting or influencing any other Person with respect to the giving or withholding of any proxy, consent or other authority to vote or in conducting any type of referendum (other than such encouragement, advice or influence that is
consistent with the Boards recommendation in connection with such matter) or (B) advise, influence or encourage any Person with respect to, or effect or seek to effect, whether alone or in concert with others, the election, nomination or
removal of a director; 

iv. 

solicit proxies or written consents of stockholders or conduct any other type of referendum (binding or non-binding) (including any withhold, vote no or similar campaign) with respect to the shares of Common Stock, or from the holders of the shares of Common Stock, or become a
participant (as such term is defined in Instruction 3 to Item 4 of Schedule 14A promulgated under the Exchange Act) in or knowingly encourage or assist any Third Party in any solicitation of any proxy, consent or other
authority (as such terms are defined under the Exchange Act) to vote any shares of Common Stock (other than any encouragement, advice or influence that is consistent with the Boards recommendation in connection with such matter);

- 3 - 

v. 

(A) form, join or in any other way participate in a group with respect to any securities
(other than a group solely consisting of Dendur or Dendur controlled Affiliates), (B) grant any proxy, consent or other authority to vote with respect to any matters to be voted on by the Corporations stockholders at any annual or
special stockholder meeting or pursuant to an action by written consent of the stockholders (each, a Stockholder Meeting), other than to the named proxies included in the Corporations proxy card for any Stockholder Meeting
or in accordance with Section 2(b) or (C) agree to deposit or deposit any securities or any securities convertible or exchangeable into or exercisable for any such securities in any voting trust, agreement or similar
arrangement (other than (I) to the named proxies included in the Corporations proxy card for any Stockholder Meeting, (II) customary brokerage accounts, margin accounts, prime brokerage accounts and the like or (III) any
agreement solely among Dendur or Dendurs controlled Affiliates); 

vi. 

separately or in conjunction with any Third Party in which it is or proposes to be either a principal, partner
or financing source or is acting or proposes to act as broker or agent for compensation, propose (publicly or privately, with or without conditions), directly or indirectly indicate an interest in, facilitate, participate or effect any tender offer,
exchange offer, merger, acquisition, division, reorganization, restructuring, recapitalization, spin-off or other business combination involving the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries or the assets or
businesses of the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries, or material acquisition of any assets or business of the Corporation, or actively encourage, facilitate, initiate or support any other Third Party in any such foregoing activity;
provided, however, that Dendur and its Affiliates shall be permitted to (A) sell or tender their securities subject to applicable rules of the SEC and the NYSE, and otherwise receive consideration, pursuant to any such transaction
and (B) vote on any such transaction in accordance with Section 2(b); 

vii. 

(A) nominate, recommend for nomination, or give notice of an intent to nominate or recommend for
nomination a person for election at any Stockholder Meeting at which the Corporations directors are to be elected, (B) submit or present any proposal for consideration at, or bring any other business before, a Stockholder Meeting or
(C) call or seek to call, or request the call of, alone or in concert with others, or support another stockholders call for, any meeting of stockholders, whether or not such a meeting is permitted by the Corporations organizational
documents; 

- 4 - 

viii. 

take any action in support of or make any public proposal or request that constitutes: (A) controlling,
changing or influencing the Board, management or policies of the Corporation, including any plans or proposals to change the number, class or term of directors or the removal of any directors, or to fill any vacancies on the Board; (B) any
material change in the capitalization, stock repurchase programs and practices or dividend policy of the Corporation; (C) any other material change in the Corporations management, business or corporate structure; (D) seeking to have
the Corporation waive or make amendments or modifications to the Corporations certificate of incorporation or bylaws or take other actions that may have the effect of impeding or facilitating the acquisition of control of the Corporation by
any Person; (E) causing a class of securities of the Corporation to be delisted from, or to cease to be authorized to be quoted on, any securities exchange; or (F) causing a class of securities of the Corporation to become eligible for
termination of registration pursuant to Section 12(g)(4) of the Exchange Act, in each case with respect to the foregoing clauses (A) through (F); 

ix. 

make any request for stockholder list materials or other books and records of the Corporation pursuant to
Section 220 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or otherwise; provided that if either of the New Directors (or any Replacement Director, as applicable) make such a request solely in such New Directors (or any Replacement
Directors, as applicable) capacity as a director in a manner consistent with his or her fiduciary duties to the Corporation, such material and other books and records may not be shared with Dendur or its Affiliates, notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement; 

x. 

institute, solicit, join (as a party) or knowingly assist any litigation, arbitration or other proceeding
against the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries or any of its current or former directors or officers (including derivative actions); provided that the foregoing shall not prevent Dendur from (A) bringing litigation by Dendur to enforce the
provisions of this Agreement, (B) making counterclaims with respect to any proceeding initiated by, or on behalf of, the Corporation or its Affiliates against Dendur or the New Directors (or any Replacement Director, as applicable), (C)
exercising statutory appraisal rights or (D) receiving damages or settlement proceeds like any other stockholder in connection with any class action proceeding brought by a named plaintiff other than Dendur; provided, further,
that the foregoing shall not prevent Dendur from responding to or complying with a validly issued legal process (and the Corporation agrees that this Section 2(a)(x) shall apply mutatis mutandis to the Corporation
and its directors, officers, employees and agents (in each case, acting in such capacity) and Affiliates with respect to Dendur); 

- 5 - 

xi. 

encourage, facilitate, support, participate in or enter into any negotiations, agreements, arrangements or
understandings with respect to the taking of any actions by any other Person in connection with the foregoing that is prohibited to be taken by Dendur; or 

xii. 

request that the Corporation, directly or indirectly, amend or waive any provision of this
Section 2 (including this clause (a)(xii)), other than through non-public communications with the Corporation that would not reasonably be expected to trigger public disclosure
obligations for any Party. 

The foregoing provisions of this Section 2(a) shall not be deemed to prevent
Dendur from (i) communicating privately with the Board or the Corporations Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer regarding any matter, so long as such communications are not intended to, and would not reasonably be expected
to, require the Corporation or Dendur to make public disclosure with respect thereto, (ii) communicating privately with stockholders of the Corporation and others in a manner that does not otherwise violate this
Section 2(a), Section 3 hereof or any other provision of this Agreement, (iii) only during the period thirty (30) days prior to the termination of the Standstill Period, identifying
potential director candidates to serve on the Board, so long as such actions do not create a public disclosure obligation for Dendur or the Corporation, are not publicly disclosed by Dendur or its Affiliates and are undertaken on a basis reasonably
designed to be confidential, (iv) making or sending private communications to investors in Dendur or any of its Affiliates, provided that such statements or communications (1) are based on publicly available information,
(2) are not reasonably expected to be publicly disclosed and are understood by all parties to be confidential communications, and (3) pertain to the investors investment in Dendur or any of its Affiliates, or (v) taking any
action to the extent necessary to comply with any law, rule or regulation or any action required by any governmental or regulatory authority or stock exchange that has, or may have, jurisdiction over Dendur. Furthermore, for the avoidance of doubt,
nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to restrict in any way the New Directors (or any Replacement Director, as applicable) in the exercise of their fiduciary duties under applicable law as directors of the Corporation. 

b. 

In respect of any vote or consent of the Corporations stockholders during the Standstill Period (whether
at an annual or special Stockholder Meeting or pursuant to an action by written consent of the stockholders), Dendur shall appear or act in person or by proxy and vote or cause to be voted all shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned by it in
accordance with the recommendation of the Board with respect to (i) the election, removal and/or replacement of directors (a Director Proposal), (ii) the ratification of the appointment of the Corporations independent
registered public accounting firm and (iii) any other proposal, including say-on-pay, submitted to the Corporations stockholders at a Stockholder
Meeting, in each case, as such recommendation of the Board is set forth in the applicable definitive proxy statement filed in respect thereof; provided, however, in the event Institutional Shareholder Services Inc.
(ISS) or Glass Lewis & Co., LLC (Glass Lewis) recommends otherwise with respect to the Corporations
say-on-pay proposal or any other Corporation proposal or stockholder proposal presented at any Stockholder Meeting (other than Director Proposals proposed at
the 2025 Annual Meeting), Dendur shall be permitted to vote in the same proportion as the vote of all other holders of shares of Common Stock; provided, further, in the event ISS recommends otherwise with respect to any Corporation
proposal or stockholder 

- 6 - 

proposal presented at the 2026 annual Stockholder Meeting, Dendur shall be permitted to vote in accordance with the ISS recommendation; provided, further, that Dendur shall be
entitled to vote the shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned by it in its sole discretion with respect to (A) any extraordinary transaction, including any transaction involving the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries pursuant to which any
person is or becomes a Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Corporation representing more than 50% of the Corporations then outstanding equity interest and voting power, a merger, stock for stock transaction,
acquisition, disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation and its subsidiaries or other business combination involving the Corporation or (B) any financing, recapitalization, restructuring, share issuance or similar
extraordinary transaction, in each case, that requires a vote of the Corporations stockholders. 

c. 

The Standstill Period shall begin as of the date of this Agreement and shall remain in full
force and effect until the earlier of (i) the date that is thirty (30) days prior to the deadline for the submission of stockholder nominations for the 2027 annual Stockholder Meeting pursuant to the Corporations bylaws or
(ii) the date that is 120 days prior to the first anniversary of the 2026 annual Stockholder Meeting. 

d. 

Dendur shall comply, and shall cause its Affiliates to comply, with the terms of this Agreement and shall be
responsible for any breach of this Agreement by any such Affiliate. 

3. 

Mutual Non-Disparagement. During the Standstill Period,
(a) Dendur shall not make, and shall cause its respective directors, officers, partners, members, employees, agents (in each case, acting in such capacity) and Affiliates not to make, or cause to be made, by press release or other public
statement to the press or media (including social media), any statement or announcement that constitutes an ad hominem attack on, or otherwise disparages or damages, the Corporation, its subsidiaries or their respective officers and directors or any
person who has served as an officer or director of the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries in the past, and (b) the Corporation shall not, and shall cause its directors and executive officers not to make, or cause to be made, by press
release or other public statement to the press or media (including social media), any statement or announcement that constitutes an ad hominem attack on, or otherwise disparages or damages, Dendur and its officers or directors or any person who has
served as an officer or director of Dendur. The foregoing shall not prevent the making of any factual statement, including in any compelled testimony or production of information, either by legal process, subpoena, or as part of a response to a
request for information from any governmental authority with purported jurisdiction over the party from whom information is sought. 

4. 

Director Information. As a condition to the New Directors (or any Replacement Directors, as
applicable) nomination to serve on the Board and any subsequent nomination for election as directors at an annual meeting of the Corporations stockholders, the New Directors (or any Replacement Director, as applicable) will provide any
information the Corporation reasonably requires, including a fully completed copy of the Corporations standard director and officer questionnaire, information required by the Corporations

- 7 - 

bylaws, as then in effect, or to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing under applicable law, stock exchange rules or listing standards, information in connection with assessing
eligibility, independence and other criteria applicable to directors or satisfying compliance and legal obligations, and will consent to appropriate background checks, to the extent, in each case, consistent with the information and background
checks required by the Corporation in accordance with past practice with respect to other members of the Board. If, at any time following the completion of the Corporations background review process, the Board learns that one of the New
Directors or any Replacement Director has committed, been indicted or charged with, or made a plea of nolo contendre to, a felony or a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude, deceit, dishonesty or fraud, then the Board may request that such
New Director (or any Replacement Director, as applicable) not stand for election at the 2025 Annual Meeting or resign from the Board (as applicable). 

5. 

Disclosure of this Agreement. The Parties agree that, promptly following the execution of this
Agreement, the Corporation will issue a press release (the Press Release) announcing this Agreement, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A. Prior to the issuance of the Press Release, neither the
Corporation nor Dendur shall issue any press release or public announcement regarding this Agreement or take any action that would require public disclosure thereof without the prior written consent of the other Party. Dendur acknowledges and agrees
that the Corporation may file this Agreement and the Press Release as an exhibit to a Current Report on Form 8-K within four (4) business days of the execution of this Agreement; provided that the
Corporation shall first preview such Current Report with Dendur in advance of making such filing and consider reasonable comments by Dendur. 

6. 

Expenses. No later than ten (10) business days following the execution of this Agreement, the
Corporation shall reimburse Dendur for the reasonable, documented, out-of-pocket fees and expenses (including legal expenses) incurred as of or prior to the date hereof
by Dendur in connection with its engagement with the Corporation, the negotiation and execution of this Agreement, and related matters, provided that such reimbursement shall not exceed $375,000 in the aggregate. 

7. 

Representations and Warranties. 

a. 

The Corporation represents and warrants to Dendur that: (i) the Corporation has the requisite corporate
power and authority to execute this Agreement and any other documents or agreements to be entered into in connection with this Agreement and to bind it hereto and thereto; (ii) this Agreement has been duly and validly authorized, executed and
delivered by the Corporation, constitutes a valid and binding obligation and agreement of the Corporation and is enforceable against the Corporation in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws generally affecting the rights of creditors and subject to general equity principles; and (iii) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the
Corporation does not and will not (x) violate or conflict with any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable to the Corporation or (y) result in any breach or violation of or constitute a default (or

- 8 - 

an event which with notice or lapse of time or both could constitute such a breach, violation or default) under or pursuant to, or result in the loss of a material benefit under, or give any
right of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any organizational document, agreement, contract, commitment, understanding or arrangement to which the Corporation is a party or by which it is bound. 

b. 

Dendur represents and warrants to the Corporation that: 

i. 

as of the date of this Agreement, Dendur Beneficially Owns, directly or indirectly, only the number of shares
of Common Stock as described opposite its name on Schedule A to this Agreement and such schedule includes all Affiliates of Dendur that own any securities of the Corporation Beneficially or of record and reflects all shares of Common Stock in
which Dendur has any interest or right to acquire, whether through derivative securities, voting agreements or otherwise; 

ii. 

(A) as of the date of this Agreement, other than as disclosed herein, Dendur does not currently have, and
does not currently have any right to acquire, any interest in any other securities of the Corporation (or any rights, options or other securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable (whether or not convertible, exercisable or
exchangeable immediately or only after the passage of time or the occurrence of a specified event) for such securities or any obligations measured by the price or value of any securities of the Corporation or any of its controlled Affiliates,
including any swaps or other derivative arrangements designed to produce economic benefits and risks that correspond to the ownership of shares of Common Stock, whether or not any of the foregoing would give rise to Beneficial Ownership (as
determined under Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act), and whether or not to be settled by delivery of shares of Common Stock, payment of cash or by other consideration, and without regard to any
short position under any such contract or arrangement); (B) this Agreement has been duly and validly authorized, executed and delivered by Dendur, and constitutes a valid and binding obligation and agreement of Dendur, enforceable against Dendur in
accordance with its terms, except as enforcement thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws generally affecting the rights of creditors and subject to general equity
principles; (C) Dendur has the authority to execute this Agreement, and to bind Dendur to the terms of this Agreement, including by virtue of having sole voting and dispositive power over each such Affiliates shares of Common Stock listed on
Schedule A hereto; (D) Dendur shall cause each of its controlled Affiliates to comply with the terms of this Agreement and (E) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Dendur does not and will not violate or
conflict with (1) any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable to it, or (2) result in any breach or violation of or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both could become a default)
under or pursuant to, or result in the 

- 9 - 

loss of a material benefit under, or give any right of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any organizational document, agreement, contract, commitment, understanding or
arrangement to Dendur is a party or by which it is bound. Dendur further represents and warrants that it does not have, directly or indirectly, any agreements, arrangements or understandings with any Person (other than its own representatives) with
respect to its investment in the Corporation, any strategic, capital, management or other operational matter with respect to the Corporation, any potential transaction involving the Corporation, or the acquisition, voting or disposition of any
securities of the Corporation. Dendur further represents and warrants that the information previously provided to the Corporation is true, accurate and complete in all material respects; 

iii. 

as of the date of this Agreement, Dendur does not have, nor will during the Standstill Period have, any
contract, plan, agreement, arrangement or understanding, written or oral, with any member of the Board or the incoming New Directors pursuant to which such individual has been or will be compensated, indemnified or reimbursed expenses for his or her
service as a director on, or nominee for election to, the Board. 

8. 

Amendment in Writing. This Agreement and each of its terms may only be amended, waived, supplemented or
modified in a writing signed by the Parties hereto. 

9. 

Governing Law/Venue/Waiver of Jury Trial/Jurisdiction. Each of the Parties (a) irrevocably and
unconditionally consents to submit itself to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Delaware or, if unavailable, the federal court in the State of Delaware, in each case sitting in the County of New Castle in the State of
Delaware in the event any dispute arises out of or relates to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (b) agrees that it shall not attempt to deny or defeat such personal jurisdiction by motion or other request for
leave from any such court, (c) agrees that it shall not bring any action relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in any court other than the state and federal courts of the State of Delaware sitting in the
County of New Castle, and each of the Parties irrevocably waives the right to trial by jury, (d) agrees to waive any bonding requirement under any applicable law, in the case any other Party seeks to enforce the terms by way of equitable
relief, and (e) irrevocably consents to service of process by a reputable overnight delivery service, signature requested, to the address of such Partys principal place of business or as otherwise provided by applicable law. THIS
AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED IN ALL RESPECTS, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION VALIDITY, INTERPRETATION AND EFFECT, BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS EXECUTED AND TO BE PERFORMED WHOLLY WITHIN SUCH STATE WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT
TO THE CHOICE OF LAW PRINCIPLES OF SUCH STATE. 

- 10 - 

10. 

Specific Performance. The Parties expressly agree that an actual or threatened breach of this Agreement
by any Party will give rise to irreparable injury that cannot adequately be compensated by damages. Accordingly, in addition to any other remedy to which it may be entitled, each Party shall be entitled to a temporary restraining order or injunctive
relief to prevent a breach of the provisions of this Agreement or to secure specific enforcement of its terms and provisions, and each Party agrees it will not take any action, directly or indirectly, in opposition to another Party seeking such
relief. Each of the Parties agrees to waive any requirement for the security or posting of any bond in connection with any such relief. 

11. 

Severability. If at any time subsequent to the date hereof, any provision of this Agreement shall be
held by any court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, void or unenforceable, such provision shall be of no force and effect, but the illegality or unenforceability of such provision shall have no effect upon the legality or enforceability of
any other provision of this Agreement. 

12. 

Non-Waiver. No failure or delay by a Party in exercising any
right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder. 

13. 

Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the full, complete and entire understanding, agreement, and
arrangement of and between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any and all prior oral and written understandings, agreements, negotiations, discussions and arrangements between them. There are no other agreements,
covenants, promises or arrangements between the Parties other than those set forth in this Agreement (including the attachments hereto). 

14. 

Notice. All notices and other communications which are required or permitted hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed validly given, made or served, when delivered in person or sent by overnight courier, when actually received during normal business hours, or on the date of dispatch by the sender thereof when sent by e-mail (to the extent that no bounce back, out of office or similar message indicating non-delivery is received with respect thereto), if such dispatch
is made by 5:00 p.m. New York City time on a business day or, if made after 5:00 p.m. New York City time on a business day, such notice or other communication shall be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding business day, at the address
specified in this Section 14: 

If to the Corporation: 

Six Flags Entertainment Corporation 

8701 Red Oak Blvd. 

Charlotte,
North Carolina 28217 

Attn: 

Brian Nurse, Chief Legal & Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary 

Cc: 

Brian Witherow, Chief Financial Officer 

Email: 

Brian.Nurse@sixflags.com; Brian.Witherow@sixflags.com 

- 11 - 

with a copy, which will not constitute notice, to: 

Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP 

767 5th Avenue 

New York, New
York 10153 

Attention: 

Michael J. Aiello 

Megan Pendleton 

Email: 

michael.aiello@weil.com; megan.pendleton@weil.com 

If to Dendur: 

Dendur Capital LP

250 West 55th Street, 26th Floor 

New York, New York 10019 

Attention: 

Michael Anastasio 

Cc: 

Mac Levine, Matthew Vandivort 

Email: 

manastasio@dendurcap.com; mlevine@dendurcap.com; 

mvandivort@dendurcap.com 

with a copy, which will not constitute notice, to: 

White & Case LLP 

1221
Avenue of the Americas 

New York, New York 10020 

Attention: 

Richard Brand 

Email: 

richard.brand@whitecase.com 

15. 

Termination. This Agreement shall cease, terminate and have no further force and effect upon the
expiration of the last day of the Standstill Period as set forth in Section 2(c), unless earlier terminated by mutual written agreement of the Parties; provided that Sections 9 through 20 shall survive
the termination of this Agreement. 

16. 

Further Assurances. Dendur and the Corporation agree to take, or cause to be taken, all such further or
other actions as shall reasonably be necessary to make effective and consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

17. 

Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties
named herein and their respective successors and permitted assigns. No Party may assign or otherwise transfer either this Agreement or any of its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior written approval of the other Parties.
Any purported transfer requiring consent without such consent shall be void. 

18. 

No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is solely for the benefit of the Parties and is not
enforceable by any other Person. 

19. 

Interpretation; Construction. Each of the Parties acknowledges that it has been represented by counsel
of its choice throughout all negotiations that have preceded the execution of this Agreement, and that it has executed this Agreement with the advice of such counsel. Each Party and its counsel cooperated and participated in the drafting and
preparation of 

- 12 - 

this Agreement, and any and all drafts relating thereto exchanged among the Parties shall be deemed the work product of all of the Parties and may not be construed against any Party by reason of
its drafting or preparation. Accordingly, any rule of law or any legal decision that would require interpretation of any ambiguities in this Agreement against any Party that drafted or prepared it is of no application and is hereby expressly waived
by each of the Parties, and any controversy over interpretations of this Agreement shall be decided without regard to events of drafting or preparation. When a reference is made in this Agreement to a Section or Clause, such reference shall be to a
Section or Clause of this Agreement, unless otherwise indicated. The headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever the words
include, includes and including are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation. The words hereof, herein and
hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning as
the word shall. The words date hereof will refer to the date of this Agreement. The word or is not exclusive. The definitions contained in this Agreement are applicable to the singular as well as the plural forms
of such terms. Any agreement, instrument, law, rule or statute defined or referred to herein means, unless otherwise indicated, such agreement, instrument, law, rule or statute as from time to time amended, modified or supplemented. For purposes of
this Agreement, the term Beneficially Own or variations thereof shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
Exchange Act) and the term Affiliate or variations thereof shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 12b-2 promulgated under the Exchange Act. The term Person
or variations thereof shall mean any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, estate, trust, association, organization or other entity of any kind or nature. 

20. 

Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts, each of which shall
be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g.,
www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. 

[The remainder of this page is left blank intentionally.] 

- 13 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have each executed this Agreement on the date first set forth above.

THE CORPORATION:

SIX FLAGS ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION

By: 

/s/ Richard Zimmerman

Name: Richard Zimmerman

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

DENDUR

DENDUR CAPITAL LP

By: 

/s/ Michael Anastasio

Name: Michael Anastasio

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer

DENDUR FUND LP

By: Dendur Capital LP, as Investment Manager

By: 

/s/ Michael Anastasio

Name: Michael Anastasio

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer

DENDUR OPPORTUNITY FUND II LP

By: Dendur Capital LP, as Investment Manager

By: 

/s/ Michael Anastasio

Name: Michael Anastasio

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer

[Signature page to the Cooperation Agreement] 

EXHIBIT A 

Press Release 

**Included as
Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K**

SCHEDULE A 

Name Ownership 

Dendur Fund LP 2,135,000 

Dendur Opportunity Fund II LP 626,500
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d938359dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

NEWS RELEASE

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Investor Contact: Michael Russell, 419.627.2233

https://investors.sixflags.com Media Contact: Gary Rhodes, 704.249.6119

SIX FLAGS ANNOUNCES NOMINATION OF FOUR NEW INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS 

Sandy Cochran, Michael Colglazier, Felipe Dutra and Steven Hoffman to Stand for Election to the Companys
Board of Directors 

CHARLOTTE, N.C. (March 10, 2025) Six Flags Entertainment Corporation (NYSE: FUN) (Six
Flags or the Company), the largest amusement park operator in North America, announced today it will nominate Sandy Cochran, Michael Colglazier, Felipe Dutra and Steven Hoffman, to stand for election to its Board of Directors at
the Companys 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Each of the nominees, if elected, will serve as Class I Directors for a three-year term ending in 2028. 

After successfully seeing the company through the first year post-merger, current directors Esi Eggleston Bracey, Michelle McKinney Frymire, D. Scott Olivet,
and Enrique Ramirez Mena have each decided to resign from the Board in connection with the 2025 Annual Meeting. As such, the Six Flags Board will continue to comprise 12 directors, 10 of whom are independent. 

We thank Esi, Michelle, Scott and Enrique for their immense contributions to our legacy company boards and their valued service on the Six Flags Board
during the critical, early stages of the combined company, said Executive Chairman Selim Bassoul. 

The nominations announced today follow a thorough
review of the Six Flags Board of Directors and a director search process completed with the assistance of Spencer Stuart, a nationally recognized executive firm. Felipe Dutra and Steven Hoffman were identified by Six Flags shareholder Dendur Capital
LP (together with its affiliates, Dendur). 

Were excited at the prospect of adding Sandy, Michael, Felipe and Steven to the Six
Flags Board as we work to build on our considerable momentum, added Bassoul. We are confident that our new nominees are uniquely qualified to help us continue advancing our strategy to unlock the full potential of the new Six Flags. We
would also like to thank Dendur for its cooperative and constructive engagement throughout this process. 

Malcolm Levine, Managing Partner and Chief
Investment Officer of Dendur, said We have been long-term shareholders of Six Flags and legacy Cedar Fair because we believe in the strong fundamentals and significant potential of the business. We appreciate the Boards commitment to
enhancing its composition and willingness to collaborate to identify strong new directors. We are confident that Sandy, Michael, Felipe and Steven bring skills and experience that will help Six Flags drive profitable growth and enhance shareholder
value. 

Six Flags Entertainment Corporation 8701 Red Oak Boulevard, Charlotte, NC 28217 Phone: 704.414.4700 

Six Flags Announces Nomination of Four New Independent Directors 

March 10, 2025 

Page 2 

Pursuant to a cooperation agreement, Dendur has agreed to customary standstill, voting
and other provisions as further described on a Form 8-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Nominee Biographies 

Sandra (Sandy)
Cochran has extensive executive level and financial experience with both public and private companies. Ms. Cochran served as president and chief executive officer of Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. from 2011 through 2024. Prior
to that, Ms. Cochran previously held numerous executive positions, including president and chief executive officer, at Books-A-Million, Inc. She began her career
with SunTrust Banks, Inc. 

Michael Colglazier is the president and chief executive officer of Virgin Galactic Holdings, Inc., a position he
has held since 2020. Mr. Colglazier began his career in 1989 with the Walt Disney Company where he held various management positions, including serving as president of the Disney Land Resort and managing director of Disney Parks International
from 2018 through 2020. 

Felipe Dutra is the non-executive chairman of Waldencast PLC, a position he
has held since 2021. He previously served as Chief Financial Officer of Anheuser-Busch InBev from 2004 through 2020, adding Chief Technology Officer responsibilities in 2014. 

Steven Hoffman is the sole proprietor of Python Global Ventures, an investment firm he founded in 2018. Prior to that Mr. Hoffman was a
partner and consumer sector head at Highline Capital Management LLC from 2001 through 2018. Mr. Hoffman began his career at Wertheim Schroder & Co. as an investment banking and private equity analyst. 

ABOUT SIX FLAGS ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION 

Six Flags
Entertainment Corporation (NYSE: FUN) is North Americas largest regional amusement-resort operator with 27 amusement parks, 15 water parks and nine resort properties across 17 states in the U.S., Canada and Mexico. Focused on its purpose of
making people happy, Six Flags provides fun, immersive and memorable experiences to millions of guests every year with world-class coasters, themed rides, thrilling water parks, resorts and a portfolio of beloved intellectual property including
Looney Tunes, DC Comics and PEANUTS. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Some of the statements
contained in this news release that are not historical in nature are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including statements as to our expectations, beliefs, goals and strategies regarding the future. Words such as anticipate, believe, create, expect,
future, guidance, intend, plan, potential, seek, 

Six Flags
Entertainment Corporation 8701 Red Oak Boulevard, Charlotte, NC 28217 Phone: 704.414.4700 

Six Flags Announces Nomination of Four New Independent Directors 

March 10, 2025 

Page 3 

synergies, target, will, would, similar
expressions, and variations or negatives of these words identify forward-looking statements. However, the absence of these words does not mean that the statements are not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements by their nature address matters
that are, to different degrees, uncertain. These forward-looking statements may involve current plans, estimates, expectations and ambitions that are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict, may be beyond our
control and could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in such statements. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that such
expectations will prove to be correct, that our growth and operational strategies will achieve the target results. Important risk factors that may cause such a difference and could adversely affect attendance at our parks, our future financial
performance, and/or our growth strategies, and could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations or otherwise to fluctuate or decrease are discussed under the heading Risk Factors within Part II, Item 1A of our Annual
Report on Form 10-K filed March 3, 2025, and in the other filings we make from time to time with the SEC. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak
only as of the date of this document and are based on information currently and reasonably known to us. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future events, information or
circumstances that arise after the publication of this document. 

# # # 

This news release and prior releases are available under the News tab at https://investors.sixflags.com

Six Flags Entertainment Corporation 8701 Red Oak Boulevard, Charlotte, NC 28217 Phone: 704.414.4700
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>fun-20250310.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>fun-20250310_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>fun-20250310_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>g938359g0310155125949.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 10, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name Six Flags Entertainment Corporation/NEW

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001999001

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 10, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-42157

Entity Tax Identification Number 93-4097909

Entity Address, Address Line One 8701 Red Oak Blvd.

Entity Address, City or Town Charlotte

Entity Address, State or Province NC

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 28217

City Area Code (704)

Local Phone Number 414-4700

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share

Trading Symbol FUN

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.investors.sixflags.com//20250310/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d938359d8k.htm 
fun-20250310.xsd 
fun-20250310_lab.xml 
fun-20250310_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-050940-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>d938359d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001999001 

2025-03-10 
2025-03-10 

Six Flags Entertainment Corporation/NEW 
false 
0001999001 
8-K 
2025-03-10 
DE 
001-42157 
93-4097909 
8701 Red Oak Blvd. 
Charlotte 
NC 
28217 
(704) 
414-4700 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share 
FUN 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>