<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-002776.txt : 20250404
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-002776.hdr.sgml : 20250404
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250404163017
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-002776
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250401
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250404
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250404

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NextTrip, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000788611
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TRANSPORTATION SERVICES [4700]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		EIN:				820404220
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38015
		FILM NUMBER:		25815170

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3900 PASEO DEL SOL
		CITY:			SANTE FE
		STATE:			NM
		ZIP:			87507
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(954) 526-9688

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3900 PASEO DEL SOL
		CITY:			SANTE FE
		STATE:			NM
		ZIP:			87507

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SIGMA ADDITIVE SOLUTIONS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20220812

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SIGMA LABS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20101014

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FRAMEWAVES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010130
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000078861100007886112025-04-012025-04-01iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 1, 2025

NextTrip,
Inc.

(Exact
name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Nevada 001-38015 27-1865814

(State
or Other Jurisdiction 

of
Incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer 

Identification
No.)

3900
Paseo del Sol

Santa
Fe, New Mexico 87507

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (505)438-2576

(Former
Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, par value $0.001 per share NTRP The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
April 1, 2025, NextTrip, Inc. (the Company) entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement)
with Alumni Capital LP (the Investor) for the sale of a short-term promissory note (the Note) and warrants
(Warrants) to Investor for total consideration of $300,000.

The
Note is in the principal amount of $360,000 with an original issue discount of $60,000 and guaranteed interest on the principal amount
of ten percent (10%) per annum, which shall be due and payable on July 1, 2025 (the Maturity Date). In the event of a failure
to re-pay the Note on or before the Maturity Date, the interest rate will increase to the lesser of twenty-two percent (22%) per annum
or the maximum amount permitted under law from the due date thereof until the same is paid.

The
Note is convertible into shares of common stock of the Company (Common Stock) only upon an event of default.

Upon
such an event of default, the Investor shall have the right to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal, interest,
penalties, and all other amounts under the Note into fully paid and non-assessable shares of the Common Stock at a conversion price of
eighty percent (80%) of the lowest traded price of the Common Stock during the twenty (20) Business Days prior to Investors delivery
of a notice of conversion (the Conversion Price), subject to adjustment in the event the Company is no longer DWAC eligible,
is subject to a DTC chill and/or the Company ceases to be a reporting issuer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, conversions
will be subject to limitation whereby such conversion would result in beneficial ownership by the Investor and its affiliates of more
than 9.99% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) or would exceed 19.99% of the
Companys outstanding Common Stock as of the date hereof (the Exchange Cap).

The
Company has agreed to reserve at least three (3) times the number of shares that is actually issuable upon full conversion of the Note
(based on the Conversion Price of the Note in effect from time to time). In addition, while any portion of the Note is outstanding, if
the Company receives net cash proceeds in excess of $1,000,000 but less than $2,000,000, the Investor is entitled to receive up to 50%
of the outstanding amounts under the Note and, for such net cash proceeds in excess of $2,000,000, Investor is entitled to repayment
in full.

Events
of default under the Note include failure to pay principal or interest, conversion failures, material breaches of covenants, representations
and warranties, certain insolvency events, cessation of trading, financial statement restatement and such similar events of default for
transactions of this nature, provided, however, that in no event shall the Holder be entitled to convert any portion of this Note in
excess of that portion of this Note upon conversion of which the sum of (1) the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by
the Holder and its affiliates (other than shares of Common Stock which may be deemed beneficially owned through the ownership of the
unconverted portion of the Notes or the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other security of the Borrower subject to a limitation
on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitations contained herein) and (2) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the
conversion of the portion of this Note with respect to which the determination of this proviso is being made, would result in beneficial
ownership by the Holder and its affiliates of more than 9.99% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or would exceed the Exchange
Cap.

In
conjunction with the issuance of the Note to Investor, the Company also issued Warrants to purchase 80,000 shares of Common Stock at
a price per share of $4.50, which represents 100% warrant coverage on the principal amount of the Note. The Warrants are exercisable
on or prior to the five (5) year anniversary of the Effective Date.

The
Purchase Agreement contains certain representations, warranties, covenants and events of default, as well as piggyback registration rights
for future registration statements.

The
foregoing summaries of the Purchase Agreement, Note and the Warrants do not purport to be complete and are subject to, and qualified
in their entirety by, the forms of such documents attached as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2 and 4.1, respectively, to this Current Report on Form
8-K, which are incorporated herein by reference.

Item
2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The
information in Item 1.01 regarding the issuance by the Company of the Note is hereby incorporated herein by reference.

Item
3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The
information in Item 1.01 regarding the issuance of the Note and Warrants (the Securities) is hereby incorporated herein
by reference.

The
Securities have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or any state securities
laws, and were issued to the Alumni in a transaction exempt from registration under the Securities Act in reliance upon the exemption
from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder. Accordingly, the Securities
constitute, and the shares of Company common stock underlying the Note and Warrants, when issued upon conversion of the Note and exercise
of the Warrants, respectively, will constitute, restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Act.

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits. The following exhibits are filed herewith.

Exhibit

Number Description

4.1 Warrant by and between the Company and Alumni Capital LP, dated April 1, 2025.

10.1 Securities Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and Alumni Capital LP, dated April 1, 2025.

10.2 Promissory Note by and between the Company and Alumni Capital LP, dated April 1, 2025.

104 Cover Page
Interactive Data File (embedded within the inline XBRL Document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

NEXTTRIP,
INC.

Date: April 4, 2025 By: /s/ William
Kerby

Name: William Kerby

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex4-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.1

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE
OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

WARRANT

Warrant
Shares: 80,000 Issuance
Date: April 1, 2025 

THIS
WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, Alumni Capital LP or its assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
the 1st of April (the Initial Issuance Date) and on or prior to the close of business on the five (5)
year anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase
from NextTrip, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), up to 80,000 shares of the Companys Common Stock
(Warrant Shares). The purchase price of one Warrant Share under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price,
as defined in Section 2(b).

Section
1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Stock
Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement) April 1, 2025, among the Company and the Holder.

For
purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Affiliate
means, as applied to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with, that
Person. For the purposes of this definition, control (including, with correlative meanings, the terms controlling,
controlled by and under common control with), as applied to any Person, means possession, directly or indirectly,
of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting
power, by contract or otherwise.

Approved
Stock Plan means any employee benefit plan or agreement which has been approved by the board of directors of the Company prior
to or subsequent to the date hereof pursuant to which shares of Common Stock and Options may be issued to any employee, officer, consultant,
or director for services provided to the Company in their capacity as such.

1

Business
Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States, or any day
on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Common
Stock means the Common Stock of the Company.

Convertible
Securities means any stock or other security (other than Options) that is at any time and under any circumstances, directly
or indirectly, convertible into, exercisable or exchangeable for, or which otherwise entitles the holder thereof to acquire, any shares
of Common Stock.

Excluded
Securities means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or options to employees, officers or directors of the Company
pursuant to any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors
or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose, (b) securities upon the exercise
or exchange of or conversion of any shares issued hereunder and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into
shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that such securities have not been amended since
the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion
price of such securities or to extend the term of such securities, (c) securities issued in connection with the Companys pending
Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-278562); (d) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved
by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities
(as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection
therewith, and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equity holders of a Person) which is, itself or through
its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide
to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is
issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities; and
(e) up to $10 million of securities in a financing transaction for which the securities are issued in restricted form with no registration
rights.

Market
Price means as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise
if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2)
both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours
(as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of
the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid
Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) as of the time of the
Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours
on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading
hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if
the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a)
hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day.

2

Options
means any rights, warrants, or options to subscribe for, purchase, or otherwise acquire shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

Stockholder
Approval means the approval required by the applicable rules and regulations of the NASDAQ Capital Market (or any successor
entity) from the stockholders of the Company of the provisions of Section 3(b) of this Warrant in order for such provisions to
become effective by their terms and to be in compliance with such applicable rules and regulations of the NASDAQ Capital Market (or any
successor entity).

Trading
Day means a day on which the shares of Common Stock are traded on the Trading Market; provided, however, that in the event
that the shares of Common Stock are not listed or quoted on the Trading Market, then Trading Day shall mean any day except Saturday,
Sunday and any day which shall be a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions in the State of New York or State of Delaware
are authorized or required by law or other government action to close.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange, or the OTC Markets QB Tier (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Section
2. Exercise.

a)
Exercise of Warrants. Exercise of the purchase rights for Warrant Shares represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or
in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Issuance Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company
(or such other office or agency of the Company as it may designate by notice in writing to the registered Holder at the address of the
Holder appearing on the books of the Company) of a duly executed Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit A (which may
be delivered in a .PDF format via electronic mail pursuant to the notice provisions set forth in the Purchase Agreement). Within two
(2) Trading Days of the date said Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company (or within three (3) Trading Days of the date said Notice
of Exercise is delivered to the Company if the Notice of Exercise is received after 12 p.m. EST on such day), the Company shall have
received payment of the aggregate Exercise Price of the Warrant Shares thereby purchased by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn
on a United States bank, unless such exercise is made pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below
(if available). No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or
notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required. The Company shall be entitled to conclusively assume the genuineness of any
signature on any Notice of Exercise delivered to the Company pursuant to this Section 2(a), the legal capacity and competency
of all natural persons signing any Notice of Exercise so delivered, the authenticity of any Notice of Exercise so delivered, the conformity
to an authentic original of any Notice of Exercise so delivered as certified, authenticated, conformed, photostatic, facsimile, or electronic
and the authenticity of the original of such Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not
be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder
and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within
three (3) Trading Days of the date the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting
in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding
number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and
the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases, and the Company shall
be entitled to conclusively assume that its records of the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases are accurate,
absent actual notice to the contrary. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within two (2) Business Days
of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions
of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase
hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

3

b)
Exercise Price. The exercise price per Warrant Share shall be $4.50, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise Price).

c)
Cashless Exercise. If at any time ninety (90) days after the date of the Initial Issuance Date, there is no effective Registration
Statement registering, or no current prospectus available for, the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder, then this Warrant may
also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled
to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A)
= the
Market Price (at the date of such calculation)

(B)
= the
Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X)
= the
number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such
exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

Assuming
(i) the Holder is not an Affiliate of the Company, and (ii) all of the applicable conditions of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) with respect to Holder and the Warrant Shares are met in the case of
such a cashless exercise, the Company agrees that the Company will use its best efforts to cause the removal of the legend from such
Warrant Shares (including by delivering an opinion of the Companys counsel to the Companys transfer agent at its own expense
to ensure the foregoing), and the Company agrees that the Holder is under no obligation to sell the Warrant Shares issuable upon the
exercise of the Warrant prior to removing the legend. The Company expressly acknowledges that Rule 144(d)(3)(ii), as currently in effect,
provides that Warrant Shares issued solely upon a cashless exercise shall be deemed to have been acquired at the same time as the Warrant.
The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

d) Mechanics
of Exercise.

i.
Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by
the Companys transfer agent (the Transfer Agent) to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders
or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC)
if the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance
of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder
pursuant to Rule 144, and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name
of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address
specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is one (1) Trading Day after the later of (A) the delivery to the
Company of the Notice of Exercise provided that such Notice of Exercise is received by 12 p.m. EST and two (2) Trading Days for any Notice
of Exercise received after 12 p.m. EST, and (B) the Companys receipt of payment of the aggregate Exercise Price of the Warrant
Shares thereby purchased by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank, unless such exercise is made pursuant
to the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date).
The Warrant Shares shall be deemed to have been issued, and Holder or any other person so designated to be named therein shall be deemed
to have become a holder of record of such shares for all purposes, as of the date the Warrant has been exercised, with payment to the
Company of the Exercise Price (or by cashless exercise, if permitted) and all taxes required to be paid by the Holder, if any, pursuant
to Section 2(d)(vi) prior to the issuance of such Warrant Shares, having been paid. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver
to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder,
in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of
the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $5 per Trading Day (increasing to $10 per Trading Day on the fifth
Trading Day after such liquidated damages begin to accrue) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant
Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST
program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable.

ii.
Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of
a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in
all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii.
Rescission Rights. If the Holder fails to make payment of the aggregate Exercise Price of the Warrant Shares pursuant to a Notice
of Exercise within two (2) Trading Days of the date said Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company (or within three (3) Trading
Days of the date said Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company if the Notice of Exercise is received after 12 p.m. EST on such
day) by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank, then the Company will have the right to rescind such exercise,
unless such exercise is made pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c). If the Company fails to cause
the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date,
then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

4

iv.
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to
the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions
of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder
is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases,
shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving
upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which
(x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds
(y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection
with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B)
at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case
such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had
the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having
a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate
sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall
be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder
in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders
right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific
performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise
of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v.
No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi.
Charges, Taxes, and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer
tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company,
and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered
for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as
a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all
fees charged by the Transfer Agent, including any fees assessed to the Transfer Agent by Depository Trust Company (or another established
clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and for same-day electronic
delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii.
Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise
of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

e)
Holders Exercise Limitations. To the extent the exercise of any portion of this Warrant requires the Company to receive
the approval of the Companys stockholders pursuant to NASDAQ Capital Market Listing Rules, the Company shall not effect such exercise
of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any such portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or
otherwise, until such approval has been received by the Company.

5

Section
3. Certain Adjustments.

a)
Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares
of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Common
Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the
numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this
Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record
date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after
the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

Notwithstanding
anything express or implied in the foregoing provisions of this Section 3(b) to the contrary, (i) no adjustments shall be made,
paid or issued under this Section 3(b), and this Section 3(b) shall not become effective or be of any force or effect whatsoever,
unless and until the Company has obtained the Stockholder Approval, and (ii) no adjustments shall be made, paid or issued under this
Section 3(b) at any time (including, without limitation, at any time after the Company has obtained Stockholder Approval) in respect
of any Excluded Securities, and the provisions of this Section 3(b) that are applicable to a Dilutive Issuance after the Company
has obtained Stockholder Approval shall not be applicable to any Excluded Securities.

b)
Number of Warrant Shares. Simultaneously with any adjustment to the Exercise Price pursuant to Section 3(a), the number
of Warrant Shares that may be purchased upon exercise of this Warrant shall be increased or decreased proportionately, so that after
such adjustment the aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder for the adjusted number of Warrant Shares shall be the same as the aggregate
Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment (without regard to any limitations on exercise contained herein).

c)
Notice. The Company shall notify the Holder, in writing, no later than the Trading Day following the issuance or deemed issuance
of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents subject to Section 3(b), indicating therein the applicable issuance price, or
applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion price and other pricing terms (such notice, the Dilutive Issuance Notice).
For purposes of clarification, whether or not the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to Section 3(b), upon the
occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance, the Holder is entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares based upon the Base Share Price regardless
of whether the Holder accurately refers to the Base Share Price in the Notice of Exercise.

6

d)
Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or
more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company, directly
or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of
its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer
(whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange
their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of more than 50% of the outstanding Common Stock
or more than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization, or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant
to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly
or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including,
without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons
whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or more than 50% of the voting power
of the common equity of the Company (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party
to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination)
(each a Fundamental Transaction), then, the Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction
in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the
Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant
to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay)
prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security
of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable
for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common
Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior
to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock
(but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such
shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic
value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in
form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and
be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant and the other Transaction
Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power
of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the
same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.

e)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share,
as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as
of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

7

f)
Notice to Holder.

i.
Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the
Company shall promptly mail or deliver via electronic mail to the Holder a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment
and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii.
Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on
the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of
capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with
any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities,
cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs
of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be mailed to the Holder at its last address as it shall appear upon the
Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a
notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights, or warrants,
or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions,
redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer
or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock
of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such
reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to mail such notice or any defect
therein or in the mailing thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the
extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company, the
Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled
to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice
except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section
4. Transfer of Warrant.

a)
Transferability. Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d)
hereof, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or
in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment
of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to
pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall
execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations
specified in such instrument of assignment and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so
assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company
assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase
of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

8

b)
New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of
the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such
division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be
divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Initial Exercise
Date and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c)
Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the
Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the
registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder,
and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d)
Transfer Restrictions. Subject to any limitations imposed by applicable law, this Warrant may be offered for sale, sold, transferred,
or assigned without the consent of the Company.

e)
Representation by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant
and, upon any exercise hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to
or for distributing or reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities
law, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section
5. Miscellaneous.

a)
No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights
as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i).

b)
Loss, Theft, Destruction, or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction, or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares,
and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant,
shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the
Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant
or stock certificate.

9

c)
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

d)
Authorized Shares. The Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized
and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase
rights under this Warrant (the Required Reserve Amount). The Company further covenants that its issuance of this
Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the
exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that
such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of
the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon
the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant
and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid, and nonassessable and free
from all taxes, liens, and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer
occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

e)
Transfer Agent Instructions. The Company covenants and agrees that it will, at all times during the period the Warrant is outstanding,
maintain a duly qualified independent Transfer Agent. The Company represents and covenants that, within one (1) day from the Initial
Exercise Date, it will either (i) issue irrevocable instructions to its current Transfer Agent (and each Transfer Agent appointed thereafter)
to issue certificates, registered in the name of the Holder or its nominee, for the Warrant Shares in such amounts as specified from
time to time by the Holder to the Company upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms thereof (the Irrevocable
Transfer Agent Instructions), or (ii) appoint a new Transfer Agent, at which time the Company (a) shall provide a copy of
its agreement with the new Transfer Agent to the Holder, and (b) issue Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions to the new Transfer Agent.
Such Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions shall be in a form acceptable to the Holder and shall include a provision to irrevocably
reserve the Required Reserve Amount. The Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions shall be signed by the Companys Transfer Agent
as of the date of the Initial Exercise Date or by the New Transfer Agent, as applicable, and by the Company. The Company warrants that,
(i) no instruction other than the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions referred to in this Section 5(e), and stop transfer instructions
to give effect to Section 5(g) (prior to registration of the Warrant Shares under the Securities Act or the date on which the Warrant
Shares may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without any restriction as to the number of Securities as of a particular date that can then
be immediately sold), will be given by the Company to its Transfer Agent and that the Warrant Shares shall otherwise be freely transferable
on the books and records of the Company as and to the extent provided in this Warrant and the Purchase Agreement, (ii) it will not direct
its Transfer Agent not to transfer or delay, impair, and/or hinder its Transfer Agent in transferring (or issuing)(electronically or
in certificated form) any certificate for Warrant Shares to be issued to the Holder upon exercise of or otherwise pursuant to this Warrant
as and when required by this Warrant and the Purchase Agreement, and (iii) it will not fail to remove (or direct its Transfer Agent not
to remove or impair, delay, and/or hinder its Transfer Agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer
instructions in respect thereof) on any certificate for any Warrant Shares issued to the Holder upon exercise of or otherwise pursuant
to this Warrant as and when required by this Warrant and the Purchase Agreement. Nothing in this Section shall affect in any way the
Holders obligations to comply with all applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any, upon resale of the Warrant Shares.
If a Holder provides the Company, at the cost of the Holder, with an opinion of counsel in form, substance, and scope customary for opinions
in comparable transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Warrant Shares may be made without registration under
the Securities Act and such sale or transfer is effected, the Company shall permit the transfer, and, in the case of the Warrant Shares,
promptly instruct its Transfer Agent to issue one or more certificates, free from restrictive legend, in such name and in such denominations
as specified by the Holder. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to
the Holder, by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transactions contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the
remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Section 5(e) may be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened
breach by the Company of the provisions of this Section, that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies,
to an injunction restraining any breach and requiring immediate transfer, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without
any bond or other security being required.

10

f)
Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement, and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined
in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

g)
Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, will
have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

h)
Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall
operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers, or remedies, notwithstanding the fact that
all rights hereunder terminate on the Termination Date. If the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of
this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient
to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings,
incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies
hereunder.

i)
Notices. Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall
be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

j)
Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant
to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of
the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company
or by creditors of the Company.

k)
Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will
be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages may not be adequate compensation
for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the
defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

11

l)
Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns
of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall
be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

m)
Amendment. This Warrant (other than Section 2(e)) may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written
consent of the Company and the Holder. No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized representative
of the waiving party.

n)
Severability. If any provision of this Warrant is prohibited by law or otherwise determined to be invalid or unenforceable by
a court of competent jurisdiction, the provision that would otherwise be prohibited, invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed amended
to apply to the broadest extent that it would be valid and enforceable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall
not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Warrant so long as this Warrant as so modified continues to express, without
material change, the original intentions of the parties as to the subject matter hereof and the prohibited nature, invalidity or unenforceability
of the provision(s) in question does not substantially impair the respective expectations or reciprocal obligations of the parties or
the practical realization of the benefits that would otherwise be conferred upon the parties. The parties will endeavor in good faith
negotiations to replace the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s) with a valid provision(s), the effect of which comes as
close as possible to that of the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s).

o)
Headings. This Warrant shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Holder and shall not be construed against
any Person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Warrant are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect
the interpretation of, this Warrant. Terms used in this Warrant but defined in the other Transaction Documents shall have the meanings
ascribed to such terms on the Closing Date in such other Transaction Documents unless otherwise consented to in writing by the Holder.

p)
Governing Law. This Warrant shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the
construction, validity, interpretation, and performance of this Warrant shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Delaware,
without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdictions)
that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Delaware. The Company hereby irrevocably waives
personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action, or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to
the Company at the address set forth in the Purchase Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service
of process and notice thereof.

q) Jurisdiction
and Venue. Each party hereby irrevocably submits that any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this
Warrant, shall be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware and the United States
District Court for the District of Delaware. Each party hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or
proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding
is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each party hereby irrevocably
waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy
thereof to such party at the address for such notices to it under the Purchase Agreement and agrees that such service shall
constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way
any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES
NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS WARRANT.
The parties agree that all dispute resolution proceedings in accordance with this Section 5(o) may be conducted in a virtual
setting.

********************

(Signature
Page Follows)

12

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated.

NEXTTRIP,
INC.

By: /s/
Bill Kerby 

Name: Bill
Kerby

Title: Chief
Executive Officer

[Signature
Page to Warrant]

EXHIBIT
A

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

TO
BE EXECUTED BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER TO EXERCISE THIS

WARRANT
TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK

NEXTTRIP,
INC.

The
undersigned holder hereby exercises the right to purchase of the shares of Common Stock (Warrant Shares) of NextTrip,
Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), evidenced by the Warrant (the Warrant). Capitalized terms
used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant.

1.
Form of Exercise Price. The Holder intends that payment of the Aggregate Exercise Price shall be made as:

_______________aCash
Exercise with respect to_______________ Warrant Shares; and/or

_______________a
Cashless Exercise with respect to_______________ Warrant Shares.

2.
Payment of Exercise Price. In the event that the Holder has elected a Cash Exercise with respect to some or all of the Warrant
Shares to be issued pursuant hereto, the Holder shall pay the Aggregate Exercise Price in the sum of $ to the Company in accordance with
the terms of the Warrant.

3.
Delivery of Warrant Shares. The Company shall deliver to Holder, or its designee or agent as specified below, Warrant Shares in
accordance with the terms of the Warrant. Delivery shall be made to Holder, or for its benefit, as follows:

Check here if requesting delivery as a certificate to the following name and to the following address:

Issue
to: 

Check here if requesting delivery by Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian as follows:

DTC
Participant: 

DTC
Number: 

Account
Number: 

Date:_______________
__,

Name
of Registered Holder

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Tax
ID:

Facsimile:

E-mail
Address:

EXHIBIT
B

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: (Please
Print)

Address: (Please
Print)

Dated:_______________
__, _____ 

Holders
Signature: 

Holders
Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the Agreement), dated as of April 1, 2025, by and between NEXTTRIP, INC.,
a Nevada corporation, with headquarters located at 3900 Paseo del Sol Santa Fe, New Mexico 87507 (the Company), and ALUMNI
CAPITAL LP, a Delaware limited partnership, with its address at 80 S.W. Eighth Street, 20th Floor, Miami, FL 33131 (the
Buyer).

WHEREAS:

A.
The Company and the Buyer are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded
by the rules and regulations as promulgated by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act);

B.
Buyer desires to purchase and the Company desires to issue and sell, upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement a promissory
note of the Company, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, in the aggregate principal amount of US$360,000 (together with any note(s)
issued in replacement thereof or as a dividend thereon or otherwise with respect thereto in accordance with the terms thereof, the Note),
convertible following an Event of Default into shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share, of the Company (the Common
Stock), upon the terms and subject to the limitations and conditions set forth in such Note; and

C.
The Buyer wishes to purchase, upon the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement, such principal amount of Note as is set forth immediately
below its name on the signature pages hereto; and

D.
The Company wishes to issue a Common Stock Purchase Warrant to purchase up to 80,000 shares of Common Stock (in the form attached hereto
as Exhibit B, each, a Warrant and together, the Warrants) to the Buyer, which shall be earned in full as
of the Closing Date, as further provided herein; and

NOW
THEREFORE, the Company and the Buyer hereby agree as follows:

1.
PURCHASE AND SALE OF NOTE.

a.
Purchase of Note. On the Closing Date (as defined below), the Company shall issue and sell to the Buyer the Note and Warrant and
the Buyer shall purchase the Note and Warrant from the Company such principal amount of Note as is set forth immediately below the Buyers
name on the signature pages hereto.

b.
Form of Payment. On the Closing Date (as defined below), (i) the Buyer shall pay the purchase price for the Note in the amount
of US$300,000 (the Purchase Price) by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company, in accordance with the
Companys written wiring instructions, against delivery of the Note in the principal amount equal to the Purchase Price, and (ii)
the Company shall deliver such duly executed Note and Warrant on behalf of the Company, to the Buyer, against delivery of such Purchase
Price.

c.
Closing Date. Subject to the satisfaction (or written waiver) of the conditions thereto set forth in Section 7 and Section 8 below,
the date and time of the issuance and sale of the Note pursuant to this Agreement (the Closing Date) shall be 12:00 noon,
Eastern Standard Time on the date hereof, or such other mutually agreed upon time. The closing of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement (the Closing) shall occur on the Closing Date by remote exchange of documents, or at such location as may be
agreed to by the parties.

2.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE BUYER. The Buyer represents and warrants to the Company that:

a.
Investment Purpose. As of the date hereof, the Buyer is purchasing the the Note and a Warrant (the Note, a Warrant, the shares
of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note (including, without limitation, such additional shares
of Common Stock, if any, as are issuable (i) on account of interest on the Note (ii) as a result of the events described in Sections
1.3 and 1.4(g) of the Note or (iii) in payment of the Standard Liquidated Damages Amount (as defined in Section 2(f) below) pursuant
to this Agreement, such shares of Common Stock being collectively referred to herein as the Conversion Shares, and shares
of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of or otherwise pursuant to the Warrants (the Exercise Shares) shall collectively
be referred to as the Securities) for its own account and not with a present view towards the public sale or distribution
thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted from registration under the 1933 Act; provided, however, that
by making the representations herein, the Buyer does not agree to hold any of the Securities for any minimum or other specific term and
reserves the right to dispose of the Securities at any time in accordance with or pursuant to a registration statement or an exemption
under the 1933 Act. For purposes of this Agreement, the Note and the transactions contemplated thereby, and the Conversion Shares shall
be referred to as the Securities

b.
Accredited Investor Status. The Buyer is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation
D (an Accredited Investor).

c.
Reliance on Exemptions. The Buyer understands that the Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance upon specific exemptions
from the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth
and accuracy of, and the Buyers compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements,acknowledgments and understandings
of the Buyer set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the Buyer to acquire the
Securities.

2

d.
Information. The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been, and for so long as the Note remain outstanding will continue to be,
furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and
sale of the Securities which have been requested by the Buyer or its advisors. The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been, and for
so long as the Note remains outstanding will continue to be, afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the Company. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company has not disclosed to the Buyer any material nonpublic information and will not disclose such information unless
such information is disclosed to the public prior to or promptly following such disclosure to the Buyer. Neither such inquiries nor any
other due diligence investigation conducted by Buyer or any of its advisors or representatives shall modify, amend or affect Buyers
right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in Section 3 below. The Buyer understands that its investment
in the Securities involves a significant degree of risk. The Buyer is not aware of any facts that may constitute a breach of any of the
Companys representations and warranties made herein.

e.
Governmental Review. The Buyer understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental
agency has passed upon or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities.

f.
Transfer or Re-sale. The Buyer understands that (i) the Securities may not be transferred unless (a) the Securities are sold pursuant
to an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act, (b) the Buyer shall have delivered to the Company, at the cost of the Company,
an opinion of counsel that shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions to the
effect that the Securities to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration, which
opinion shall be accepted by the Company, (c) the Securities are sold or transferred to an affiliate (as defined in Rule
144 promulgated under the 1933 Act (or a successor rule) (Rule 144)) of the Buyer who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer
the Securities only in accordance with this Section 2(f) and who is an Accredited Investor, (d) the Securities are sold pursuant to Rule
144 or other applicable exemption, or (e) the Securities are sold pursuant to Regulation S under the 1933 Act (or a successor rule) (Regulation
S), and the Buyer shall have delivered to the Company, at the cost of the Company, an opinion of counsel that shall be in form,
substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in corporate transactions, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company; (ii)
any sale of such Securities made in reliance on Rule 144 may be made only in accordance with the terms of said Rule and further, if said
Rule is not applicable, any re-sale of such Securities under circumstances in which the seller (or the person through whom the sale is
made) may be deemed to be an underwriter (as that term is defined in the 1933 Act) may require compliance with some other exemption under
the 1933 Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder; and (iii) neither the Company nor any other person is under any obligation
to register such Securities under the 1933 Act or any state securities laws or to comply with the terms and conditions of any exemption
thereunder (in each case). In the event that the Company does not accept the opinion of counsel provided by the Buyer with respect to
the transfer of Securities pursuant to an exemption from registration, such as Rule 144 or Regulation S, within three (3) business days
of delivery of the opinion to the Company, the Company shall pay to the Buyer liquidated damages of five percent (5%) of the outstanding
amount of the Note per day plus accrued and unpaid interest on the Note, prorated for partial months, in cash or shares at the option
of the Buyer (Standard Liquidated Damages Amount). If the Buyer elects to be pay the Standard Liquidated Damages Amount
in shares of Common Stock, such shares shall be issued at the Conversion Price (as defined in the Note) at the time of payment. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, in the event that the lack of acceptance is due to errors or legal deficiencies in said opinion of counsel, no such liquidated
damages are due or payable.

3

g.
Legends. The Buyer understands that the Note, Warrant, Conversion Shares, and/or Exercise Shares, have not been registered under
the 1933 Act and may only be sold pursuant to Rule 144 or Regulation S or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the
number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, the Conversion Shares, may bear a restrictive legend
in substantially the following form (and a stop-transfer order may be placed against transfer of the certificates for such Securities):

NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE EXERCISABLE
HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED
FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM,
THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT OR OTHER APPLICABLE
EXEMPTION. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR
FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.

The
legend set forth above shall be removed and the Company shall issue a certificate or book entry statement without such legend to the
holder of any Security upon which it is stamped, if, unless otherwise required by applicable state securities laws, (a) such Security
is registered for sale under an effective registration statement filed under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144
or Regulation S or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can
then be immediately sold, or (b) such holder provides the Company with an opinion of counsel, in form, substance and scope customary
for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Security may be made without
registration under the 1933 Act, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected. The Buyer agrees
to sell all Securities, including those represented by a certificate(s) or a book entry statement(s) from which the legend has been removed,
in compliance with applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any. In the event that the Company does not accept the opinion of
counsel provided by the Buyer with respect to the transfer of Securities pursuant to an exemption from registration, such as Rule 144
or Regulation S, at the Deadline, it will be considered an Event of Default pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Note.

h.
Authorization; Enforcement. This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered
on behalf of the Buyer, and this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Buyer enforceable in accordance with its
terms.

i.
Residency. The Buyer is organized in the jurisdiction set forth in the

preamble.

3.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY. The Company represents and warrants to the Buyer that:

a.
Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries (as defined below), if any, is a corporation or other
entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated, with full
power and authority (corporate and other) to own, lease, use and operate its properties and to carry on its business as and where now
owned, leased, used, operated and conducted. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is duly qualified as a foreign corporation or other
entity to do business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction in which its ownership or use of property or the nature of the business
conducted by it makes such qualification necessary except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing would not have a Material
Adverse Effect. Material Adverse Effect means any material adverse effect on the business, operations, assets, financial
condition or prospects of the Company or its Subsidiaries, if any, taken as a whole, or on the transactions contemplated hereby or by
the agreements or instruments to be entered into in connection herewith. Subsidiaries means any corporation or other organization,
whether incorporated or unincorporated, in which the Company owns, directly or indirectly, any equity or other ownership interest.

4

b.
Authorization; Enforcement. (i) The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement,
the Note and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and to issue the Securities, in accordance with the terms
hereof and thereof, (ii) the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Note by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby (including without limitation, the issuance of the Note and the issuance and reservation for issuance
of the Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion or exercise thereof) have been duly authorized by the Companys Board of Directors
and no further consent or authorization of the Company, its Board of Directors, or its shareholders is required, (iii) this Agreement
has been duly executed and delivered by the Company by its authorized representative, and such authorized representative is the true
and official representative with authority to sign this Agreement and the other documents executed in connection herewith and bind the
Company accordingly, and (iv) this Agreement constitutes, and upon execution and delivery by the Company of the Note, each of such instruments
will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms.

c.
Capitalization. As of the date hereof, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of: 250,000,000 shares of Common Stock,
of which approximately [ ] shares are issued and outstanding. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, no shares are reserved for issuance
pursuant to the Companys stock option plans, no shares are reserved for issuance pursuant to securities (other than the Note and
any other promissory note issued to the Buyer) exercisable for, or convertible into or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock. All of
such outstanding shares of capital stock are, or upon issuance will be, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.
No shares of capital stock of the Company are subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights of the shareholders of the Company
or any liens or encumbrances imposed through the actions or failure to act of the Company. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents,
as of the effective date of this Agreement, (i) there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe for, puts, calls,
rights of first refusal, agreements, understandings, claims or other commitments or rights of any character whatsoever relating to, or
securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or arrangements
by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound to issue additional shares of capital stock of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) there are no agreements or arrangements under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is obligated
to register the sale of any of its or their securities under the 1933 Act and (iii) there are no anti-dilution or price adjustment provisions
contained in any security issued by the Company (or in any agreement providing rights to security holders) that will be triggered by
the issuance of the Note or the Conversion Shares. The Company has filed in its SEC Documents true and correct copies of the Companys
Certificate of Incorporation as in effect on the date hereof (Certificate of Incorporation), the Companys By-laws,
as in effect on the date hereof (the By- laws), and the terms of all securities convertible into or exercisable for Common
Stock of the Company and the material rights of the holders thereof in respect thereto.

5

d.
Issuance of Note, Warrant, and Shares. The issuance of the Note and Warrant are duly authorized and, upon issuance in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and free from all preemptive or similar rights,
taxes, liens, charges and other encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof. The Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares are duly authorized
and reserved for issuance and, upon conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrant in accordance with its respective terms, will
be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof
and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Company and will not impose personal liability
upon the holder thereof.

e.
Acknowledgment of Dilution. The Company understands and acknowledges the potentially dilutive effect to the Common Stock upon
the issuance of the Conversion Shares upon conversion of the Note or upon the issuance of the Exercise Shares upon exercise of the Warrant.
The Company further acknowledges that its obligation to issue Conversion Shares upon conversion of the Note in accordance with this Agreement
and the Note, is absolute and unconditional regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have on the ownership interests
of other shareholders of the Company, subject to any stockholder approval requirements of the Nasdaq Capital Market.

f.
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, and the Note, by the Company and the consummation by
the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance and reservation for issuance
of the Conversion Shares) will not (i) conflict with or result in a violation of any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or
By-laws, or (ii) violate or conflict with, or result in a breach of any provision of, or constitute a default (or an event which with
notice or lapse of time or both could become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or
cancellation of, any agreement, indenture, patent, patent license or instrument to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a
party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities
laws and regulations and regulations of any self-regulatory organizations to which the Company or its securities are subject) applicable
to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or affected
(except for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations as would not, individually
or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of its Certificate
of Incorporation, By-laws or other organizational documents and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in default (and no
event has occurred which with notice or lapse of time or both could put the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in default) under, and
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has taken any action or failed to take any action that would give to others any rights
of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries is a party or by which any property or assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or affected, except for
possible defaults as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. The businesses of the Company and its
Subsidiaries, if any, are not being conducted, and shall not be conducted so long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, in violation
of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental entity. Except as specifically contemplated by this Agreement and as required
under the 1933 Act and any applicable state securities laws, the Company is not required to obtain any consent, authorization or order
of, or make any filing or registration with, any court, governmental agency, regulatory agency, self-regulatory organization or stock
market or any third party in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under this Agreement, the Note in accordance
with the terms hereof or thereof or to issue and sell the Note in accordance with the terms hereof and to issue the Conversion Shares
upon conversion of the Note. All consents, authorizations, orders, filings and registrations which the Company is required to obtain
pursuant to the preceding sentence have been obtained or effected on or prior to the date hereof. The Company is not in violation of
the listing requirements of the OTC Pink (the OTC Pink), the OTCQB or any similar quotation system, and does not reasonably
anticipate that the Common Stock will be delisted by the OTC Pink, the OTCQB or any similar quotation system, in the foreseeable future
nor are the Companys securities chilled by DTC. The Company and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances
which might give rise to any of the foregoing.

6

g.
SEC Documents; Financial Statements. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, the Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms,
statements and other documents required to be filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act) since February 29, 2024 (all of the foregoing filed prior to the date hereof and
all exhibits included therein and financial statements and schedules thereto and documents (other than exhibits to such documents) incorporated
by reference therein, being hereinafter referred to herein as the SEC Documents). The Company has delivered to the Buyer
true and complete copies of the SEC Documents, except for such exhibits and incorporated documents. As of their respective dates, the
SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated
thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents, at the time they were filed with the SEC, contained any untrue
statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. None of the statements made in any such SEC Documents
is, or has been, required to be amended or updated under applicable law (except for such statements as have been amended or updated in
subsequent filings prior the date hereof). As of their respective dates, the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC
Documents complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations
of the SEC with respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting
principles, consistently applied, during the periods involved and fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial
position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the consolidated results of their operations and
cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments). Except as
set forth in the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents, the Company has no liabilities, contingent or otherwise,
other than (i) liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business subsequent to December 31, 2024, and (ii) obligations under contracts
and commitments incurred in the ordinary course of business and not required under generally accepted accounting principles to be reflected
in such financial statements, which, individually or in the aggregate, are not material to the financial condition or operating results
of the Company. The Company is subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act. For the avoidance of doubt, filing of the documents
required in this Section 3(g) via the SECs Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval system (EDGAR) shall
satisfy all delivery requirements of this Section 3(g).

h.
Absence of Certain Changes. Since February 29, 2024, except as set forth in the SEC Documents, there has been no material adverse
change and no material adverse development in the assets, liabilities, business, properties, operations, financial condition, results
of operations, prospects or 1934 Act reporting status of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

i.
Absence of Litigation. There is no action, suit, claim, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board,
government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, threatened
against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or their officers or directors in their capacity as such, that could have
a Material Adverse Effect. Schedule 3(i) contains a complete list and summary description of any pending or, to the knowledge of the
Company, threatened proceeding against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, without regard to whether it would have a
Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the
foregoing.

j.
Patents, Copyrights, etc. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns or possesses the requisite licenses or rights to use all
patents, patent applications, patent rights, inventions, know-how, trade secrets, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks,
service names, trade names and copyrights (Intellectual Property) necessary to enable it to conduct its business as now
operated (and, as presently contemplated to be operated in the future). Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, there is no claim or
action by any person pertaining to, or proceeding pending, or to the Companys knowledge threatened, which challenges the right
of the Company or of a Subsidiary with respect to any Intellectual Property necessary to enable it to conduct its business as now operated
(and, as presently contemplated to be operated in the future); to the best of the Companys knowledge, the Companys or its
Subsidiaries current and intended products, services and processes do not infringe on any Intellectual Property or other rights
held by any person; and the Company is unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing. The Company
and each of its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of their Intellectual
Property.

7

k.
No Materially Adverse Contracts, Etc. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any charter, corporate or
other legal restriction, or any judgment, decree, order, rule or regulation which in the judgment of the Companys officers has
or is expected in the future to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any contract
or agreement which in the judgment of the Companys officers has or is expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

l.
Tax Status. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has made or filed all federal, state and foreign income and all other tax
returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject (unless and only to the extent that the Company
and each of its Subsidiaries has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate for the payment of all unpaid and unreported taxes)
and has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such
returns, reports and declarations, except those being contested in good faith and has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate
for the payment of all taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no
unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company know
of no basis for any such claim. The Company has not executed a waiver with respect to the statute of limitations relating to the assessment
or collection of any foreign, federal, state or local tax. None of the Companys tax returns is presently being audited by any
taxing authority.

m.
Certain Transactions. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents or for arms length transactions pursuant to which the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries makes payments in the ordinary course of business upon terms no less favorable than the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries could obtain from third parties and other than the grant of stock options disclosed on Schedule 3(c), none of the officers,
directors, or employees of the Company is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than
for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing
of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer,
director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any corporation, partnership, trust or other entity in which any officer,
director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee or partner.

n.
Disclosure. All information relating to or concerning the Company or any of its Subsidiaries set forth in this Agreement is true
and correct in all material respects and the Company has not omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements
made herein or therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. No event or circumstance has occurred
or exists with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or its or their business, properties, prospects, operations or financial
conditions, which, under applicable law, rule or regulation, requires public disclosure or announcement by the Company but which has
not been so publicly announced or disclosed (assuming for this purpose that the Companys reports filed under the 1934 Act are
being incorporated into an effective registration statement filed by the Company under the 1933 Act).

8

o.
Acknowledgment Regarding Buyer Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Buyer is acting solely
in the capacity of arms length purchasers with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company
further acknowledges that the Buyer is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with
respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and any statement made by the Buyer or any of its representatives
or agents in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby is not advice or a recommendation and is merely
incidental to the Buyer purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to the Buyer that the Companys decision
to enter into this Agreement has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the Company and its representatives.

p.
No Integrated Offering. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has directly
or indirectly made any offers or sales in any security or solicited any offers to buy any security under circumstances that would require
registration under the 1933 Act of the issuance of the Securities to the Buyer. The issuance of the Securities to the Buyer will not
be integrated with any other issuance of the Companys securities (past, current or future) for purposes of any shareholder approval
provisions applicable to the Company or its securities.

q.
Permits; Compliance. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is in possession of all franchises, grants, authorizations, licenses,
permits, easements, variances, exemptions, consents, certificates, approvals and orders necessary to own, lease and operate its properties
and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted (collectively, the Company Permits), and there is no action pending
or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened regarding suspension or cancellation of any of the Company Permits. Neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries is in conflict with, or in default or violation of, any of the Company Permits, except for any such conflicts,
defaults or violations which, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Since
January 31, 2024, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notification with respect to possible conflicts, defaults,
or violations of applicable laws, except for notices relating to possible conflicts, defaults or violations, which conflicts, defaults
or violations would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

9

r.
Environmental Matters.

(i)
There are, to the Companys knowledge, with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any predecessor of the Company,
no past or present violations of Environmental Laws (as defined below), releases of any material into the environment, actions, activities,
circumstances, conditions, events, incidents, or contractual obligations which may give rise to any common law environmental liability
or any liability under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 or similar federal, state, local
or foreign laws and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice with respect to any of the foregoing, nor
is any action pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened in connection with any of the foregoing. The term Environmental
Laws means all federal, state, local or foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including,
without limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including, without limitation, laws
relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances
or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing,
distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes,
decrees, demands or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations
issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder.

(ii)
Other than those that are or were stored, used or disposed of in compliance with applicable law, no Hazardous Materials are contained
on or about any real property currently owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and no Hazardous Materials were
released on or about any real property previously owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries during the period the
property was owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except in the normal course of the Companys or any
of its Subsidiaries business.

(iii)
There are no underground storage tanks on or under any real property owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
that are not in compliance with applicable law.

s.
Title to Property. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents the Company and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in
fee simple to all real property and good and marketable title to all personal property owned by them which is material to the business
of the Company and its Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and defects or such as would not have a Material
Adverse Effect. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and its Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting
and enforceable leases with such exceptions as would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

10

t.
Internal Accounting Controls. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries maintain a system
of internal accounting controls sufficient, in the judgment of the Companys board of directors, to provide reasonable assurance
that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and to maintain
asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization
and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is
taken with respect to any differences.

u.
Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor any director, officer, agent, employee or other
person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary has, in the course of his actions for, or on behalf of, the Company, used any
corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity; made any
direct or indirect unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee from corporate funds; violated or is in
violation of any provision of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or made any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence
payment, kickback or other unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee.

v.
Solvency. The Company (after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) is solvent (i.e., its assets
have a fair market value in excess of the amount required to pay its probable liabilities on its existing debts as they become absolute
and matured) and currently the Company has no information that would lead it to reasonably conclude that the Company would not, after
giving effect to the transaction contemplated by this Agreement, have the ability to, nor does it intend to take any action that would
impair its ability to, pay its debts from time to time incurred in connection therewith as such debts mature. The Company did not receive
a qualified opinion from its auditors with respect to its most recent fiscal year end other than with respect to its ability to continue
as a going concern and, after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, does not anticipate or
know of any basis upon which its auditors might issue a qualified opinion in respect of its current fiscal year (other than with respect
to its ability to continue as a going concern).

w.
No Investment Company. The Company is not, and upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as contemplated by this Agreement
will not be an investment company required to be registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (an Investment
Company). The Company is not controlled by an Investment Company.

11

x.
Insurance. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such
losses and risks and in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses in which the
Company and its Subsidiaries are engaged. Neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able
to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may
be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Upon written request the Company will
provide to the Buyer true and correct copies of all policies relating to directors and officers liability coverage, errors
and omissions coverage, and commercial general liability coverage.

y.
Bad Actor. No officer or director of the Company would be disqualified under Rule 506(d) of the Securities Act as amended on the
basis of being a bad actor as that term is established in the September 19, 2013 Small Entity Compliance Guide published
by the SEC.

aa.
Shell Status. The Company represents that it is not a shell issuer and that if it previously has been a shell
issuer, that at least twelve (12) months have passed since the Company has reported Form 10 type information indicating that it is no
longer a shell issuer. Further, the Company will instruct its counsel to either (i) write a 144- 3(a)(9) opinion to allow
for salability of the Conversion Shares or (ii) accept such opinion from Holders counsel.

bb.
No-Off Balance Sheet Arrangements. There is no transaction, arrangement, or other relationship between the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries and an unconsolidated or other off balance sheet entity that is required to be disclosed by the Company in its 1934 Act
filings and is not so disclosed or that otherwise could be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

cc. Manipulation
of Price. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has: (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any
action designed to cause or to result, or that could reasonably be expected to cause or result, in the stabilization or manipulation
of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for,
purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any person
any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company.

dd.
Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Company and each Subsidiary is in material compliance with all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 that are effective as of the date hereof, and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC thereunder that
are effective as of the date hereof.

12

ee.
Employee Relations. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any collective bargaining agreement or employs
any member of a union. The Company believes that its and its Subsidiaries relations with their respective employees are good.
No executive officer (as defined in Rule 501(f) promulgated under the 1933 Act) or other key employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
has notified the Company or any such Subsidiary that such officer intends to leave the Company or any such Subsidiary or otherwise terminate
such officers employment with the Company or any such Subsidiary. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer or other
key employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment
contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement, non- competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement
or any restrictive covenant, and the continued employment of each such executive officer or other key employee (as the case may be) does
not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its
Subsidiaries are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations respecting labor, employment and employment
practices and benefits, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where failure to be in compliance would not, either
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

ff.
Breach of Representations and Warranties by the Company. The Company agrees that if the Company breaches any of the representations
or warranties set forth in this Section 3, and in addition to any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement and
it being considered an Event of Default under Section 3.5 of the Note, the Company shall pay to the Buyer the Standard Liquidated Damages
Amount in cash or in shares of Common Stock at the option of the Company, until such breach is cured. If the Company elects to pay the
Standard Liquidated Damages Amounts in shares of Common Stock, such shares shall be issued at the Conversion Price at the time of payment.

4.
COVENANTS.

a.
Best Efforts. The parties shall use their commercially reasonable best efforts to satisfy timely each of the conditions described
in Section 7 and 8 of this Agreement.

b.
Form D; Blue Sky Laws. If requested by Buyer, the Company agrees to file a Form D with respect to the Securities as required under
Regulation D and to provide a copy thereof to the Buyer promptly after such filing. The Company shall, on or before the Closing Date,
take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary to qualify the Securities for sale to the Buyer at the applicable
closing pursuant to this Agreement under applicable securities or blue sky laws of the states of the United States (or
to obtain an exemption from such qualification), and shall provide evidence of any such action so taken to the Buyer on or prior to the
Closing Date.

c.
Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the proceeds from the sale of the Note for working capital, other general corporate purposes,
and shall not, directly or indirectly, use such proceeds for any loan to or investment in any other corporation, partnership, enterprise
or other person (except in connection with its currently existing direct or indirect Subsidiaries).

d.
The Buyer is Not a Dealer. The Buyer and the Company hereby acknowledge and agree that the Buyer has not: (i) acted
as an underwriter; (ii) acted as a market maker or specialist; (iii) acted as de facto market maker; or (iv) conducted
any other professional market activities such as providing investment advice, extending credit and lending securities in connection;
and thus that the Buyer is not a Dealer as such term is defined in the 1934 Act.

13

e.
Expenses. The parties shall each pay for any and all of their own expenses incurred by them in connection with the negotiation,
preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other agreements to be executed in connection herewith (Documents),
including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys and consultants fees and expenses, transfer agent fees, fees for stock
quotation services, fees relating to any amendments or modifications of the Documents or any consents or waivers of provisions in the
Documents, fees for the preparation of opinions of counsel, escrow fees, and costs of restructuring the transactions contemplated by
the Documents.

f. Financial
Information. The Company agrees to send or make available the following reports to the Buyer until the Buyer transfers, assigns,
or sells all of the Securities: (i) within ten (10) days after the filing with the SEC, a copy of its Annual Report on Form
10-K its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and any Current Reports on Form 8-K; (ii) within one (1) day after release, copies of all
press releases issued by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; and (iii) contemporaneously with the making available or giving to
the shareholders of the Company, copies of any notices or other information the Company makes available or gives to such
shareholders. For the avoidance of doubt, filing the documents required in (i) above via EDGAR or releasing any documents set forth
in (ii) above via a recognized wire service shall satisfy the delivery requirements of this Section 4(f).

g.
Listing. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to promptly secure the listing of the Conversion Shares upon each national
securities exchange or automated quotation system, if any, upon which shares of Common Stock are then listed (subject to official notice
of issuance) and, so long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, shall maintain, so long as any other shares of Common Stock shall
be so listed, such listing of all Conversion Shares from time to time issuable upon conversion of the Note. The Company will use its
reasonable best efforts to obtain and, so long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, maintain the listing and trading of its Common
Stock on the OTC Pink, OTCQB or any equivalent replacement exchange, the Nasdaq Global Market (Nasdaq-GM), the Nasdaq Capital
Market (Nasdaq-CM), the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), or the NYSE American and will use its reasonable
best efforts to comply in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of
the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) and such exchanges, as applicable. The Company shall promptly provide
to the Buyer, following the public disclosure of such documentation if required, copies of any material notices it receives from the
OTC Pink, OTCQB and any other exchanges or quotation systems on which the Common Stock is then listed regarding the continued eligibility
of the Common Stock for listing on such exchanges and quotation systems.

14

h.
No Integration. The Company shall not make any offers or sales of any security (other than the Securities) under circumstances
that would require registration of the Securities being offered or sold hereunder under the 1933 Act or cause the offering of the Securities
to be integrated with any other offering of securities by the Company for the purpose of any stockholder approval provision applicable
to the Company or its securities.

i.
Failure to Comply with the 1934 Act. So long as the Buyer beneficially owns the Note, the Company shall use its reasonable best
efforts to comply with the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act; and to continue to be subject to the reporting requirements of the
1934 Act.

j.
Restriction on Activities. Commencing as of the date first above written, and until the sooner of the twelve (12) month anniversary
of the date first written above or payment of the Note in full, or full conversion of the Note, the Company shall not, directly or indirectly,
without the Buyers prior written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld: (a) change the nature of its business
to an unrelated industry; (b) sell, divest, acquire, change the structure of any material assets other than in the ordinary course of
business; or (c) solicit any offers for, respond to any unsolicited offers for, or conduct any negotiations with any other person or
entity in respect of any variable rate debt transactions (i.e., transactions were the conversion or exercise price of the security issued
by the Company varies based on the market price of the Common Stock) with a price per share below $3.10, whether a transaction similar
to the one contemplated hereby or any other investment.

k.
Legal Counsel Opinions. Upon the request of the Buyer from to time to time, the Company shall be responsible (at its cost) for
promptly supplying to the Companys transfer agent and the Buyer a customary legal opinion letter of its counsel (the Legal
Counsel Opinion) to the effect that the sale of Conversion Shares by the Buyer or its affiliates, successors and assigns is exempt
from the registration requirements of the 1933 Act pursuant to Rule 144 (provided the requirements of Rule 144 are satisfied and provided
the Conversion Shares are not then registered under the 1933 Act for resale pursuant to an effective registration statement) or other
applicable exemption. Should the Companys legal counsel fail for any reason to issue the Legal Counsel Opinion, the Buyer may
(at the Companys cost) secure another legal counsel to issue the Legal Counsel Opinion, and the Company will instruct its transfer
agent to accept such opinion.

15

l.
Piggy-Back Registration Rights. The Company hereby grants to the Buyer piggy-back registration rights on any re-sale S-1 or S-3
Registration Statement; provided, however, that the Companys pending Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-278562)
is excluded from this requirement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any such Securities may be sold pursuant to an exemption
from the registration requirements of the 1933 Act pursuant to Rule 144, such piggy-back registration rights shall expire automatically.

m.
Breach of Covenants. The Company agrees that if the Company breaches any of the covenants set forth in this Section 4, and in
addition to any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered an Event of Default under Section
3.4 of the Note, the Company shall pay to the Buyer the Standard Liquidated Damages Amount in cash or in shares of Common Stock at the
option of the Buyer, until such breach is cured, or with respect to Section 4(d) above, the Company shall pay to the Buyer the Standard
Liquidated Damages Amount in cash or shares of Common Stock, at the option of the Buyer, upon each violation of such provision. If the
Company elects to pay the Standard Liquidated Damages Amounts in shares of Common Stock, such shares shall be issued at the Conversion
Price at the time of payment.

n.
SEC Disclosures. The Company agrees to include disclosure of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein, including,
without limitation, the name of the Buyer, in its Annual Report on Form 10-K, its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and any Current Reports
on Form 8-K (as applicable) as required by SEC rules.

5.
Reserved.

16

6.
Transfer Agent Instructions. The Company shall issue irrevocable instructions to its transfer agent to issue certificates, registered
in the name of the Buyer or its nominee, for the Conversion Shares and/or the Exercise Shares in such amounts as specified from time
to time by the Buyer to the Company upon conversion of the Note or exercise of the Warrant in accordance with the terms thereof (the
Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions). In the event that the Company proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Company
shall provide, prior to the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as
initially delivered pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserve shares of Common
Stock in the Reserved Amount) signed by the successor transfer agent to Company and the Company. Prior to registration of the Conversion
Shares and/or the Warrant Shares under the 1933 Act or the date on which the Conversion Shares or Exercise Shares may be sold pursuant
to Rule 144 or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of Securities as of a particular date that can then
be immediately sold, all such certificates shall bear the restrictive legend specified in Section 2(g) of this Agreement. The Company
warrants that: (i) no instruction other than the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions referred to in this Section, and stop transfer
instructions to give effect to Section 2(f) hereof (in the case of the Conversion Shares or Warrant Shares, prior to registration of
the Conversion Shares or Warrant Shares under the 1933 Act or the date on which the Conversion Shares and/or Warrant Shares may be sold
pursuant to Rule 144 or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of Securities as of a particular date that
can then be immediately sold and will be given by the the Company to its transfer agent and that the Securities shall otherwise be freely
transferable on the books and records of the Company as and to the extent provided in this Agreement, the Note, and the Warrant; (ii)
it will not direct its transfer agent not to transfer or delay, impair, and/or hinder its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing)(electronically
or in certificated form) any certificate for Conversion Shares or Warrant Shares under the 1933 Act or the date on which the Conversion
Shares or Warrant Shares are to be issued to the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note and upon exercise of or otherwise
pursuant to the Warrant; and (iii) it will not fail to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove or impairs, delays, and/or
hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on
any certificate for any Conversion Shares or Warrant Shares issued to the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note
and upon exercise of or otherwise pursuant to the Warrant as and when required by the Note, Warrant, and this Agreement. Nothing in this
Section shall affect in any way the Buyers obligations and agreement set forth in Section 2(g) hereof to comply with all applicable
prospectus delivery requirements, if any, upon re-sale of the Securities. If the Buyer provides the Company, at the cost of the Company,
with (i) an opinion of counsel in form, substance and scope customary for opinions in comparable transactions, to the effect that a public
sale or transfer of such Securities may be made without registration under the 1933 Act and such sale or transfer is effected or (ii)
the Buyer provides reasonable assurances that the Securities can be sold pursuant to Rule 144 or other applicable exemption, the Company
shall permit the transfer, and, in the case of the Conversion Shares and/or the Warrant Shares, promptly instruct its transfer agent
to issue one or more certificates, free from restrictive legend, in such name and in such denominations as specified by the Buyer. The
Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer, by vitiating the intent
and purpose of the transactions contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its
obligations under this Section may be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions
of this Section, that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any breach
and requiring immediate transfer, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.

7.
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE COMPANYS OBLIGATIONS TO SELL. The obligation of the Company hereunder to issue and sell the
Note to the Buyer at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date of each of the following conditions thereto,
provided that these conditions are for the Companys sole benefit and may be waived by the Company at any time in its sole discretion:

a.
The Buyer shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Company.

17

b.
The Buyer shall have delivered the Purchase Price in accordance with Section 1(b) above.

c.
The representations and warranties of the Buyer shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of
the Closing Date as though made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date), and the Buyer
shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this
Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Buyer at or prior to the Closing Date.

d.
No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated
or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority
over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

8.
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE BUYERS OBLIGATION TO PURCHASE. The obligation of the Buyer hereunder to purchase the Note at
the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date of each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions
are for the Buyers sole benefit and may be waived by the Buyer at any time in its sole discretion:

a.
The Company shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Buyer.

b.
The Company shall have delivered to the Buyer the duly executed Note.

c.
The Company shall have delivered to the Buyer the duly executed Warrant.

d.
The Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, in form and substance satisfactory to the Buyer, shall have been delivered to and acknowledged
in writing by the Companys Transfer Agent.

e.
The representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as
of the Closing Date as though made at such time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date) and the
Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required
by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Closing Date. The Buyer shall have received
a certificate or certificates, executed by the chief executive officer of the Company, dated as of the Closing Date, to the foregoing
effect and as to such other matters as may be reasonably requested by the Buyer including, but not limited to certificates with respect
to the Companys Certificate of Incorporation, By-laws and Board of Directors resolutions relating to the transactions contemplated
hereby.

f.
No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated
or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority
over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

g.
No event shall have occurred which has a Material Adverse Effect on the Company including but not limited to a change in the 1934 Act
reporting status of the Company or the failure of the Company to be timely in its 1934 Act reporting obligations.

h.
The Conversion Shares shall have been authorized for listing of the Conversion Shares upon each national securities exchange or automated
quotation system, if any, upon which shares of Common Stock are then listed, which is currently the Nasdaq-CM.

18

9.
GOVERNING LAW; MISCELLANEOUS.

a.
Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without
regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby shall be brought only in
the state courts located in the State of Delaware or in the federal courts located in the State of Delaware. The parties to this Agreement
hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense
based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT
MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR UNDER ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT
OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY.
The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorneys fees and costs. In the event that
any provision of this Agreement or any other agreement delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable
statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed
modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall
not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any agreement. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service
of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction
Document by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at
the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service
of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner
permitted by law.

b.
Counterparts; Signatures by Facsimile. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed
an original but all of which shall constitute one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed
by each party and delivered to the other party. This Agreement, once executed by a party, may be delivered to the other party hereto
by facsimile transmission of a copy of this Agreement bearing the signature of the party so delivering this Agreement.

c.
Construction; Headings. This Agreement shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Buyer and shall not be construed
against any person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not form part
of, or affect the interpretation of, this Agreement.

d.
Severability. In the event that any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule
of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to
conform with such statute or rule of law. Any provision hereof which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect
the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof.

e.
Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement, the Note, and the instruments referenced herein contain the entire understanding
of the parties with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither
the Company nor the Buyer makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. No provision of this
Agreement may be waived or amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by the Buyer.

19

f.
Notices. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be
in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified,
return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted
by hand delivery, telegram, email, or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified
most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective
(a) upon hand delivery or delivery by email or facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine,
at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received),
or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such
notice is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid,
addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses for such communications
shall be:

If
to the Company, to:

NextTrip,
Inc.

3900
Paseo del Sol

Santa
Fe, NM 87507

Attn:
Bill Kerby

E-mail:
bill.kerby@nexttrip.com

If
to the Buyer:

Alumni
Capital LP

80
S.W. Eighth Street, 20th Floor

Miami,
FL 33131

Attn:
Ashkan Mapar

Email:
ashkan@alumnicapital.com

Each
party shall provide notice to the other party of any change in address.

g.
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and
assigns. Neither the Company nor the Buyer shall assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written
consent of the other. Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to Section 2(f), the Buyer may assign its rights hereunder to any person
that purchases Securities in a private transaction from the Buyer or to any of its affiliates, as that term is defined
under the 1934 Act, without the consent of the Company.

20

h.
Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors
and assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other person.

i.
Survival. The representations and warranties of the Company and the agreements and covenants set forth in this Agreement shall
survive the closing hereunder not withstanding any due diligence investigation conducted by or on behalf of the Buyer. The Company agrees
to indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer and all their officers, directors, employees and agents for loss or damage arising as a result
of or related to any breach or alleged breach by the Company of any of its representations, warranties and covenants set forth in this
Agreement or any of its covenants and obligations under this Agreement, including advancement of expenses as they are incurred.

j.
Further Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and
shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request
in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby.

k.
No Strict Construction. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express
their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party.

l.
Remedies. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer by
vitiating the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law
for a breach of its obligations under this Agreement will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by
the Company of the provisions of this Agreement, that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law
or in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any
breach of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss
and without any bond or other security being required.

m.
Publicity. The Company, and the Buyer shall have the right to review a reasonable period of time before issuance of any press
releases, SEC, Nasdaq-CM or FINRA filings, or any other public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby; provided,
however, that the Company shall be entitled, without the prior approval of the Buyer, to make any press release or SEC, Nasdaq-CM
(or other applicable trading market) or FINRA filings with respect to such transactions as is required by applicable law and regulations
(although the Buyer shall be consulted by the Company in connection with any such press release prior to its release and shall be provided
with a copy thereof and be given an opportunity to comment thereon).

n. Indemnification.
In consideration of the Buyers execution and delivery of this Agreement and acquiring the Securities hereunder, and in
addition to all of the Companys other obligations under this Agreement or the Note, the Company shall defend, protect,
indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer and its stockholders, partners, members, officers, directors, employees and direct or indirect
investors and any of the foregoing persons agents or other representatives (including, without limitation, those retained in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) (collectively, the Indemnitees) from and against any
and all actions, causes of action, suits, claims, losses, costs, penalties, fees, liabilities and damages, and expenses in
connection therewith (irrespective of whether any such Indemnitee is a party to the action for which indemnification hereunder is
sought), and including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements (the Indemnified Liabilities), incurred by
any Indemnitee as a result of, or arising out of, or relating to (a) any misrepresentation or breach of any representation or
warranty made by the Company in this Agreement or the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated
hereby or thereby, (b) any breach of any covenant, agreement or obligation of the Company contained in this Agreement or the Note or
any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby or (c) any cause of action, suit or claim
brought or made against such Indemnitee by a third party (including for these purposes a derivative action brought on behalf of the
Company) and arising out of or resulting from (i) the execution, delivery, performance or enforcement of this Agreement or the Note
or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, (ii) any transaction financed or to be
financed in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, with the proceeds of the issuance of the Securities, or (iii) the status of
the Buyer or holder of the Securities as an investor in the Company pursuant to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
other than in the case of this clause (c), as result of the gross negligence, willful misconduct or violation of law by the Buyer or
any Indemnitee. To the extent that the foregoing undertaking by the Company may be unenforceable for any reason, the Company shall
make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities that is permissible under
applicable law.

[signature
page follows]

21

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Buyer and the Company have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

NEXTTRIP,
INC.

/s/
Bill Kerby 

Name: Bill
Kerby 

Title: CEO 

Date: 4/1/2025 

ALUMNI
CAPITAL LP

By:
ALUMNI
CAPITAL GP LLC 

/s/
Ashkan Mapar 

Name: Ashkan
Mapar 

Title: Manager 

Date: 4/1/2025 

22
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE
HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED
FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM,
THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT OR OTHER APPLICABLE
EXEMPTION. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR
FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.

Principal
Amount: US$360,000.00 Issue
Date: April 1, 2025

Purchase
Price: US$300,000.00 

PROMISSORY
NOTE

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, Nexttrip, Inc., a Nevada corporation (hereinafter called the
Borrower) (Trading Symbol: NTRP), hereby promises to pay to the order of Alumni Capital LP, a Delaware limited partnership,
or registered assigns (the Holder) the sum of US$360,000.00 (the Principal) together with guaranteed interest
(the Interest) on the Principal balance hereof in the amount of ten percent (10%) (the Interest Rate) per
calendar year from the date hereof (the Issue Date). All Principal and Interest owing hereunder, along with any and all
other amounts, shall be due and owing on July 1, 2025 (the Maturity Date). Interest shall accrue on a monthly basis and
is payable on the first of each month following the Issue Date or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the final payment of Principal and Interest shall be due on the Maturity Date. This Note may be prepaid in whole or in part
as set forth herein. Any amount of Principal or Interest on this Note which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of the
lesser of (i) twenty-two percent (22%) per annum and (ii) the maximum amount permitted under law from the due date thereof until the
same is paid (the Default Interest). Default Interest shall commence accruing upon an Event of Default and shall be computed
on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed. All payments due hereunder (to the extent not converted into common
stock, $0.001 par value per share (the Common Stock) in accordance with the terms hereof) shall be made in lawful money
of the United States of America. All payments shall be made at such address as the Holder shall hereafter give to the Borrower by written
notice made in accordance with the provisions of this Note. Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Note is due
on any day which is not a business day, the same shall instead be due on the next succeeding day which is a business day and, in the
case of any interest payment date which is not the date on which this Note is paid in full, the extension of the due date thereof shall
not be taken into account for purposes of determining the amount of interest due on such date. As used in this Note, the term business
day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which commercial banks in the city of New York, New York are
authorized or required by law or executive order to remain closed. Each capitalized term used herein, and not otherwise defined, shall
have the meaning ascribed thereto in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated the date hereof, pursuant to which this Note was
originally issued (the Purchase Agreement).

This
Note carries an original issue discount of $60,000 (the OID), to cover the Holders monitoring costs associated with
the purchase and sale of the Note, which is included in the principal balance of this Note. Thus, the purchase price of this Note shall
be $300,000 computed as follows: the Principal Amount minus the OID.

This
Note is free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive
rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Borrower and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof.

The
following terms shall also apply to this Note:

ARTICLE
I. CONVERSION RIGHTS UPON EVENT OF DEFAULT

1.1
Conversion Right. The Holder shall have the right, from time to time following an Event of Default, and ending on the date
of payment of the Default Amount (as defined in Article III) pursuant to Section 1.6(a) or Article III, each in respect of the remaining
outstanding principal amount of this Note to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal, interest, penalties, and
all other amounts under this Note into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock, as such Common Stock exists on the Issue
Date, or any shares of capital stock or other securities of the Borrower into which such Common Stock shall hereafter be changed or reclassified
at the Conversion Price (as defined below) determined as provided herein (a Conversion); provided, however,
that in no event shall the Holder be entitled to convert any portion of this Note in excess of that portion of this Note upon conversion
of which the sum of (1) the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its affiliates (other than shares of
Common Stock which may be deemed beneficially owned through the ownership of the unconverted portion of the Notes or the unexercised
or unconverted portion of any other security of the Borrower subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitations
contained herein) and (2) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the portion of this Note with respect
to which the determination of this proviso is being made, would result in beneficial ownership by the Holder and its affiliates of more
than 9.99% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or would exceed 19.99% of the Companys outstanding Common Stock as of the
date hereof (the Exchange Cap). For purposes of the proviso to the immediately preceding sentence, beneficial ownership
shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act),
and Regulations 13D-G thereunder, except as otherwise provided in clause (1) of such proviso. The number of shares of Common Stock to
be issued upon each conversion of this Note shall be determined by dividing the Conversion Amount (as defined below) by the applicable
Conversion Price then in effect on the date specified in the notice of conversion, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Notice
of Conversion), delivered to the Borrower or Borrowers transfer agent by the Holder in accordance with Section 1.4 below;
provided that the Notice of Conversion is submitted by facsimile or e-mail (or by other means resulting in, or reasonably expected to
result in, notice) to the Borrower or Borrowers transfer agent before 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time on such conversion date
(the Conversion Date). The term Conversion Amount means, with respect to any conversion of this Note, the
sum of (1) the principal amount of this Note to be converted in such conversion plus (2) at the Holders option, accrued
and unpaid interest, if any, on such principal amount at the interest rates provided in this Note to the Conversion Date, provided however,
that the Borrower shall have the right to pay any or all interest in cash plus (3) at the Holders option, Default Interest,
if any, on the amounts referred to in the immediately preceding clauses (1) and/or (2) plus (4) at the Holders option,
any amounts owed to the Holder pursuant to Sections 1.3 and 1.4(g) hereof.

2

1.2
Conversion Price.

Calculation
of Conversion Price. Subject to the adjustments described herein, the conversion price (the Conversion Price) shall
equal eighty percent (80%) of the lowest traded price of the Common Stock during the twenty (20) Business Days prior to a Notice of Conversion.
To the extent the Conversion Price of the Borrowers Common Stock closes below the par value per share, the Borrower will take
all steps necessary to solicit the consent of the stockholders to reduce the par value to the lowest value possible under law. The Borrower
agrees to honor all conversions submitted pending this adjustment. If the shares of the Borrowers Common Stock have not been delivered
within one (1) business day to the Borrower or Borrowers transfer agent, the Notice of Conversion may be rescinded. At any time
after the Closing Date, if in the case that the Borrowers Common Stock is not deliverable by DWAC (including if the Borrowers
transfer agent has a policy prohibiting or limiting delivery of shares of the Borrowers Common Stock specified in a Notice of
Conversion), an additional 10% discount will apply for all future conversions under all Notes until DWAC delivery becomes available.
If in the case that the Borrowers Common Stock is chilled for deposit into the DTC system and only eligible for
clearing deposit, a 15% discount shall apply for all future conversions under all Note until such chill is lifted. Additionally, if the
Borrower ceases to be a reporting company pursuant to the 1934 Act or if the Note cannot be converted into free trading shares after
one hundred eighty-one (181) days from the Issue Date (other than as a result of the Holders status as an affiliate of the Company),
an additional 15% discount will be attributed to the Conversion Price. If the trading price cannot be calculated for such security on
such date in the manner provided above, the trading price shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Borrower and the
Holder. Trading Day shall mean any day on which the Common Stock is tradable for any period on the OTC Pink, OTCQB or on
the principal securities exchange or other securities market on which the Common Stock is then being traded. The Borrower shall be responsible
for the fees of its transfer agent and all DTC fees associated with any such issuance. Holder shall be entitled to deduct $500.00 from
the conversion amount in each Notice of Conversion to cover Holders deposit fees associated with each Notice of Conversion.

While
this Note is outstanding, each time any 3rd party has the right to convert monies owed to that 3rd party (or receive
shares pursuant to a settlement or otherwise), including but not limited to under Section 3(a)(9) and Section 3(a)(10), at a discount
to market greater than the Conversion Price in effect at that time (prior to all other applicable adjustments in the Note), but excluding
any 3rd party loans that are already outstanding on the Issue Date, then the Holder, in Holders sole discretion, may
utilize such greater discount percentage (prior to all applicable adjustments in this Note) until this Note is no longer outstanding.
While this Note is outstanding, each time any 3rd party has a look back period greater than the look back period in effect
under the Note at that time, including but not limited to under Section 3(a)(9) and Section 3(a)(10), then the Holder, in Holders
sole discretion, may utilize such greater number of look back days until this Note is no longer outstanding. The Borrower shall give
written notice to the Holder within one (2) business days of becoming aware of any event that could permit the Holder to make any adjustment
described in the two immediately preceding sentences.

3

(a)
Conversion Price During Major Announcements. Notwithstanding anything contained in Section 1.2(a) to the contrary, in the event
the Borrower (i) makes a public announcement that it intends to consolidate or merge with any other corporation (other than a merger
in which the Borrower is the surviving or continuing corporation) or sell or transfer all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower
or (ii) any person, group or entity (including the Borrower) publicly announces a tender offer to purchase 50% or more of the Borrowers
Common Stock (or any other takeover scheme) (the date of the announcement referred to in clause (i) or (ii) is hereinafter referred to
as the Announcement Date), then the Conversion Price shall, effective upon the Announcement Date and continuing through
the Adjusted Conversion Price Termination Date (as defined below), be equal to the lower of (x) the Conversion Price which would have
been applicable for a Conversion occurring on the Announcement Date and (y) the Conversion Price that would otherwise be in effect. From
and after the Adjusted Conversion Price Termination Date, the Conversion Price shall be determined as set forth in this Section 1.2(a).
For purposes hereof, Adjusted Conversion Price Termination Date shall mean, with respect to any proposed transaction or
tender offer (or takeover scheme) for which a public announcement as contemplated by this Section 1.2(b) has been made, the date upon
which the Borrower (in the case of clause (i) above) or the person, group or entity (in the case of clause (ii) above) consummates or
publicly announces the termination or abandonment of the proposed transaction or tender offer (or takeover scheme) which caused this
Section 1.2(b) to become operative.

(b)
Pro Rata Conversion; Disputes. In the event of a dispute as to the number of shares of Common Stock issuable to the Holder in
connection with a conversion of this Note, the Borrower shall issue to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock not in dispute
and resolve such dispute in accordance with Section 4.13.

(c)
If at any time the Conversion Price as determined hereunder for any conversion would be less than
the par value of the Common Stock, then the Conversion Price hereunder shall equal such par value for such conversion and the Conversion
Amount for such conversion shall be increased to include Additional Principal, where Additional Principal means such additional
amount to be added to the Conversion Amount to the extent necessary to cause the number of conversion shares issuable upon such conversion
to equal the same number of conversion shares as would have been issued had the Conversion Price not been subject to the minimum price
set forth in this Section 1.2(c).

4

1.3
Authorized Shares. The Borrower covenants that during the period while any outstanding balance is owing hereunder or any conversion
of the Note is available, the Borrower will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares, free
from preemptive rights, to provide for the issuance of Common Stock upon the full conversion of this Note issued pursuant to the Purchase
Agreement. The Borrower is required at all times to have authorized and reserved at least three (3) times the number of shares that is
actually issuable upon full conversion of the Note (based on the Conversion Price of the Notes in effect from time to time) (the Reserved
Amount). The Reserved Amount shall be increased from time to time in accordance with the Borrowers obligations pursuant
to Section 3(d) of the Purchase Agreement. The Borrower represents that upon issuance, such shares will be duly and validly issued, fully
paid and non-assessable. In addition, if the Borrower shall issue any securities or make any change to its capital structure which would
change the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Notes shall be convertible at the then current Conversion Price, the Borrower
shall at the same time make proper provision so that thereafter there shall be a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock authorized
and reserved, free from preemptive rights, for conversion of the outstanding Notes. The Borrower (i) acknowledges that it has irrevocably
instructed its transfer agent to issue certificates for the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note, and (ii) agrees that
its issuance of this Note shall constitute full authority to its officers and agents who are charged with the duty of executing stock
certificates to execute and issue the necessary certificates for shares of Common Stock in accordance with the terms and conditions of
this Note. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Reserved Amount be lower than the initial Reserved Amount, regardless
of any prior conversions.

If,
at any time the Borrower does not maintain or replenish the Reserved Amount as required hereunder within three (3) business days of the
request of the Holder, the principal amount of the Note shall increase by One Thousand and No/100 United States Dollars ($1,000) (under
Holders and Borrowers expectation that any principal amount increase will tack back to the Issue Date) per occurrence.

1.4
Method of Conversion.

(a)
Mechanics of Conversion. Subject to Section 1.1, this Note may be converted by the Holder in whole or in part at any time from
time to time after an Event of Default, by (A) submitting to the Borrower or Borrowers transfer agent a Notice of Conversion (by
facsimile, e-mail or other reasonable means of communication dispatched on the Conversion Date prior to 11:59 p.m., New York, New York
time) and (B) subject to Section 1.4(b), surrendering this Note at the principal office of the Borrower.

(b)
Surrender of Note Upon Conversion. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of this Note in
accordance with the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Borrower unless the entire
unpaid principal amount of this Note is so converted. The Holder and the Borrower shall maintain records showing the principal amount
so converted and the dates of such conversions or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Borrower,
so as not to require physical surrender of this Note upon each such conversion. In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, such records
of the Borrower shall, prima facie, be controlling and determinative in the absence of manifest error. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if any portion of this Note is converted as aforesaid, the Holder may not transfer this Note unless the Holder first physically surrenders
this Note to the Borrower, whereupon the Borrower will forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Note of like tenor,
registered as the Holder (upon payment by the Holder of any applicable transfer taxes) may request, representing in the aggregate the
remaining unpaid principal amount of this Note. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that,
by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following conversion of a portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted principal amount
of this Note represented by this Note may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

5

(c)
Payment of Taxes. The Borrower shall not be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in
the issue and delivery of shares of Common Stock or other securities or property on conversion of this Note in a name other than that
of the Holder (or in street name), and the Borrower shall not be required to issue or deliver any such shares or other securities or
property unless and until the person or persons (other than the Holder or the custodian in whose street name such shares are to be held
for the Holders account) requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Borrower the amount of any such tax or shall have
established to the satisfaction of the Borrower that such tax has been paid.

(d)
Delivery of Common Stock Upon Conversion. Upon receipt by the Borrower from the Holder of a facsimile transmission or e-mail (or
other reasonable means of communication) of a Notice of Conversion meeting the requirements for conversion as provided in this Section
1.4, the Borrower shall issue and deliver or cause to be issued and delivered to or upon the order of the Holder certificates for the
Common Stock issuable upon such conversion within one (1) business day after such receipt (the Deadline) (and, solely in
the case of conversion of the entire unpaid principal amount hereof, surrender of this Note) in accordance with the terms hereof and
the Purchase Agreement.

(e)
Obligation of Borrower to Deliver Common Stock. Upon receipt by the Borrower of a Notice of Conversion, the Holder shall be deemed
to be the holder of record of the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion, the outstanding principal amount and the amount of accrued
and unpaid interest on this Note shall be reduced to reflect such conversion, and, unless the Borrower defaults on its obligations under
this Article I, all rights with respect to the portion of this Note being so converted shall forthwith terminate except the right to
receive the Common Stock or other securities, cash or other assets, as herein provided, on such conversion. If the Holder shall have
given a Notice of Conversion as provided herein, the Borrowers obligation to issue and deliver the certificates for Common Stock
shall be absolute and unconditional, irrespective of the absence of any action by the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent
with respect to any provision thereof, the recovery of any judgment against any person or any action to enforce the same, any failure
or delay in the enforcement of any other obligation of the Borrower to the holder of record, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment,
limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder of any obligation to the Borrower, and irrespective of any other
circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Borrower to the Holder in connection with such conversion. The Conversion
Date specified in the Notice of Conversion shall be the Conversion Date so long as the Notice of Conversion is received by the Borrower
before 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time, on such date.

(f)
Delivery of Common Stock by Electronic Transfer. In lieu of delivering physical certificates representing the Common Stock issuable
upon conversion, provided the Borrower is participating in the Depository Trust Company (DTC) Fast Automated Securities
Transfer (FAST) program, upon request of the Holder and its compliance with the provisions contained in Section 1.1 and
in this Section 1.4, the Borrower shall use its commercially reasonable best efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically transmit
the Common Stock issuable upon conversion to the Holder by crediting the account of Holders Prime Broker with DTC through its
Deposit Withdrawal At Custodian (DWAC) system.

6

(g)
DTC Eligibility & Market Loss. If the Borrower fails to maintain its status as DTC Eligible for any reason,
the principal amount of the Note shall increase by Fifty Thousand and No/100 United States Dollars ($50,000) (under Holders and
Borrowers expectation that any principal amount increase will tack back to the Issue Date) and the Variable Conversion Price shall
be redefined to mean fifty percent (50%) multiplied by the lowest closing bid price during the fifty (50) Business Days prior to a Notice
of Conversion, subject to adjustment as provided in this Note.

(h)
Failure to Deliver Common Stock Prior to Delivery Deadline. Without in any way limiting the Holders right to pursue other
remedies, including actual damages and/or equitable relief, the parties agree that if delivery of the Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of this Note is not delivered by the Deadline (other than a failure due to the circumstances described in Section 1.3 above, which failure
shall be governed by such Section) the Borrower shall pay to the Holder $1,000 per day in cash, for each day beyond the Deadline that
the Borrower fails to deliver such Common Stock until the Borrower issues and delivers a certificate to the Holder or credit the Holders
balance account with OTC for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled upon such Holders conversion
of any Conversion Amount (under Holders and Borrowers expectation that any damages will tack back to the Issue Date). Such
cash amount shall be paid to Holder by the fifth day of the month following the month in which it has accrued or, at the option of the
Holder (by written notice to the Borrower by the first day of the month following the month in which it has accrued), shall be added
to the principal amount of this Note, in which event interest shall accrue thereon in accordance with the terms of this Note and such
additional principal amount shall be convertible into Common Stock in accordance with the terms of this Note. The Borrower agrees that
the right to convert is a valuable right to the Holder. The damages resulting from a failure, attempt to frustrate, interference with
such conversion right are difficult if not impossible to qualify. Accordingly, the parties acknowledge that the liquidated damages provision
contained in this Section 1.4(h) are justified.

(i)
Rescindment of a Notice of Conversion. If (i) the Borrower fails to respond to Holder within one (1) business day from the Conversion
Date confirming the details of Notice of Conversion, (ii) the Borrower fails to provide any of the shares of the Borrowers Common
Stock requested in the Notice of Conversion within three (3) business days from the date of receipt of the Note of Conversion, (iii)
the Holder is unable to procure a legal opinion required to have the shares of the Borrowers Common Stock issued unrestricted
and/or deposited to sell for any reason related to the Borrowers standing, (iv) the Holder is unable to deposit the shares of
the Borrowers Common Stock requested in the Notice of Conversion for any reason related to the Borrowers standing, (v)
at any time after a missed Deadline, at the Holders sole discretion, or (vi) if OTC Markets changes the Borrowers designation
to Limited Information (Yield), No Information (Stop Sign), Caveat Emptor (Skull & Crossbones),
OTC, Other OTC or Grey Market (Exclamation Mark Sign) or other trading restriction on the day
of or any day after the Conversion Date, the Holder maintains the option and sole discretion to rescind the Notice of Conversion (Rescindment)
with a Notice of Rescindment.

7

1.5
Concerning the Shares. The shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note may not be sold or transferred unless
(i) such shares are sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Act or (ii) the Borrower or its transfer agent shall
have been furnished with an opinion of counsel (which opinion shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel
in comparable transactions) to the effect that the shares to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption
from such registration or (iii) such shares are sold or transferred pursuant to Rule 144 under the Act (or a successor rule) (Rule
144) or other applicable exemption or (iv) such shares are transferred to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144)
of the Holder who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the shares only in accordance with this Section 1.5 and who is an Accredited Investor
(as defined in the Purchase Agreement). Except as otherwise provided in the Purchase Agreement (and subject to the removal provisions
set forth below), until such time as the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note have been registered under the
Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of securities
as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, each certificate for shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this
Note that has not been so included in an effective registration statement or that has not been sold pursuant to an effective registration
statement or an exemption that permits removal of the legend, shall bear a legend substantially in the following form, as appropriate:

NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE EXERCISABLE
HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED
FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM,
THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT OR OTHER APPLICABLE
EXEMPTION. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR
FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.

The
legend set forth above shall be removed and the Borrower shall issue to the Holder a new certificate therefore free of any transfer legend
if (i) the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have received an opinion of counsel, in form, substance and scope customary for opinions
of counsel in comparable transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Common Stock may be made without registration
under the Act, which opinion shall be reasonably accepted by the Borrower so that the sale or transfer is effected or (ii) in the case
of the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note, such security is registered for sale by the Holder under an effective registration
statement filed under the Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 or other applicable exemption without any restriction as
to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold. In the event that the Borrower does not accept
the opinion of counsel provided by the Holder with respect to the transfer of Securities pursuant to an exemption from registration,
such as Rule 144 or Regulation S, at the Deadline, it will be considered an Event of Default pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Note.

8

1.6
Effect of Certain Events.

(a)
Effect of Merger, Consolidation, Etc. At the option of the Holder, the sale, conveyance or disposition of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Borrower, the effectuation by the Borrower of a transaction or series of related transactions in which the Borrower
is not the survivor shall either: (i) be deemed to be an Event of Default (as defined in Article III) pursuant to which the Borrower
shall be required to pay to the Holder upon the consummation of and as a condition to such transaction an amount equal to the Default
Amount (as defined in Article III) or (ii) be treated pursuant to Section 1.6(b) hereof. Person shall mean any individual,
corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, trust or other entity or organization.

(b)
Adjustment Due to Merger, Consolidation, Etc. If, at any time when this Note is issued and outstanding and prior to conversion
of all of the Notes, there shall be any merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization, or other similar
event, as a result of which shares of Common Stock of the Borrower shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares of
another class or classes of stock or securities of the Borrower or another entity, or in case of any sale or conveyance of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Borrower other than in connection with a plan of complete liquidation of the Borrower, then the Holder of this
Note shall thereafter have the right to receive upon conversion of this Note, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified
herein and in lieu of the shares of Common Stock immediately theretofore issuable upon conversion, such stock, securities or assets which
the Holder would have been entitled to receive in such transaction had this Note been converted in full immediately prior to such transaction
(without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein), and in any such case appropriate provisions shall be made with respect
to the rights and interests of the Holder of this Note to the end that the provisions hereof (including, without limitation, provisions
for adjustment of the Conversion Price and of the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Note) shall thereafter be applicable,
as nearly as may be practicable in relation to any securities or assets thereafter deliverable upon the conversion hereof. The Borrower
shall not affect any transaction described in this Section 1.6(b) unless (a) it first gives, to the extent practicable, fifteen (15)
days prior written notice (but in any event at least ten (10) days prior written notice) of the record date of the special meeting of
shareholders to approve, or if there is no such record date, the consummation of, such merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization,
reorganization or other similar event or sale of assets (during which time the Holder shall be entitled to convert this Note) and (b)
the resulting successor or acquiring entity (if not the Borrower) assumes by written instrument the obligations of this Section 1.6(b).
The above provisions shall similarly apply to successive consolidations, mergers, sales, transfers or share exchanges.

(c)
Adjustment Due to Distribution. If the Borrower shall declare or make any distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its
assets) to holders of Common Stock as a dividend, stock repurchase, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including any dividend
or distribution to the Borrowers shareholders in cash or shares (or rights to acquire shares) of capital stock of a subsidiary
(i.e., a spin-off)) (a Distribution), then the Holder of this Note shall be entitled, upon any conversion of this Note
after the date of record for determining shareholders entitled to such Distribution, to receive the amount of such assets which would
have been payable to the Holder with respect to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion had such Holder been the holder
of such shares of Common Stock on the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to such Distribution.

9

(d)
Purchase Rights. If, at any time when any Notes are issued and outstanding, the Borrower issues any convertible securities or
rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property (the Purchase Rights) pro rata to the record holders of
any class of Common Stock, then the Holder of this Note will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights,
the aggregate Purchase Rights which such Holder could have acquired if such Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete conversion of this Note (without regard to any limitations on conversion contained herein) immediately before the date
on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which
the record holders of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights.

(e)
Notice of Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price as a result of the events
described in this Section 1.6, the Borrower, at its expense, shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment and prepare and furnish
to the Holder a certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment
or readjustment is based. The Borrower shall, upon the written request at any time of the Holder, furnish to such Holder a like certificate
setting forth (i) such adjustment or readjustment, (ii) the Conversion Price at the time in effect and (iii) the number of shares of
Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other securities or property which at the time would be received upon conversion of the Note.

1.7
Status as Shareholder. Upon submission of a Notice of Conversion by a Holder, (i) the shares covered thereby (other than the shares,
if any, which cannot be issued because their issuance would exceed such Holders allocated portion of the Reserved Amount or Maximum
Share Amount) shall be deemed converted into shares of Common Stock and (ii) the Holders rights as a Holder of such converted
portion of this Note shall cease and terminate, excepting only the right to receive certificates for such shares of Common Stock and
to any remedies provided herein or otherwise available at law or in equity to such Holder because of a failure by the Borrower to comply
with the terms of this Note. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Holder has not received certificates for all shares of Common Stock
prior to the tenth (10th) business day after the expiration of the Deadline with respect to a conversion of any portion of this Note
for any reason, then (unless the Holder otherwise elects to retain its status as a holder of Common Stock by so notifying the Borrower)
the Holder shall regain the rights of a Holder of this Note with respect to such unconverted portions of this Note and the Borrower shall,
as soon as practicable, return such unconverted Note to the Holder or, if the Note has not been surrendered, adjust its records to reflect
that such portion of this Note has not been converted. In all cases, the Holder shall retain all of its rights and remedies (including,
without limitation, (i) the right to receive Conversion Default Payments pursuant to Section 1.3 to the extent required thereby for such
Conversion Default and any subsequent Conversion Default and (ii) the right to have the Conversion Price with respect to subsequent conversions
determined in accordance with Section 1.3) for the Borrowers failure to convert this Note.

10

1.8
Prepayment. The Borrower may at any time pay or prepay all or any portion of the amounts outstanding hereunder by making a payment
to the Holder of an amount in cash equal to the sum of: (w) the then outstanding principal amount of this Note plus (x) accrued
and unpaid interest on the unpaid principal amount of this Note plus (y) Default Interest, if any.

Article
II. CERTAIN COVENANTS

2.1
Distributions on Capital Stock. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not without
the Holders written consent (a) pay, declare or set apart for such payment, any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash,
property or other securities) on shares of capital stock other than dividends on shares of Common Stock solely in the form of additional
shares of Common Stock or (b) directly or indirectly or through any subsidiary make any other payment or distribution in respect of its
capital stock except for distributions pursuant to any shareholders rights plan which is approved by a majority of the Borrowers
disinterested directors.

2.2
Restriction on Stock Repurchases. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not without
the Holders written consent redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire (whether for cash or in exchange for property or other securities
or otherwise) in any one transaction or series of related transactions any shares of capital stock of the Borrower or any warrants, rights
or options to purchase or acquire any such shares.

2.3
Sale of Assets. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holders
written consent, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any significant portion of its assets outside the ordinary course of business. Any
consent to the disposition of any assets shall be conditioned on a specified use of the proceeds towards the repayment of this Note.

2.4
Section 3(a)(9) or 3(a)(10) Transaction. So long as this Note is outstanding, the Borrower shall not enter into any transaction
or arrangement structured in accordance with, based upon, or related or pursuant to, in whole or in part, either Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act (a 3(a)(9) Transaction) or Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act (a 3(a)(10) Transaction).
In the event that the Borrower does enter into, or makes any issuance of Common Stock related to a 3(a)(9) Transaction or a 3(a)(10)
Transaction while this note is outstanding, a liquidated damages charge of 25% of the outstanding principal balance of this Note, but
not less than Fifteen Thousand Dollars $15,000, will be assessed and will become immediately due and payable to the Holder at its election
in the form of cash payment or addition to the balance of this Note.

2.5
Preservation of Existence, etc. The Borrower shall maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve,
its existence, rights and privileges, and become or remain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries (other than dormant Subsidiaries that
have no or minimum assets) to become or remain, duly qualified and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the character of the
properties owned or leased by it or in which the transaction of its business makes such qualification necessary.

11

2.6
Non-circumvention. The Borrower hereby covenants and agrees that the Borrower will not, by amendment of its Certificate or Articles
of Incorporation or Bylaws, or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution,
issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms
of this Note, and will at all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Note and take all action as may be required to
protect the rights of the Holder.

2.7
Repayment from Proceeds. While any portion of the Note is outstanding, if the Borrower receives net cash proceeds in excess of
$1,000,000, but less than $2,000,000 from any source or series of unrelated sources, including but not limited to, from payments from
customers, the issuance of equity or debt, the conversion of outstanding warrants of the Borrower, issuance of securities pursuant to
an equity line of credit of the Borrower or the sale of assets, the Borrower shall, within two (2) business days of Borrowers
receipt of such proceeds, inform the Holder of such receipt, following which the Holder shall have the right in its sole discretion to
require the Borrower to immediately apply up to 50% of the outstanding amounts owed under this Note. If the Borrower receives net cash
proceeds in excess of $2,000,000, Holder shall have the right in its sole discretion to require the Borrower to immediately apply all
or any portion of the outstanding amounts owed under this Note. Failure of the Borrower to comply with this provision shall constitute
an Event of Default.

Article
III. EVENTS OF DEFAULT

If
any of the following events of default (each, an Event of Default) shall occur:

3.1
Failure to Pay Principal or Interest. The Borrower fails to pay the principal hereof or interest thereon when due on this Note,
whether at maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise.

3.2
Conversion and the Shares. The Borrower (i) fails to issue shares of Common Stock to the Holder (or announces or threatens in
writing that it will not honor its obligation to do so) upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights of the Holder in accordance
with the terms of this Note, (ii) fails to transfer or cause its transfer agent to transfer (issue) (electronically or in certificated
form) any certificate for shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when
required by this Note, (iii) directs its transfer agent not to transfer or delays, impairs, and/or hinders its transfer agent in transferring
(or issuing) (electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for shares of Common Stock to be issued to the Holder upon conversion
of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note, (iv) fails to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove
or impairs, delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions
in respect thereof) on any certificate for any shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to
this Note as and when required by this Note (or makes any written announcement, statement or threat that it does not intend to honor
the obligations described in this paragraph) and any such failure shall continue uncured (or any written announcement, statement or threat
not to honor its obligations shall not be rescinded in writing) for three (3) business days after the Holder shall have delivered a Notice
of Conversion, (v) fails to remain current in its obligations to its transfer agent, (vi) causes a conversion of this Note to be delayed,
hindered or frustrated due to a balance owed by the Borrower to its transfer agent, (vii) fails to repay Holder, within forty eight (48)
hours of a demand from the Holder, any amount of funds advanced by Holder to Borrowers transfer agent in order to process a conversion,
(viii) fails to reserve sufficient amount of shares of common stock to satisfy the Reserved Amount at all times, (ix) fails to provide
a Rule 144 opinion letter from the Borrowers legal counsel to the Holder, covering the Holders resale into the public market
of the respective conversion shares under this Note, within two (2) business days of the Holders submission of a Notice of Conversion
to the Borrower (provided that the Holder must request the opinion from the Borrower at the time that Holder submits the respective Notice
of Conversion and the date of the respective Notice of Conversion must be on or after the date which is six (6) months after the date
that the Holder funded the Purchase Price under this Note), and/or (x) an exemption under Rule 144 is unavailable for the Holders
deposit into Holders brokerage account and resale into the public market of any of the conversion shares under this Note at any
time after the date which is six (6) months after the date that the Holder funded the Purchase Price under this Note (other than as a
result of Holders status as an affiliate of the Borrower).

12

3.3
Breach of Covenants. The Borrower breaches any material covenant or other material term or condition contained in this Note and
any collateral documents including but not limited to the Purchase Agreement and such breach continues for a period of ten (10) days
after written notice thereof to the Borrower from the Holder.

3.4
Breach of Representations and Warranties. Any material representation or warranty of the Borrower made herein or in any agreement,
statement or certificate given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection herewith (including, without limitation, the Purchase Agreement),
shall be false or misleading in any material respect when made and the breach of which has (or with the passage of time will have) a
material adverse effect on the rights of the Holder with respect to this Note or the Purchase Agreement.

3.5
Receiver or Trustee. The Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors or commence
proceedings for its dissolution, or apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial part
of its property or business, or such a receiver or trustee shall otherwise be appointed for the Borrower or for a substantial part of
its property or business without its consent and shall not be discharged within sixty (60) days after such appointment.

3.6
Judgments. Any money judgment, writ or similar process shall be entered or filed against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the
Borrower or any of its property or other assets for more than $250,000, and shall remain unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period
of twenty (20) days unless otherwise consented to by the Holder, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld.

13

3.7
Bankruptcy. Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings, voluntary or involuntary,
for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against the Borrower or any subsidiary
of the Borrower, or the Borrower admits in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they mature, or have filed against it
an involuntary petition for bankruptcy relief, all under federal or state laws as applicable or the Borrower admits in writing its inability
to pay its debts generally as they mature, or have filed against it an involuntary petition for bankruptcy relief, all under international,
federal or state laws as applicable.

3.8
Delisting of Common Stock. The Borrower shall fail to maintain the listing of the Common Stock on at least one of the OTC Pink,
OTCQB, Nasdaq Global Market, Nasdaq Capital Market, New York Stock Exchange, NYSE MKT, or an equivalent replacement exchange.

3.9
Failure to Comply with the Exchange Act. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) the Borrower
shall fail to comply with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act (including but not limited to becoming delinquent in its filings);
and/or the Borrower shall cease to be subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

3.10
Liquidation. Any dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of Borrower or any substantial portion of its business.

3.11
Cessation of Operations. Any cessation of operations by Borrower or Borrower admits it is otherwise generally unable to pay its
debts as such debts become due, provided, however, that any disclosure of the Borrowers ability to continue as a going
concern shall not be an admission that the Borrower cannot pay its debts as they become due.

3.12
Maintenance of Assets. The failure by Borrower to maintain any material intellectual property rights, personal, real property
or other assets which are necessary to conduct its business (whether now or in the future), or any disposition or conveyance of any material
asset of the Borrower.

3.13
Financial Statement Restatement. The restatement of any financial statements filed by the Borrower with the SEC for any date
or period from two years prior to the Issue Date of this Note and until this Note is no longer outstanding, if the result of such restatement
would, by comparison to the unrestated financial statement, have constituted a material adverse effect on the rights of the Holder with
respect to this Note or the Purchase Agreement.

3.14
Reverse Splits. The Borrower effectuates a reverse split of its Common Stock without two (2) days prior written notice to
the Holder.

3.16
Replacement of Transfer Agent. In the event that the Borrower proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Borrower fails to provide,
prior to the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered
pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserve shares of Common Stock in the Reserved
Amount) signed by the successor transfer agent to Borrower and the Borrower.

14

3.17
Cessation of Trading. Any cessation of trading of the Common Stock on at least one of the OTC Pink, OTCQB, Nasdaq Global Market,
Nasdaq Capital Market, New York Stock Exchange, NYSE MKT, or an equivalent replacement exchange, and such cessation of trading shall
continue for a period of five consecutive (5) Trading Days.

3.18
Cross-Default. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Note or the other related or companion documents, a
breach or default by the Borrower of any covenant or other term or condition contained in any of the Other Agreements (as defined herein),
after the passage of all applicable notice and cure or grace periods, shall, at the option of the Holder, be considered a default under
this Note and the Other Agreements, in which event the Holder shall be entitled (but in no event required) to apply all rights and remedies
of the Holder under the terms of this Note and the Other Agreements by reason of a default under said Other Agreement or hereunder. Other
Agreements means, collectively, all agreements and instruments between, among or by: (1) the Borrower, and, or for the benefit
of, (2) the Holder (and any affiliate of the Holder) or any other third party, including, without limitation, promissory notes; provided,
however, the term Other Agreements shall not include the agreements and instruments defined as the Documents. Each of the
loan transactions will be cross-defaulted with each other loan transaction and with all other existing and future debt of Borrower to
the Holder.

3.19
Bid Price. The Borrower shall lose the bid price for its Common Stock ($0.0001 on the Ask with zero
market makers on the Bid per Level 2) and/or a market (including the OTC Pink, OTCQB or an equivalent replacement exchange).

3.20
OTC Markets Designation. OTC Markets changes the Borrowers designation to No Information (Stop Sign), Caveat
Emptor (Skull and Crossbones), or OTC, Other OTC or Grey Market (Exclamation Mark Sign).

3.21
Inside Information. Any attempt by the Borrower or its officers, directors, and/or affiliates to transmit, convey, disclose, or
any actual transmittal, conveyance, or disclosure by the Borrower or its officers, directors, and/or affiliates of, material non-public
information concerning the Borrower, to the Holder or its successors and assigns, which is not immediately cured by Borrowers
filing of a Form 8-K pursuant to Regulation FD on that same date.

3.22
Unavailability of Rule 144. If, at any time on or after the date which is six (6) months after the Issue Date, the Holder is unable
to (i) obtain a standard 144 legal opinion letter from an attorney reasonably acceptable to the Holder, the Holders
brokerage firm (and respective clearing firm), and the Borrowers transfer agent in order to facilitate the Holders conversion
of any portion of the Note into free trading shares of the Borrowers Common Stock pursuant to Rule 144, and (ii) thereupon deposit
such shares into the Holders brokerage account (in each case, other than as a result of Holders status as an affiliate
of the Borrower).

3.23
Delisting or Suspension of Trading of Common Stock. If, at any time on or after the Issue Date, the Borrowers Common Stock
(i) is suspended from trading, or (ii) is halted from trading for greater than three (3) consecutive trading days, and/or (iii) fails
to be quoted or listed (as applicable) on any level of the OTC Markets, any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market, the New York Stock Exchange,
or the NYSE American.

15

UPON
THE OCCURRENCE OF ANY EVENT OF DEFAULT SPECIFIED IN SECTION 3 OF THIS NOTE, THE NOTE SHALL BECOME IMMEDIATELY AND AUTOMATICALLY DUE AND
PAYABLE WITHOUT DEMAND, PRESENTMENT, OR NOTICE AND THE BORROWER SHALL PAY TO THE HOLDER, IN FULL SATISFACTION OF ITS OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER,
AN AMOUNT EQUAL TO: (A) IN THE EVENT OF AN OCCURRENCE OF ANY EVENT OF DEFAULT SPECIFIED IN OF SECTION 3.2, 3.9, 3.10, 3.16, 3.17, 3.19,
3.20, 3.22 OR 3.23, the then outstanding principal amount of this Note plus (x) accrued
and unpaid interest on the unpaid principal amount of this Note to the date of payment (the Mandatory Prepayment Date)
plus (y) Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in clauses (w) and/or (x) plus (z) any amounts owed to the
Holder pursuant to Sections 1.3 and 1.4(g) hereof, MULTIPLIED BY TWO (2); OR (B) IN THE EVENT OF THE OCCURRENCE OF ANY EVENT OF
DEFAULT SPECIFIED IN ANY OTHER SECTION, the then outstanding principal amount of this Note plus
(x) accrued and unpaid interest on the unpaid principal amount of this Note to the Mandatory Prepayment Date, plus (y) Default
Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in clauses (w) and/or (x) plus (z) any amounts owed to the Holder pursuant to Sections
1.3 and 1.4(g) hereof (the then outstanding principal amount of this Note to the date of payment plus the amounts referred to
in clauses (x), (y) and (z) shall collectively be known as the Default Sum) or (ii) at the option of the Holder,
the parity value of the Default Sum to be prepaid, where parity value means (a) the highest number of shares of Common
Stock issuable upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to such Default Sum in accordance with Article I, treating the Trading Day immediately
preceding the Mandatory Prepayment Date as the Conversion Date for purposes of determining the lowest applicable Conversion
Price, unless the Default Event arises as a result of a breach in respect of a specific Conversion Date in which case such Conversion
Date shall be the Conversion Date), multiplied by (b) the highest trading price for the Common Stock during the period beginning
on the date of first occurrence of the Event of Default and ending one day prior to the Mandatory Prepayment Date (the Default
Amount) and all other amounts payable hereunder shall immediately become due and payable, all without demand, presentment or notice,
all of which hereby are expressly waived, together with all costs, including, without limitation, legal fees and expenses, of collection,
and the Holder shall be entitled to exercise all other rights and remedies available at law or in equity. Further, if a breach of Sections
3.9, 3.10 and/or 3.19 occurs or is continuing after the three (3) month anniversary of this Note, then the principal amount of the Note
shall increase by Fifteen Thousand and No/100 United States Dollars ($15,000) (under Holders and Borrowers expectation
that any principal amount increase will tack back to the Issue Date). If this Note is not paid at Maturity Date, then the outstanding
principal due under this Note shall increase by Fifteen Thousand and No/100 United States Dollars ($15,000).

The
Holder shall have the right at any time after an Event of Default occurs under this Note to require the Borrower, to immediately issue,
in lieu of the Default Amount and/or Default Sum, the number of shares of Common Stock of the Borrower equal to the Default Amount and/or
Default Sum divided by the Conversion Price then in effect, pursuant to the terms of this Note (including but not limited to any beneficial
ownership limitations contained herein). This requirement by the Borrower shall automatically apply upon the occurrence of an Event of
Default without the need for any party to give any notice or take any other action.

16

If
the Holder shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Note, including, without limitation, engaging an
attorney, then if the Holder prevails in such action, the Holder shall be reimbursed by the Borrower for its attorneys fees and
other costs and expenses incurred in the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

Article
IV. MISCELLANEOUS

4.1
Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude
other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies existing hereunder are cumulative
to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available.

4.2
Notices. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be
in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified,
return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted
by hand delivery, telegram, electronic mail, or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall
have specified most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be
deemed effective (a) upon hand delivery or delivery by electronic mail or facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting
facsimile machine, at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such
notice is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal
business hours where such notice is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier
service, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses
for such communications shall be:

If
to the Borrower, to:

NextTrip,
Inc. 

3900
Paseo del Sol

Santa
Fe, NM 87507

Attn:
Bill Kerby

E-mail:
bill.kerby@nexttrip.com

If
to the Holder:

Alumni
Capital Management, LLC

80
S.W. Eighth Street, 20th Floor 

Miami,
FL 33131 

Attn:
Ashkan Mapar 

Email:
ashkan@alumnicapital.com

17

4.3
Amendments. This Note and any provision hereof may only be amended by an instrument in writing signed by the Borrower and the
Holder. The term Note and all reference thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall mean this instrument (and the
other Notes issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement) as originally executed, or if later amended or supplemented, then as so amended
or supplemented.

4.4
Assignability. This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit
of the Holder and its successors and assigns. Neither the Borrower nor the Holder shall assign this Note or any rights or obligations
hereunder without the prior written consent of the other. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Holder may assign its rights hereunder to
any accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a) of the 1933 Act) in a private transaction from the Holder or to any
of its affiliates, as that term is defined under the 1934 Act, without the consent of the Borrower. Notwithstanding anything
in this Note to the contrary, this Note may be pledged as collateral in connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending
arrangement. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that following conversion of a portion of
this Note, the unpaid and unconverted principal amount of this Note represented by this Note may be less than the amount stated on the
face hereof.

4.5
Cost of Collection. If default is made in the payment of this Note, the Borrower shall pay the Holder hereof reasonable costs
of collection, including reasonable attorneys fees.

4.6
Governing Law. This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard
to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by
this Note shall be brought only in the state courts located in the State of Delaware or federal courts located in the State of Delaware.
The parties to this Note hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall
not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens. THE BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY
WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION
WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS NOTE OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the
other party its reasonable attorneys fees and costs. In the event that any provision of this Note or any other agreement delivered
in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative
to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision
which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any
agreement. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action
or proceeding in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified
mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement
and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall
be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

18

4.7
Certain Amounts. Whenever pursuant to this Note the Borrower is required to pay an amount in excess of the outstanding principal
amount (or the portion thereof required to be paid at that time) plus accrued and unpaid interest plus Default Interest on such interest,
the Borrower and the Holder agree that the actual damages to the Holder from the receipt of cash payment on this Note may be difficult
to determine and the amount to be so paid by the Borrower represents stipulated damages and not a penalty and is intended to compensate
the Holder in part for loss of the opportunity to convert this Note and to earn a return from the sale of shares of Common Stock acquired
upon conversion of this Note at a price in excess of the price paid for such shares pursuant to this Note. The Borrower and the Holder
hereby agree that such amount of stipulated damages is not plainly disproportionate to the possible loss to the Holder from the receipt
of a cash payment without the opportunity to convert this Note into shares of Common Stock.

4.8
Purchase Agreement. By its acceptance of this Note, each party agrees to be bound by the applicable terms of the Purchase Agreement.

4.9
Notice of Corporate Events. Except as otherwise provided below, the Holder of this Note shall have no rights as a Holder of Common
Stock unless and only to the extent that it converts this Note into Common Stock. The Borrower shall provide the Holder with prior notification
of any meeting of the Borrowers shareholders (and copies of proxy materials and other information sent to shareholders). In the
event of any taking by the Borrower of a record of its shareholders for the purpose of determining shareholders who are entitled to receive
payment of any dividend or other distribution, any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire (including by way of merger,
consolidation, reclassification or recapitalization) any share of any class or any other securities or property, or to receive any other
right, or for the purpose of determining shareholders who are entitled to vote in connection with any proposed sale, lease or conveyance
of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower or any proposed liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Borrower, the
Borrower shall mail a notice to the Holder, at least twenty (20) days prior to the record date specified therein (or thirty (30) days
prior to the consummation of the transaction or event, whichever is earlier), of the date on which any such record is to be taken for
the purpose of such dividend, distribution, right or other event, and a brief statement regarding the amount and character of such dividend,
distribution, right or other event to the extent known at such time. The Borrower shall make a public announcement of any event requiring
notification to the Holder hereunder substantially simultaneously with the notification to the Holder in accordance with the terms of
this Section 4.9 including, but not limited to, name changes, recapitalizations, etc. as soon as possible under law.

4.10
Usury. If it shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder violates the applicable law governing
usury, the applicable provision shall automatically be revised to equal the maximum rate of interest or other amount deemed interest
permitted under applicable law. The Borrower covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it will not seek to claim or take
advantage of any law that would prohibit or forgive the Borrower from paying all or a portion of the principal or interest on this Note.

19

4.11
Remedies. The Borrower acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder,
by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Borrower acknowledges that the remedy at
law for a breach of its obligations under this Note will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the
Borrower of the provisions of this Note, that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in
equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach
of this Note and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without
any bond or other security being required. No provision of this Note shall alter or impair the obligation of the Borrower, which is absolute
and unconditional, to pay the principal of, and interest on, this Note at the time, place, and rate, and in the form, herein prescribed.

4.12
Severability. In the event that any provision of this Note is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of
law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform
with such statute or rule of law. Any provision hereof which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity
or enforceability of any other provision hereof.

4.13
Dispute Resolution. In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the Conversion Price, Conversion Amount, any prepayment
amount or Default Amount, Default Sum, Closing or Maturity Date, the closing bid price, or fair market value (as the case may be) or
the arithmetic calculation of the Conversion Price or the applicable prepayment amount(s) (as the case may be), the Borrower or the Holder
shall submit the disputed determinations or arithmetic calculations via facsimile (i) within two (2) Business Days after receipt of the
applicable notice giving rise to such dispute to the Borrower or the Holder or (ii) if no notice gave rise to such dispute, at any time
after the Holder learned of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute. If the Holder and the Borrower are unable to agree upon such
determination or calculation within two (2) Business Days of such disputed determination or arithmetic calculation (as the case may be)
being submitted to the Borrower or the Holder, then the Borrower shall, within two (2) Business Days, submit via facsimile (a) the disputed
determination of the Conversion Price, the closing bid price, the or fair market value (as the case may be) to an independent, reputable
investment bank selected by the Borrower and approved by the Holder or (b) the disputed arithmetic calculation of the Conversion Price,
Conversion Amount, any prepayment amount or Default Amount, Default Sum to an independent, outside accountant selected by the Holder
that is reasonably acceptable to the Borrower. The Borrower shall cause at its expense the investment bank or the accountant to perform
the determinations or calculations and notify the Borrower and the Holder of the results no later than ten (10) Business Days from the
time it receives such disputed determinations or calculations. Such investment banks or accountants determination or calculation
shall be binding upon all parties absent demonstrable error.

4.14
Reserved.

[signature
page follows]

20

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its name by its duly authorized officer as of the date first above written.

Nexttrip,
INC. 

By: /s/
Bill Kerby

Name: Bill
Kerby

Title: CEO

Date: 4/1/2025

ALUMNI
CAPITAL LP

By: ALUMNI
CAPITAL GP LLC

By: /s/
Ashkan Mapar

Name: Ashkan
Mapar

Title: Manager

Date: 4/1/2025

21

EXHIBIT
A

NOTICE
OF CONVERSION 

The
undersigned hereby elects to convert $_________________principal amount of the Note (defined below) together with $________________ of
accrued and unpaid interest thereto, totaling $_____________ into that number of shares of Common
Stock to be issued pursuant to the conversion of the Note (Common Stock) as set forth below, of NextTrip, Inc.,
a Nevada corporation (the Borrower), according to the conditions of the convertible note of the Borrower dated as of April
1, 2025 (the Note), as of the date written below. No fee will be charged to the Holder for any conversion, except for transfer
taxes, if any.

Box
Checked as to applicable instructions:

[
] The
Borrower shall electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Notice of Conversion to the account of the undersigned
or its nominee with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal At Custodian system (DWAC Transfer).

Name
of DTC Broker:

Account
Number:

[ 
] The
undersigned hereby requests that the Borrower issue a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock set forth
below (which numbers are based on the Holders calculation attached hereto) in the name(s) specified immediately below or,
if additional space is necessary, on an attachment hereto:

Name:
[NAME] 

Address:
[ADDRESS] 

Date
of Conversion: 

Applicable
Conversion Price: $ 

Number
of Shares of Common Stock to be Issued 

Pursuant
to Conversion of the Notes: 

Amount
of Principal Balance Due remaining 

Under
the Note after this conversion: 

Accrued
and unpaid interest remaining: 

[HOLDER] 

By: 

Name: [NAME] 

Title:
[TITLE] 

Date:
[DATE]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ntrp-20250401.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ntrp-20250401_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ntrp-20250401_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 01, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 01, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38015

Entity Registrant Name NextTrip,
Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0000788611

Entity Tax Identification Number 27-1865814

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 3900
Paseo del Sol

Entity Address, City or Town Santa
Fe

Entity Address, State or Province NM

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 87507

City Area Code (505)

Local Phone Number 438-2576

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol NTRP

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://nexttrip.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
ntrp-20250401.xsd 
ntrp-20250401_lab.xml 
ntrp-20250401_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-002776-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000788611 

2025-04-01 
2025-04-01 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000788611 
8-K 
2025-04-01 
NextTrip, Inc. 
NV 
001-38015 
27-1865814 
3900 Paseo del Sol 
Santa Fe 
NM 
87507 
(505) 
438-2576 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
NTRP 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>