<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-031732.txt : 20250403
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-031732.hdr.sgml : 20250403
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250403164556
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-031732
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250328
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250403
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250403

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FS KKR Capital Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001422183
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	
		EIN:				261630040
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-00757
		FILM NUMBER:		25810313

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		201 ROUSE BOULEVARD
		CITY:			PHILADELPHIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19112
		BUSINESS PHONE:		215-495-1150

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		201 ROUSE BOULEVARD
		CITY:			PHILADELPHIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19112

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FS Investment CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080618

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FB Investment CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080618

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Franklin Square Investment CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071227
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2511364d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000142218300014221832025-03-282025-03-28iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 28, 2025

FS KKR Capital Corp.

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its
charter)

Maryland 814-00757 26-1630040

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

201 Rouse Boulevard

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19112

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (215) 495-1150

None

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) 

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
240.14d-2(b)) 

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act:

Title of each class Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common stock FSK New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On March 28, 2025, KKR FSK CLO 2
LLC (the Issuer), a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly owned and consolidated special purpose financing
subsidiary of FS KKR Capital Corp. (the Company), completed a $380,000,000 million term debt securitization (the
CLO Transaction). The debt offered by the Issuer in the CLO Transaction (the Debt) is secured by a
diversified portfolio of the Issuer consisting primarily of middle market loans and participation interests in middle market loans
and may also include some broadly syndicated loans and permitted non-loan assets. The CLO Transaction was executed through a private
placement of: (i) $160,000,000 of Class A-1 Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes (Class A-1 Notes), which
bear interest at Term SOFR for a tenor of three months plus 1.48%; (ii) $100,000,000 of Class A-1L Senior Secured Floating
Rate Loans, which bear interest at Term SOFR plus 1.48% and which are convertible to Class A-1 Notes; (iii) $30,000,000 of
Class A-1W Senior Secured Floating Rate Loans, which bear interest at Term SOFR plus 1.48% and which are convertible to
Class A-1 Notes; (iv) $0 of Class A-2 Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes (Class A-2 Notes), which
bear interest at Term SOFR plus 1.60%; (v) $20,000,000 of Class A-2L Senior Secured Floating Rate Loans, which bear
interest at Term SOFR plus 1.60% and which are convertible to Class A-2 Notes; (vi) $30,000,000 of Class B
Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes, which bear interest at Term SOFR plus 1.75%; and (vii) $40,000,000 of Class C Secured
Deferrable Floating Rate Notes, which bear interest at Term SOFR plus 2.15%. The Company has held 100% of the membership interests
(the Membership Interests) in the Issuer since the Issuers formation on January 15, 2025. The Membership
Interests do not bear interest and had a nominal value of approximately $121.2 million at the closing of the CLO Transaction. The
Debt is scheduled to mature on April 15, 2037. The Class-A1 Notes, the Class A-2 Notes and the Class B Senior Secured
Floating Rate Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture, and the Class A-1L Senior Floating Rate Loans and Class A-2L
Senior Secured Floating Rate Loans were issued pursuant to credit agreements.

On the closing date of the CLO Transaction, in
consideration of the Companys transfer to the Issuer of the initial closing date loan portfolio, a small portion of which included
a loan distributed to the Company by one of the Companys wholly owned subsidiaries, the Issuer transferred to the Company a portion
of the net cash proceeds received from the sale of the Debt. To the extent that the fair market value of the initial closing date loan
portfolio sold to the Issuer exceeds the cash purchase price paid by the Issuer in consideration of such loan portfolio, such excess will
be deemed a capital contribution made by the Company to the Issuer in respect of the Membership Interests that the Company holds in the
Issuer.

The Debt constitutes secured obligations of the
Issuer, and the indenture and credit agreements governing the Debt includes customary covenants and events of default. The Debt has not
been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any state securities or blue sky laws
and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission or an applicable exemption
from registration.

The Company will serve as portfolio manager to
the Issuer pursuant to a portfolio management agreement between the Company and the Issuer (the Portfolio Management Agreement).
For so long as the Company serves as portfolio manager, the Company will elect to irrevocably waive any base management fee or subordinated
interest to which it may be entitled under the Portfolio Management Agreement.

The descriptions of the documentation related
to the CLO Transaction contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their
entirety by reference to the underlying agreements, including Exhibit 10.1, 10.2, 10.3, 10.4, 10.5 and 10.6 attached
hereto.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits

EXHIBIT

NUMBER DESCRIPTION

10.1 Indenture, dated as of March 28, 2025 by and between KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association. 

10.2 Loan and Sale Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2025 among KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC and FS KKR Capital Corp.

10.3 Portfolio Management Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2025 among KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC and FS KKR Capital Corp.

10.4 Class A-IL Credit Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2025 among KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC, the lenders party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association. 

10.5 Class A-2L Credit Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2025 among KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC, the lenders party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association. 

10.6 Class A-1W Credit Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2025 among KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC, the lenders party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association. 

104 Cover page interactive data file (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly
authorized.

FS KKR Capital Corp.

Date: April 3,
2025 By: /s/ Stephen Sypherd

Name: Stephen Sypherd

Title: General Counsel
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm2511364d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

EXECUTION VERSION

KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC

Issuer

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY,
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

Collateral Trustee

INDENTURE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT

Dated as of March 28, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 2

Section 1.1. Definitions 2

Section 1.2. Assumptions as to Assets 80

ARTICLE II THE DEBT 85

Section 2.1. Forms Generally 85

Section 2.2. Forms of Notes 85

Section 2.3. Authorized Amount; Stated Maturity; Denominations 87

Section 2.4. Execution, Authentication, Delivery and Dating 89

Section 2.5. Registration, Registration of Transfer and Exchange 89

Section 2.6. Mutilated, Defaced, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Note 102

Section 2.7. Payment of Principal and
Interest and Other Amounts; Principal and Interest Rights Preserved 103

Section 2.8. Persons Deemed Owners 107

Section 2.9. Cancellation 107

Section 2.10. DTC Ceases to be Depository 107

Section 2.11. Notes Beneficially Owned by Persons Not QIB/QPs or IAI/QPs or in Violation of ERISA Representations or Holder Reporting Obligations 108

Section 2.12. Deduction or Withholding from Payments on Notes; No Gross Up 109

Section 2.13. Additional Issuance 110

Section 2.14. Issuer Purchases of Notes 113

Section 2.15. Conversion of Class A-1L Loans to Class A-1 Notes 115

Section 2.16. Conversion of Class A-1W Loans to Class A-1 Notes 117

Section 2.17. Conversion of Class A-2L Loans to Class A-2 Notes 119

ARTICLE III CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 121

Section 3.1. Conditions to Issuance of Notes on Closing Date 121

Section 3.2. Conditions to Additional Issuance 124

Section 3.3. Delivery of Collateral Obligations and Eligible Investments 126

ARTICLE IV SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE; ILLIQUID ASSETS; LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES 127

Section 4.1. Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture 127

Section 4.2. Application of Trust Money 129

Section 4.3. Repayment of Monies Held by Paying Agent 129

Section 4.4. Disposition of Illiquid Assets 129

Section 4.5. Limitation on Obligation to Incur Administrative Expenses 130

-i-

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(continued)

Page

ARTICLE V REMEDIES 131

Section 5.1. Events of Default 131

Section 5.2. Acceleration of Maturity; Rescission and Annulment 133

Section 5.3. Collection of Indebtedness and Suits for Enforcement by Collateral Trustee 134

Section 5.4. Remedies 136

Section 5.5. Optional Preservation of Assets 139

Section 5.6. Collateral Trustee May Enforce Claims Without Possession of Debt 141

Section 5.7. Application of Money Collected 141

Section 5.8. Limitation on Suits 141

Section 5.9. Unconditional Rights of Holders to Receive Principal and Interest 142

Section 5.10. Restoration of Rights and Remedies 142

Section 5.11. Rights and Remedies Cumulative 142

Section 5.12. Delay or Omission Not Waiver 142

Section 5.13. Control by Supermajority of Controlling Class 143

Section 5.14. Waiver of Past Defaults 143

Section 5.15. Undertaking for Costs 144

Section 5.16. Waiver of Stay or Extension Laws 144

Section 5.17. Sale of Assets 144

Section 5.18. Action on the Debt 146

ARTICLE VI THE COLLATERAL TRUSTEE 146

Section 6.1. Certain Duties and Responsibilities 146

Section 6.2. Notice of Default 149

Section 6.3. Certain Rights of Collateral Trustee 150

Section 6.4. Not Responsible for Recitals or Issuance of Debt 154

Section 6.5. May Hold Debt 154

Section 6.6. Money Held in Trust 154

Section 6.7. Compensation and Reimbursement 154

Section 6.8. Corporate Collateral Trustee Required; Eligibility 156

Section 6.9. Resignation and Removal; Appointment of Successor 157

Section 6.10. Acceptance of Appointment by Successor 158

Section 6.11. Merger, Conversion, Consolidation or Succession to Business of Collateral Trustee 159

Section 6.12. Co-Collateral Trustees 159

Section 6.13. Certain Duties of Collateral Trustee Related to Delayed Payment of Proceeds 160

Section 6.14. Authenticating Agents 161

Section 6.15. Withholding 162

Section 6.16. Representative for Holders Only; Agent for each other Secured Party 162

Section 6.17. Representations and Warranties of the Bank 162

-ii-

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(continued)

Page

ARTICLE VII COVENANTS 163

Section 7.1. Payment of Principal and Interest 163

Section 7.2. Maintenance of Office or Agency 163

Section 7.3. Money for Debt Payments to be Held in Trust 164

Section 7.4. Existence of Issuer 165

Section 7.5. Protection of Assets 166

Section 7.6. Opinions as to Assets 168

Section 7.7. Performance of Obligations 168

Section 7.8. Negative Covenants 169

Section 7.9. Statement as to Compliance 170

Section 7.10. Issuer May Consolidate, Etc., Only on Certain Terms 171

Section 7.11. Successor Substituted 173

Section 7.12. No Other Business 173

Section 7.13. Acknowledgment of Portfolio Manager Standard of Care 173

Section 7.14. Ratings; Review of Credit Estimates 174

Section 7.15. Reporting 174

Section 7.16. Calculation Agent 174

Section 7.17. Certain Tax Matters 176

Section 7.18. Effective Date; Purchase of Additional Collateral Obligations 177

Section 7.19. Representations Relating to Security Interests in the Assets 181

Section 7.20. Rule 17g-5 Compliance 182

Section 7.21. Contesting Insolvency Filings 184

Section 7.22. Use of Name 184

ARTICLE VIII SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES 184

Section 8.1. Supplemental Indentures Without Consent of Holders 184

Section 8.2. Supplemental Indentures With Consent of Holders 190

Section 8.3. Execution of Supplemental Indentures 192

Section 8.4. Effect of Supplemental Indentures 194

Section 8.5. Reference in Debt to Supplemental Indentures 194

Section 8.6. Re-Pricing Amendment 194

ARTICLE IX REDEMPTION OF DEBT 195

Section 9.1. Mandatory Redemption 195

Section 9.2. Optional Redemption 195

Section 9.3. Tax Redemption 198

Section 9.4. Redemption Procedures 199

Section 9.5. Debt Payable on Redemption Date 202

Section 9.6. Special Redemption 203

Section 9.7. Clean-Up Call Redemption 203

Section 9.8. Re-Pricing of the Debt 204

-iii-

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(continued)

Page

ARTICLE X ACCOUNTS, ACCOUNTING AND RELEASES 208

Section 10.1. Collection of Money 208

Section 10.2. Collection Account 209

Section 10.3. Transaction Accounts 212

Section 10.4. The Revolver Funding Account 215

Section 10.5. [Reserved] 216

Section 10.6. Reinvestment of Funds in Accounts; Reports by Collateral Trustee 216

Section 10.7. Accountings 218

Section 10.8. Release of Assets 227

Section 10.9. Reports by Independent Accountants 229

Section 10.10. Reports to Rating Agency and Additional Recipients 230

Section 10.11. Procedures Relating to the Establishment of Accounts Controlled by the Collateral Trustee 231

Section 10.12. Section 3(c)(7) Procedures 231

Section 10.13. EU/UK Transparency Requirements 232

ARTICLE XI APPLICATION OF MONIES 233

Section 11.1. Disbursements of Monies from Payment Account 233

ARTICLE XII SALE OF COLLATERAL OBLIGATIONS; PURCHASE OF ADDITIONAL COLLATERAL OBLIGATIONS 241

Section 12.1. Sales of Collateral Obligations 241

Section 12.2. Purchase of Additional Collateral Obligations 245

Section 12.3. Conditions Applicable to All Sale and Purchase Transactions 251

Section 12.4. Swapped Defaulted Obligation Transactions 252

Section 12.5. Optional Repurchase or Substitution of Collateral Obligations 253

ARTICLE XIII HOLDERS RELATIONS 256

Section 13.1. Subordination 256

Section 13.2. Standard of Conduct 257

ARTICLE XIV MISCELLANEOUS 257

Section 14.1. Form of Documents Delivered to Collateral Trustee 257

Section 14.2. Acts of Holders 258

Section 14.3. Notices, etc., to Certain Parties 259

Section 14.4. Notices to Holders; Waiver 261

Section 14.5. Effect of Headings and Table of Contents 263

Section 14.6. Successors and Assigns 263

Section 14.7. Severability 263

Section 14.8. Benefits of Indenture 264

Section 14.9. Legal Holidays 264

Section 14.10. Governing Law 264

Section 14.11. Submission to Jurisdiction 264

Section 14.12. Waiver of Jury Trial 265

Section 14.13. Counterparts 265

Section 14.14. Acts of Issuer 265

Section 14.15. Confidential Information 266

-iv-

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(continued)

Page

ARTICLE XV ASSIGNMENT OF PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT 267

Section 15.1. Assignment of Portfolio Management
Agreement 267

Section 15.2. Standard of Care Applicable to the Portfolio Manager 269

-v-

Schedules
and Exhibits

Schedule 1 S&P Industry Classifications

Schedule 2 S&P CDO Monitor Test Definitions

Schedule 3 [Reserved]

Schedule 4 Approved Index List

Schedule 5 S&P Recovery Rate Tables

Schedule 6 S&P Region Classifications

Exhibit A Form of Notes

Exhibit B Forms of Transfer and Exchange Certificates

B-1 Form of Transferor and Transferee Certificate
for Transfer to Rule 144A Global Note

B-2 Form of Transferor and Transferee Certificate
for Transfer to Regulation S Global Note

B-3 Form of Transferor and Transferee Certificate
for Transfer to Certificated Note

Exhibit C [Reserved]

Exhibit D Form of Security Owner Certificate

Exhibit E Issuer Payment Account Information

Exhibit F Form of Contribution Notice

Exhibit G Form of Notice of Substitution

-vi-

INDENTURE AND SECURITY
AGREEMENT, dated as of March 28, 2025, between KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Issuer")
and U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as collateral trustee (herein, together with its permitted successors and assigns in
the trusts hereunder, the "Collateral Trustee").

PRELIMINARY STATEMENT

THE Issuer is duly
authorized to execute and deliver this Indenture to provide for the Debt issuable as provided in this Indenture. Except as otherwise provided
herein, all covenants and agreements made by the Issuer herein are for the benefit and security of the Secured Parties. The Issuer is
entering into this Indenture, and the Collateral Trustee is accepting the trusts and agreements created hereby, for good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged;

ALL things necessary
to make this Indenture a valid agreement of the Issuer in accordance with the agreement's terms have been done.

GRANTING CLAUSES

I. Subject
to the priorities and the exclusions, if any, specified below in this Granting Clause, the Issuer hereby grants to the Collateral Trustee
for the benefit and security of Holders of the Debt, the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent, the Portfolio Manager and the Collateral
Administrator (collectively, the "Secured Parties") to the extent of such Secured Party's interest hereunder, including
under the Priority of Payments, all of its right, title and interest in, to and under, in each case, whether now owned or existing, or
hereafter acquired or arising, all securities, loans and investments and, in each case as defined in the UCC, accounts, chattel paper,
deposit accounts, instruments, financial assets, investment property, general intangibles, letter of credit rights, and other supporting
obligations, and other property of any type or nature in which the Issuer has an interest, including all proceeds (as defined in the UCC)
with respect to the foregoing (subject to the exclusions noted below, the "Assets"). Such Grants include, but are not
limited to:

(a) the Collateral Obligations, Restructured Loans, Workout Loans, Workout Securities and Equity Securities that the Issuer causes to
be delivered to the Collateral Trustee (directly or through an intermediary or bailee) pursuant to this Indenture and all payments thereon
or with respect thereto, and all Collateral Obligations which are delivered to the Collateral Trustee in the future pursuant to the terms
of this Indenture and all payments thereon or with respect thereto,

(b) the Issuer's interest in each Account and all Eligible Investments purchased with funds on deposit therein, and all income from the
investment of funds therein,

(c) the Issuer's rights under the Transaction Documents,

(d) all Cash or money delivered to the Collateral Trustee (directly or through an intermediary or its bailee) for the benefit of the Secured
Parties,

(e) any Selling Institution Collateral, subject to the prior lien of the relevant Selling Institution,

(f) all accounts, chattel paper, deposit accounts, financial assets, general intangibles, instruments, investment property, letter-of-credit
rights and other supporting obligations relating to the foregoing,

(g) any other property otherwise delivered to the Collateral Trustee by or on behalf of the Issuer (whether or not constituting Collateral
Obligations or Eligible Investments), and

(h) all proceeds (as defined in the UCC) with respect to the foregoing.

Such Grants are made in trust to secure
the Debt equally and ratably without prejudice, priority or distinction between any Debt and any other Debt by reason of difference of
time of issuance or incurrence or otherwise, except as expressly provided in this Indenture, and to secure, in accordance with the priorities
set forth in the Priority of Payments, (A) the payment of all amounts due on the Debt in accordance with their terms, (B) the
payment of all other sums payable under this Indenture to any Secured Party and (C) compliance with the provisions of this Indenture,
all as provided in this Indenture (collectively, the "Secured Obligations").

II. The
Collateral Trustee acknowledges such Grant, accepts its appointment as Collateral Trustee and the trusts hereunder in accordance with
the provisions hereof, and agrees to perform the duties herein in accordance with the terms hereof.

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.1. Definitions

Except as otherwise specified
herein or as the context may otherwise require, the following terms have the respective meanings set forth below for all purposes of
this Indenture, and the definitions of such terms are equally applicable both to the singular and plural forms of such terms and to
the masculine, feminine and neuter genders of such terms. Except as otherwise specified herein or as the context may otherwise
require: (i) references to an agreement or other document are to it as amended, supplemented, restated and otherwise modified
from time to time and to any successor document (whether or not already so stated); (ii) references to a statute, regulation or
other government rule are to it as amended from time to time and, as applicable, are to corresponding provisions of successor
governmental rules (whether or not already so stated); (iii) the word "including" and correlative words shall be
deemed to be followed by the phrase "without limitation" unless actually followed by such phrase or a phrase of like
import; (iv) the word "or" is always used inclusively herein (for example, the phrase "A or B" means
"A or B or both," not "either A or B but not both"), unless used in an "either ... or" construction;
(v) references to a Person are references to such Person's successors and assigns (whether or not already so stated);
(vi) all references in this Indenture to designated "Articles", "Sections", "subsections" and
other subdivisions are to the designated articles, sections, subsections and other subdivisions of this Indenture; (vii) the
words "herein", "hereof", "hereunder" and other words of similar import refer to this Indenture as a
whole and not to any particular article, section, subsection or other subdivision; and (viii) references to
(1) "redemption" of Debt will be understood to include, in the case of the Class A Loans, the repayment of the
Class A Loans by the Issuer and (2) the "issuance" of Debt or to the "execution,"
"authentication" and/or "delivery" of Debt will be understood to refer, in the case of the Class A Loans,
to the incurrence or borrowing, as applicable, of the Class A Loans by the Issuer pursuant to the Class A Credit
Agreements and this Indenture.

2

"17g-5
Website": The Issuer's website, which shall initially be located at https://www.structuredfn.com, or such other address
as the Issuer may provide to the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Portfolio Manager and the Rating
Agency.

"Accepted Purchase Request":
The meaning specified in Section 9.8(c).

"Account Agreement":
The securities account control agreement dated as of the Closing Date among the Issuer, the Collateral Trustee and U.S. Bank National
Association, as Custodian, as amended from time to time in accordance with its terms.

"Accountants' Report":
An agreed upon procedures report from the firm or firms appointed by the Issuer pursuant to Section 10.9(a).

"Accounts": (i) the
Payment Account, (ii) the Collection Account, (iii) the Revolver Funding Account, (iv) the Expense Reserve Account, (v) the
Custodial Account, (vi) the Contribution Account, (vii) the Interest Reserve Account and (viii) the Ramp-Up Account.

"Act" and "Act
of Holders": The meanings specified in Section 14.2(a).

"Adjusted Collateral Principal Amount": As of any
date of determination:

(a) the Aggregate Principal Balance of the Collateral Obligations (other than Defaulted Obligations, Deferring Obligations, Discount Obligations,
Long-Dated Obligations and any Affiliate Participation Interest that has not been fully elevated to assignment prior to the applicable
Elevation Deadline); plus

(b) without duplication, the amounts on deposit in the Collection Account and the Ramp-Up Account (including Eligible Investments therein)
representing Principal Proceeds; plus

(c) for each Defaulted Obligation that has been a Defaulted Obligation for no more than 36 consecutive months and each Deferring Obligation,
the S&P Collateral Value for such Defaulted Obligation or Deferring Obligation and for each Defaulted Obligation (other than a Workout
Loan) that has been a Defaulted Obligation for more than 36 consecutive months, zero; plus

(d) the aggregate, for each Discount Obligation, of the product of (i) the ratio of the purchase price, excluding accrued interest
but including, at the discretion of the Portfolio Manager, the amount of any related transaction costs (including assignment fees) paid
by the Issuer to the seller of such Collateral Obligation or its agent, expressed as a Dollar amount, over the Principal Balance of the
Discount Obligation as of the date of acquisition and (ii) the current Principal Balance of such Discount Obligation; plus

(e) the sum of the Long-Dated Obligation Amount for each Long-Dated Obligation; plus

3

(f) for each Affiliate Participation Interest with respect to which the applicable Elevation Deadline has lapsed and which has not been
assigned, the S&P Collateral Value thereof; minus

(g) the Excess CCC Adjustment Amount;

provided,
that with respect to any Collateral Obligation that satisfies more than one of the definitions of Defaulted Obligation, Discount
Obligation, Long-Dated Obligation or Affiliate Participation Interest that has not been elevated to an assignment prior to the Elevation
Deadline, or any Collateral Obligation that falls into the Excess CCC Adjustment Amount, such Collateral Obligation (or portion thereof)
shall, for purposes of this definition, be treated as belonging to the category of Collateral Obligations to which it otherwise belongs
and which results in the lowest Adjusted Collateral Principal Amount on any date of determination; provided further that, for the
avoidance of doubt, the Adjusted Collateral Principal Amount of any Restructured Loan that is not a Workout Loan shall be zero.

"Adjusted Swap Rate":
With respect to any Class of Debt, a per annum interest rate in relation to such Class, calculated by the Portfolio Manager as the
sum of (a) the three-month U.S. Dollar forward swap rate applicable to the date of the weighted average life of such Class of
Debt, determined as of the pricing date of the relevant replacement notes and (b) the spread applicable to such Class of Debt.

"Administrative Expense Cap":
An amount equal on any Payment Date (when taken together with any Administrative Expenses paid in the order of priority contained in the
definition thereof during the period since the preceding Payment Date or in the case of the first Payment Date following the Closing Date,
the period since the Closing Date), to the sum of (a) 0.02% per annum (prorated for the related Interest Accrual Period on the basis
of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed) of the Fee Basis Amount on the related Determination Date and (b) U.S.$200,000
per annum (prorated for the related Interest Accrual Period on the basis of a 360-day year and twelve 30-day months); provided that,
(1) in respect of any Payment Date after the third Payment Date following the Closing Date, if the aggregate amount of Administrative
Expenses paid pursuant to Sections 11.1(a)(i)(A), 11.1(a)(ii)(A) and 11.1(a)(iii)(A) (including any excess applied in accordance
with this proviso) on the three immediately preceding Payment Dates and during the related Collection Periods is less than the stated
Administrative Expense Cap (without regard to any excess applied in accordance with this proviso) in the aggregate for such three preceding
Payment Dates, then the excess may be applied to the Administrative Expense Cap with respect to the then-current Payment Date; and (2) in
respect of the third Payment Date following the Closing Date, such excess amount shall be calculated based on the Payment Dates preceding
such Payment Date and may be applied to the Administrative Expense Cap to the then-current Payment Date.

4

"Administrative
Expenses": The fees, expenses (including indemnities) and other amounts due or accrued with respect to any Payment Date
(including, with respect to any Payment Date, any such amounts that were due and not paid on any prior Payment Date) and payable in
the following order by the Issuer: first, to the Collateral Trustee pursuant to Section 6.7 and the other provisions of
this Indenture, second, to the Bank and its Affiliates (in each of the Bank's capacities, without duplication) under the
Transaction Documents, including as Collateral Administrator pursuant to the Collateral Administration Agreement, the Loan Agent
under the Class A Credit Agreements, the Custodian under the Account Agreement and the posting agent under the Posting Agent
Letter Agreement, third, on a pro rata basis, the following amounts (excluding indemnities) to the following
parties:

(i) the Independent accountants, agents (other than the Portfolio Manager) and counsel of the Issuer for fees and expenses;

(ii) the Rating Agency for fees and expenses (including any annual fee, amendment fees and surveillance fees) in connection with any rating
of the Debt or in connection with the rating of (or provision of credit estimates in respect of) any Collateral Obligations;

(iii) the Portfolio Manager under this Indenture and amounts payable pursuant to the Portfolio Management Agreement, but excluding the Management
Fees;

(iv) the Independent Manager of the Issuer for any fees or expenses;

(v) any other Person in respect of any other fees or expenses permitted under this Indenture and the documents delivered pursuant to or
in connection with this Indenture (including expenses incurred in connection with complying with tax laws, fees and expenses incurred
in connection with a Refinancing or Re-Pricing, the payment of facility rating fees and all legal and other fees and expenses incurred
in connection with the purchase or sale of any Collateral Obligations and any other expenses incurred in connection with the Collateral
Obligations, including Excepted Advances) and the Debt, including but not limited to, if applicable, any amounts due in respect of the
listing of the Debt on any stock exchange or trading system; and

(vi) any other Person in connection with satisfying the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, the EU Securitization Laws or the UK Securitization
Framework, as applicable, including any costs or fees related to additional due diligence or reporting requirements;

and fourth, on a pro rata
basis, indemnities payable to any Person pursuant to any Transaction Document or the Placement Agreement or any purchase agreement,
placement agreement or similar agreement signed in connection with a refinancing; provided that, (x) for the avoidance
of doubt, amounts that are expressly payable to any Person under the Priority of Payments in respect of an amount that is stated to be
payable as an amount other than as Administrative Expenses (including, without limitation, interest and principal in respect of the Debt
and distributions made to the Issuer) shall not constitute Administrative Expenses and (y) the Portfolio Manager may direct the payment
of Rating Agency fees (only out of amounts available pursuant to clause (b) of the definition of "Administrative Expense Cap")
other than in the order required pursuant to items third and fourth above if, in the Portfolio Manager's commercially reasonable judgment,
such payments are necessary to avoid the withdrawal of any currently assigned rating on any Class of Debt that is Outstanding and
rated by a Rating Agency.

"Advisor": FS/KKR
Advisor, LLC.

5

"Advisers Act": The
Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended from time to time.

"Affected Class":
Any Class of Debt that, as a result of the occurrence of a Tax Event, has not received 100% of the aggregate amount of principal
and interest that would otherwise be due and payable to such Class on any Quarterly Payment Date.

"Affiliate" or "Affiliated":
With respect to a Person, any other Person who, directly or indirectly, is in control of, or controlled by, or is under common control
with, such Person. For the purposes of this definition, "control" of a Person shall mean the power, direct or indirect, (x) to
vote more than 50% of the securities having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of any such Person or (y) to direct
or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by contract or otherwise; provided that, no
special purpose company to which the Portfolio Manager provides investment management or advisory services shall be considered an Affiliate
of the Portfolio Manager. For the avoidance of doubt, (A) for the purposes of calculating compliance with clause (iii) of the
Concentration Limitations, an Obligor will not be considered an "Affiliate" of any other Obligor solely due to the fact that
each such Obligor is under the control of the same financial sponsor and (B) Obligors in respect of Collateral Obligations shall
be deemed not to be Affiliates if they have distinct corporate family ratings and/or distinct issuer credit ratings.

"Affiliate Participation Interest":
Any Participation Interest in an asset conveyed to the Issuer pursuant to a Master Participation Agreement or the Loan Sale Agreement
until elevated by assignment, which may be settled directly into the Issuer pursuant to a Master Participation Agreement; provided that,
either (x) the seller of such Participation Interest shall be a Closing Date Participation Seller or (y) the seller of such
Participation Interest shall be an Affiliate of the Transferor and either (i) such seller shall satisfy S&P's U.S. Structured
Finance Asset Isolation and Special-Purpose Entity Criteria or (ii) an Opinion of Counsel with respect to the "true sale"
of Participation Interests pursuant to such Master Participation Agreement, addressed to the Collateral Trustee and the Rating Agency,
shall have been obtained and delivered to the Collateral Trustee and the Rating Agency; provided further that, the Aggregate Principal
Balance of Affiliate Participation Interests held by the Issuer at any time shall not exceed 20% of the Collateral Principal Amount at
any time. For the avoidance of doubt, the failure to elevate any Affiliate Participation Interest shall not result or be deemed to result
in a default or Event of Default under this Indenture or any other Transaction Document.

"Agent Members": Members
of, or participants in, DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream.

"Aggregate
Coupon": As of any date of determination, the sum of the products obtained by multiplying, in the case of each Fixed
Rate Obligation, (a) the stated coupon on such Collateral Obligation (excluding the unfunded portion of any Delayed Drawdown
Collateral Obligation or Revolving Collateral Obligation and, in the case of any security that in accordance with its terms is
making payments due thereon "in kind" in lieu of Cash, any interest to the extent not paid in Cash) expressed as a
percentage; and (b) the Principal Balance (including for this purpose any capitalized interest) of such Collateral Obligation; provided
that, for purposes of this definition, (x) the coupon of any Step-Up Obligation shall be its then-current coupon and
(y) the coupon of any Step-Down Obligation shall be the lowest permissible coupon pursuant to the related Underlying
Instruments.

6

"Aggregate Excess Funded Spread":
As of any date of determination, the amount obtained by multiplying: (a) the amount equal to the Reference Rate applicable
to the Debt during the Interest Accrual Period in which such date of determination occurs; by (b) the amount (not less than
zero) equal to (i) the Aggregate Principal Balance (including for this purpose any capitalized interest) of the Collateral Obligations
as of such date of determination minus (ii) the Reinvestment Target Par Balance; by (c) the Aggregate Principal Balance
of Floating Rate Obligations divided by the Aggregate Principal Balance of Collateral Obligations.

"Aggregate Funded Spread":
As of any date of determination, the sum of:

(a) in the case of each Floating Rate Obligation that bears interest
at a spread over a secured overnight financing rate based index (or such other rate as is then the prevailing floating index, as determined
by the Portfolio Manager (with written notice to the Collateral Trustee and the Collateral Administrator)), (i) the stated interest
rate spread and any applicable spread adjustment (excluding the unfunded portion of any Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation and Revolving
Collateral Obligation and, in the case of any security that in accordance with its terms is making payments due thereon "in kind"
in lieu of Cash, any interest to the extent not paid in Cash) on such Collateral Obligation above such index, multiplied by (ii) the
Principal Balance (including for this purpose any capitalized interest but excluding the unfunded portion of any Delayed Drawdown Collateral
Obligation or Revolving Collateral Obligation) of such Collateral Obligation; and

(b) in the case of each Floating Rate Obligation that bears interest
at a spread over an index other than a secured overnight financing rate based index (or such other prevailing floating index determined
by the Portfolio Manager in clause (a) above), (i) the excess of the sum of such spread and such index and any applicable spread
adjustment (excluding the unfunded portion of any Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation and Revolving Collateral Obligation and, in
the case of any security that in accordance with its terms is making payments due thereon "in kind" in lieu of Cash, any interest
to the extent not paid in Cash) over the Reference Rate as of the immediately preceding Interest Determination Date (which spread or
excess may be expressed as a negative percentage), multiplied by (ii) the Principal Balance (including for this purpose any capitalized
interest but excluding the unfunded portion of any Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation or Revolving Collateral Obligation) of each
such Collateral Obligation;

provided,
that for purposes of this definition, the interest rate spread will be deemed to be (I) with respect to any Floating Rate
Obligation that has an index floor, the stated interest rate spread plus, if positive, (x) the index floor value minus (y) the
Reference Rate as in effect for the current Interest Accrual Period, (II) with respect to any Step-Up Obligation shall be its
then current interest rate (or the sum of such interest rate spread plus the index, as applicable) and (III) with respect to
any Step-Down Obligation, the lowest permissible spread pursuant to the Underlying Instruments; provided further, that with
respect to any Floating Rate Asset that is a Permitted Withholding Tax Asset, for purposes of the calculation in (a) above, an
amount equal to any expected withholding tax (as reasonably determined by or on behalf of the Issuer) on such Permitted Withholding
Tax Asset shall be excluded.

7

"Aggregate Outstanding Amount":
With respect to any of the Debt as of any date, the aggregate unpaid principal amount of such Debt Outstanding (including any Deferred
Interest previously added to the principal amount of the related Class of Debt that remains unpaid) on such date.

"Aggregate Principal Balance":
When used with respect to all or a portion of the Collateral Obligations or the Assets, the sum of the Principal Balances of all
or of such portion of the Collateral Obligations or Assets, respectively.

"Aggregate
Unfunded Spread": As of any date of determination, the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (i) for each
Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation and Revolving Collateral Obligation (other than Defaulted Obligations), the related
commitment fee then in effect as of such date and (ii) the undrawn commitments of each such Delayed Drawdown Collateral
Obligation and Revolving Collateral Obligation as of such date; provided that, with respect to any Delayed Funding Asset that
is a Permitted Withholding Tax Asset, in determining the commitment fee for (i) above, an amount equal to any expected
withholding tax (as reasonably determined by the Collateral Manager) on such commitment fee shall be excluded.

"Anti-Money Laundering Laws":
The meaning specified in Section 2.5(h)(xvi).

"Applicable Qualified Valuation": The meaning specified in Section 12.3(a).

"Approved Index List":
The nationally recognized indices specified in Schedule 4 hereto as amended from time to time by the Portfolio Manager with prior notice
of any amendment to S&P in respect of such amendment and a copy of any such amended Approved Index List to the Collateral Administrator.

"Assets": The meaning
assigned in the Granting Clauses hereof.

"Assumed Reinvestment Rate":
The Reference Rate (as determined on the most recent Interest Determination Date relating to an Interest Accrual Period beginning on a
Payment Date or the Closing Date, as applicable); provided that, the Assumed Reinvestment Rate shall not be less than 0.00%.

"Authenticating Agent":
With respect to the Notes or a Class of the Notes, the Person designated by the Collateral Trustee to authenticate such Notes on
behalf of the Collateral Trustee pursuant to Section 6.14.

"Authorized
Officer": With respect to the Issuer, any Officer or any other Person who is authorized to act for the Issuer, as
applicable, in matters relating to, and binding upon, the Issuer and, for the avoidance of doubt, shall include any duly appointed
attorney-in-fact of the Issuer. With respect to the Portfolio Manager, any Officer, employee, member or agent of the Portfolio
Manager who is authorized to act for the Portfolio Manager in matters relating to, and binding upon, the Portfolio Manager with
respect to the subject matter of the request, certificate or order in question. With respect to the Collateral Trustee, the Loan
Agent, the Collateral Administrator or any other bank or trust company acting as trustee of an express trust or as custodian, a Bank
Officer. With respect to any Authenticating Agent, any Officer of such Authenticating Agent who is authorized to authenticate the
Notes. Each party may receive and accept a certification of the authority of any other party as conclusive evidence of the authority
of any person to act, and such certification may be considered as in full force and effect until receipt by such other party of
written notice to the contrary.

8

"Average Life": The
meaning specified in the definition of "Weighted Average Life."

"Balance": On any
date, with respect to Cash or Eligible Investments in any Account, the aggregate of the (i) current balance of Cash, demand deposits,
time deposits, certificates of deposit and federal funds; (ii) principal amount of interest-bearing corporate and government securities,
money market accounts and repurchase obligations; and (iii) purchase price (but not greater than the face amount) of non-interest-bearing
government and corporate securities and commercial paper.

"Bank": U.S. Bank
Trust Company, National Association, in its individual capacity, or any successor thereto.

"Bank Officer": When
used with respect to the Collateral Trustee, any Officer within the Corporate Trust Office (or any successor group of the Collateral Trustee)
including any Officer to whom any corporate trust matter is referred at the Corporate Trust Office because of such person's knowledge
of and familiarity with the particular subject and, in each case, having direct responsibility for the administration of this transaction.

"Bankruptcy Code":
The federal Bankruptcy Code, Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended from time to time.

"Bankruptcy Filing":
The institution against, or joining any other Person in instituting against, the Issuer, any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement,
insolvency, winding up, moratorium or liquidation Proceedings, or other Proceedings under U.S. federal or state bankruptcy or similar
laws.

"Base Management
Fee": The fee payable to the Portfolio Manager in arrears on each Payment Date pursuant to Section 8 of the Portfolio
Management Agreement and the Priority of Payments in an amount equal to the product of 0.20% per annum (calculated on the basis of a
360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed during the related Interest Accrual Period) of the Fee Basis Amount measured as
of the first day of the Collection Period relating to each Payment Date.

"Benefit
Plan Investor": Any of the following: (a) any "employee benefit plan" (as defined in
Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is subject to the fiduciary responsibility provisions of Title I of ERISA, (b) any
"plan" as defined in Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code to which Section 4975 of the Code applies or
(c) any entity whose underlying assets are deemed to include "plan assets" by reason of an employee benefit plan's or
a plan's investment in the entity within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulation or otherwise.

"Bridge Loan":
Any loan that (x) is incurred in connection with a merger, acquisition, consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of
the assets of a Person or similar transaction and (y) by its terms, is required to be repaid within one year of the incurrence
thereof with proceeds from additional borrowings or other refinancings (other than any additional borrowing or refinancing if one or
more financial institutions shall have provided the issuer of such loan with a binding written commitment to provide the same, so
long as (i) such commitment is equal to the outstanding principal amount of the Bridge Loan and (ii) such committed
replacement facility has a maturity of at least one year and cannot be extended beyond such maturity pursuant to the terms
thereof).

9

"Business Day": Any
day other than (i) a Saturday or a Sunday or (ii) a day on which commercial banks are authorized or required by applicable law,
regulation or executive order to close in New York, New York or in the city in which the Corporate Trust Office of the Collateral Trustee
(and with respect to actions by the Loan Agent, the Corporate Trust Office of the Loan Agent) is located, which shall initially be Houston,
Texas, or, for any final payment of principal, in the relevant place of presentation.

"Calculation Agent":
The meaning specified in Section 7.16.

"Cash": Such money
(as defined in Article 1 of the UCC) or funds denominated in currency of the United States of America as at the time shall be legal
tender for payment of all public and private debts, including funds standing to the credit of any Account.

"CCC Collateral Obligation":
A Collateral Obligation (other than a Defaulted Obligation or a Deferring Obligation) with an S&P Rating of "CCC+" or lower.

"CCC Excess": An amount
equal to the excess, if any, of the Aggregate Principal Balance of all CCC Collateral Obligations over an amount equal to 17.5% of the
Collateral Principal Amount as of such date of determination; provided that, in determining which of the CCC Collateral Obligations
will be included in the CCC Excess, the CCC Collateral Obligations with the lowest Market Value (assuming that such Market Value is expressed
as a percentage of the Aggregate Principal Balance of such Collateral Obligations as of such date of determination) shall be deemed to
constitute such CCC Excess.

"Certificate of Authentication":
The meaning specified in Section 2.1.

"Certificated Note":
Any Note issued in the form of a definitive, fully registered note without coupons registered in the name of the owner or nominee thereof,
duly executed by the Issuer and authenticated by the Collateral Trustee as herein provided.

"Certificated Security":
The meaning specified in Article 8 of the UCC.

"Certifying Person":
Any Person that certifies that it is the owner of a beneficial interest in a Global Note substantially in the form of Exhibit D.

"Class": In the case
of (x) the Debt, all of the Debt having the same Interest Rate (except for additional notes issued after the Closing Date having
the same designation but issued at a different Interest Rate), Stated Maturity and designation and (y) the Interests, all of the
Interests. For purposes of exercising any rights to consent, give direction or otherwise vote, any Pari Passu Classes will be treated
as a single Class, including when a Class is described as "voting separately," in each case except as expressly provided
herein.

"Class A/B Coverage Tests":
The Overcollateralization Ratio Test and the Interest Coverage Test as applied to the Class A-1 Debt, the Class A-2 Debt and
the Class B Notes.

10

"Class A Credit Agreements": Collectively,
the Class A-1L Credit Agreement, the Class A-1W Credit Agreement and the Class A-2L Credit Agreement.

"Class A Loans": Collectively, the
Class A-1 Loans and the Class A-2L Loans.

"Class A-1L Assignment/Conversion" has the meaning specified
in Section 2.15(d).

"Class A-1L Conversion Date" has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(a).

"Class A-1L Conversion
Option": The option of any Class A-1L Lender to convert all or a portion of the Class A-1L Loans into an equivalent
Aggregate Outstanding Amount of Class A-1 Notes in accordance with Section 2.15 and the Class A-1L Credit Agreement.

"Class A-1L Credit Agreement":
That certain credit agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among the Issuer, as borrower, the Class A-1L Loan Agent, the Collateral
Trustee and the Class A-1L Lenders party thereto, as amended from time to time in accordance with its terms.

"Class A-1 Debt":
Collectively, the Class A-1 Notes, and the Class A-1 Loans.

"Class A-1L Lender":
Each lender party to the Class A-1L Credit Agreement from time to time and reflected as a holder of the Class A-1L Loans in
the Loan Register.

"Class A-1L Loan Agent":
The Bank, in its capacity as loan agent under the Class A-1L Credit Agreement, unless and until a successor person shall have become
the loan agent pursuant to the provisions thereof, and thereafter, the "Class A-1L Loan Agent" shall mean such successor
person.

"Class A-1L Loans":
The Class A-1L Loans incurred by the Issuers under the Class A-1L Credit Agreement (including any additional Class A-1L
Loans incurred in accordance with the terms of the Class A-1L Credit Agreement and this Indenture).

"Class A-1 Loans":
Collectively, the Class A-1L Loans and the Class A-1W Loans.

"Class A-1 Notes": The Class A-1
Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes issued pursuant to this Indenture and having the characteristics specified in Section 2.3(b).

"Class A-1W Assignment/Conversion"
has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(d).

"Class A-1W Conversion Date" has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(a).

"Class A-1W Conversion
Option": The option of any Class A-1W Lender to convert all or a portion of the Class A-1W Loans into an equivalent
Aggregate Outstanding Amount of Class A-1 Notes in accordance with Section 2.16 and the Class A-1W Credit Agreement.

"Class A-1W Credit Agreement":
That certain credit agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among the Issuer, as borrower, the Class A-1W Loan Agent, the Collateral
Trustee and the Class A-1W Lenders party thereto, as amended from time to time in accordance with its terms.

"Class A-1W Lender":
Each lender party to the Class A-1W Credit Agreement from time to time and reflected as a holder of the Class A-1W Loans in
the Loan Register.

11

"Class A-1W Loan Agent":
The Bank, in its capacity as loan agent under the Class A-1W Credit Agreement, unless and until a successor person shall have become
the loan agent pursuant to the provisions thereof, and thereafter, the "Class A-1W Loan Agent" shall mean such successor
person.

"Class A-1W Loans":
The Class A-1W Loans incurred by the Issuers under the Class A-1W Credit Agreement (including any additional Class A-1W
Loans incurred in accordance with the terms of the Class A-1W Credit Agreement and this Indenture).

"Class A-2 Debt": Collectively, the
Class A-2 Notes and the Class A-2L Loans.

"Class A-2L Assignment/Conversion" has the meaning specified
in Section 2.15(d).

"Class A-2L Conversion Date" has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(a).

"Class A-2L Conversion
Option": The option of any Class A-2L Lender to convert all or a portion of the Class A-2L Loans into an equivalent
Aggregate Outstanding Amount of Class A-2 Notes in accordance with Section 2.17 and the Class A-2L Credit Agreement.

"Class A-2L Credit Agreement":
That certain credit agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among the Issuer, as borrower, the Class A-2L Loan Agent, the Collateral
Trustee and the Class A-2L Lenders party thereto, as amended from time to time in accordance with its terms.

"Class A-2L Lender":
Each lender party to the Class A-2L Credit Agreement from time to time and reflected as a holder of the Class A-2L Loans in
the Loan Register.

"Class A-2L Loan Agent":
The Bank, in its capacity as loan agent under the Class A-2L Credit Agreement, unless and until a successor person shall have become
the loan agent pursuant to the provisions thereof, and thereafter, the "Class A-2L Loan Agent" shall mean such successor
person.

"Class A-2L Loans":
The Class A-2L Loans incurred by the Issuers under the Class A-2L Credit Agreement (including any additional Class A-2L
Loans incurred in accordance with the terms of the Class A-2L Credit Agreement and this Indenture).

"Class A-2 Notes":
The Class A-2 Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes issued pursuant to this Indenture and having the characteristics specified in Section 2.3(b).

"Class B Notes":
The Class B Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes issued pursuant to this Indenture and having the characteristics specified in Section 2.3(b).

"Class Break-even
Default Rate": With respect to the Highest Ranking S&P Class, the maximum percentage of defaults, at any time, that the
Current Portfolio or the Proposed Portfolio, as applicable, can sustain, determined through application of the applicable S&P
CDO Monitor that is applicable to the portfolio of Collateral Obligations, which, after giving effect to S&P's assumptions on
recoveries, defaults and timing and to the Priority of Payments, will result in sufficient funds remaining for the payment of such
Class or Classes of Notes in full. After the Effective Date, S&P will provide the Portfolio Manager with the
Class Break-even Default Rates for each S&P CDO Monitor based upon the Weighted Average Floating Spread and the
Weighted Average S&P Recovery Rate to be
associated with such S&P CDO Monitor as selected by the Portfolio Manager (with a copy to the Collateral Administrator) from Schedule
5 or any other Weighted Average Floating Spread and Weighted Average S&P Recovery Rate selected by the Portfolio Manager from time
to time.

12

"Class C Coverage Tests":
The Overcollateralization Ratio Test and the Interest Coverage Test as applied to the Class C Notes.

"Class C Notes":
The Class C Secured Deferrable Floating Rate Notes issued pursuant to this Indenture and having the characteristics specified in
Section 2.3(b).

"Class Default Differential":
With respect to the Highest Ranking S&P Class, at any time, the rate calculated by subtracting the Class Scenario Default Rate
at such time for such Class of Debt from the Class Break-even Default Rate for such Class of Debt at such time.

"Class Scenario Default
Rate": With respect to the Highest Ranking S&P Class, at any time, an estimate of the cumulative default rate for the Current
Portfolio or the Proposed Portfolio, as applicable, consistent with S&P's Initial Rating of such Class of Debt, determined by
application of the S&P CDO Monitor at such time.

"Clean-Up Call Redemption": The meaning
specified in Section 9.7(a).

"Clean-Up Call Redemption Price": The meaning specified in Section 9.7(b).

"Clearing Agency": An organization registered
as a "clearing agency" pursuant to Section 17A of the Exchange Act.

"Clearing Corporation": (i) Clearstream,
(ii) DTC, (iii) Euroclear and (iv) any entity included within the meaning of "clearing corporation" under Article 8
of the UCC.

"Clearing Corporation Note":
Debt that is in the custody of or maintained on the books of a Clearing Corporation or a nominee subject to the control of a Clearing
Corporation and, if they are Certificated Securities in registered form, properly endorsed to or registered in the name of the Clearing
Corporation or such nominee.

"Clearstream": Clearstream Banking, socit
anonyme, a corporation organized under the laws of the Duchy of Luxembourg.

"CLO Information Service":
Initially, Intex, and thereafter any third-party vendor that compiles and provides access to information regarding collateralized
loan obligation transactions and is selected by the Portfolio Manager to receive copies of the Monthly Report and Distribution Report.

"Closing Date": March 28, 2025.

"Closing Date Participation Seller": CCT
Tokyo Funding LLC.

"Code": The United States Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended.

13

"Collateral Administration
Agreement": The agreement dated as of the Closing Date among the Issuer, the Portfolio Manager and the Collateral Administrator,
as amended from time to time in accordance with its terms.

"Collateral Administrator":
The Bank, in its capacity as collateral administrator under the Collateral Administration Agreement, and any successor thereto.

"Collateral Interest Amount":
As of any date of determination, without duplication, the aggregate amount of Interest Proceeds that has been received or that is expected
to be received (other than Interest Proceeds expected to be received from Defaulted Obligations and Deferring Obligations, but including
Interest Proceeds actually received from Defaulted Obligations and Deferring Obligations), in each case during the Collection Period (and,
if such Collection Period does not end on a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day) in which such date of determination occurs
(or after such Collection Period but on or prior to the related Payment Date if such Interest Proceeds would be treated as Interest Proceeds
with respect to such Collection Period).

"Collateral Obligation":
A Senior Secured Loan, Second Lien Loan, an Unsecured Loan (including, but not limited to, interests in bank loans acquired by way of
a purchase or assignment) or Participation Interest therein, or a Permitted Non-Loan Asset, in each case that, as of the date of acquisition
or commitment to acquire by the Issuer:

(i) is U.S. Dollar denominated and is neither convertible by the issuer thereof into, nor payable in, any other currency;

(ii) is not a Defaulted Obligation or a Credit Risk Obligation, unless in either case such obligation is a Purchased Defaulted Obligation
or is being acquired in connection with an Exchange Transaction or a Swapped Defaulted Obligation Transaction;

(iii) is not a lease (including a finance lease);

(iv) is not an Interest Only Obligation;

(v) provides (in the case of a Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation or Revolving Collateral Obligation, with respect to amounts drawn
thereunder) for a fixed amount of principal payable in Cash on scheduled payment dates and/or at maturity and does not by its terms provide
for earlier amortization or prepayment at a price of less than par;

(vi) does not constitute Margin Stock;

(vii) except in the case of a Permitted Withholding Tax Asset, provides for payments that do not, at the time the obligation is acquired,
subject the Issuer to withholding tax or other tax, other than withholding tax as to which the Obligor or issuer is required to make "gross-up"
payments that ensure that the net amount actually received by the Issuer (after payment of all taxes, whether imposed on such Obligor
or the Issuer) will equal the full amount that the Issuer would have received had no such taxes been imposed;

14

(viii) has an S&P Rating of "CCC-" or higher (unless such obligation is a Purchased Defaulted Obligation, is being acquired
in an Exchange Transaction or a Swapped Defaulted Obligation Transaction or had such rating which was withdrawn within the preceding twelve
(12) months);

(ix) is not a debt obligation whose repayment is subject to substantial non-credit related risk as determined by the Portfolio Manager
in accordance with the Portfolio Manager Standard;

(x) except for Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligations and Revolving Collateral Obligations, is not an obligation pursuant to which any
future advances or payments (other than Excepted Advances) to the borrower or the Obligor thereof may be required to be made by the Issuer;

(xi) is not a Zero Coupon Obligation or a Structured Finance Obligation;

(xii) will not require the Issuer or the pool of Assets to be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act;

(xiii) if it is a Participation Interest (other than an Affiliate Participation Interest), the Third Party Credit Exposure Limits are satisfied
with respect to the acquisition thereof;

(xiv) is not the subject of an Offer other than (A) a Permitted Offer or (B) an exchange offer in which an obligation that is
not registered under the Securities Act is exchanged for an obligation that has substantially identical terms (except for transfer restrictions)
but is registered under the Securities Act or an obligation that would otherwise qualify for purchase under the Investment Criteria;

(xv) is Registered;

(xvi) is not a Synthetic Obligation;

(xvii) does not pay interest less frequently than semi-annually;

(xviii) is not a Letter of Credit Reimbursement Obligation;

(xix) does not include or support a letter of credit;

(xx) is not an interest in a grantor trust;

(xxi) [reserved];

(xxii) is not issued by a sovereign, or by a corporate issuer located in a country, which sovereign or country on the date on which the obligation
is acquired by the Issuer imposed foreign exchange controls that effectively limit the availability or use of U.S. Dollars to make when due the scheduled
payments of principal thereof and interest thereon;

15

(xxiii) is not issued by an Obligor with a trailing twelve month EBITDA of less than $10,000,000 (or, solely in the case
of any Eligible Recurring Revenue Loan or Drop Down Asset, $5,000,000), as measured at the time of such Collateral Obligation's acquisition
or origination based on the most recent financial information provided by such Obligor;

(xxiv) is not an Equity Security and is not, by its terms, convertible into or exchangeable for an Equity Security;

(xxv) does not mature later than the earliest Stated Maturity of the Debt (unless such obligation is being acquired in an Exchange Transaction,
a Swapped Defaulted Obligation Transaction or an Uptier Priming Transaction);

(xxvi) is issued by a Non-Emerging Market Obligor;

(xxvii) does not have an "f", "p", "sf" or "t" subscript assigned by S&P or an "sf"
subscript assigned by Moody's;

(xxviii) is purchased at a purchase price (expressed as a percentage of the par amount of such Collateral Obligation) not less than 65.0% (unless
such obligation is being acquired in an Exchange Transaction or a Swapped Defaulted Obligation Transaction);

(xxix) if a Deferrable Obligation, is not, at the time of purchase (or commitment to purchase) deferring payment of any accrued and unpaid
interest which would have otherwise been due in cash and continues to remain unpaid (unless such obligation is a Purchased Defaulted Obligation
or is being acquired in connection with an Exchange Transaction or a Swapped Defaulted Obligation Transaction); provided that,
nothing in this clause (xxix) shall be construed to prohibit the acquisition of a Purchased Defaulted Obligation pursuant to Section 12.4;

(xxx) is not a Recurring Revenue Loan (unless such obligation is an Eligible Recurring Revenue Loan);

(xxxi) is not an ESG Prohibited Obligation;

(xxxii) is not issued by an Obligor Domiciled in any country, territory or jurisdiction that is the target of or subject to any sanctions
enforced by the U.S. Government (including, without limitation, the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury),
the United Nations Security Council, or the European Union, HM Treasury; and

(xxxiii) is not an obligation of a Portfolio Company.

For the avoidance of doubt, any Workout Loan designated as a Collateral
Obligation by the Portfolio Manager in accordance with the terms specified in the definition of "Workout Loan" shall constitute
a Collateral Obligation (and not a Workout Loan) following such designation.

16

"Collateral Principal Amount":
As of any date of determination, the sum of (a) the Aggregate Principal Balance of the Collateral Obligations (other than Defaulted
Obligations), including, without duplication, the funded and unfunded balance of any Revolving Collateral Obligation or Delayed Drawdown
Collateral Obligation plus (b) the S&P Collateral Value of all Defaulted Obligations plus (c) without duplication,
the amounts on deposit in the Collection Account and the Ramp-Up Account (including Eligible Investments therein) representing Principal
Proceeds.

"Collateral Quality Test":
A test satisfied on any date of determination on and after the Effective Date and during the Reinvestment Period if, in the aggregate,
the Collateral Obligations owned (or in relation to a proposed purchase of a Collateral Obligation, proposed to be owned) by the Issuer
satisfy each of the tests set forth below (or, after the Effective Date, if a test is not satisfied on such date of determination, the
degree of compliance with such test is maintained or improved after giving effect to any purchase or sale effected on such date of determination
or any applicable Trading Plan), calculated in each case as required by Section 1.2 herein:

(i) the Minimum Floating Spread Test;

(ii) the Minimum Weighted Average Coupon Test;

(iii) the S&P CDO Monitor Test;

(iv) the Minimum Weighted Average S&P Recovery Rate Test;

(v) the Moodys Equivalent Weighted Average Rating Factor Test; and

(vi) the Weighted Average Life Test.

"Collateral Trustee":
The meaning specified in the first sentence of this Indenture, and any successor thereto.

"Collateral Trustee's Website":
The Collateral Trustee's internet website, which shall initially be located at https://pivot.usbank.com, or such other address as the
Collateral Trustee may provide to the Issuer, the Portfolio Manager and the Rating Agency.

"Collection Account":
The meaning specified in Section 10.2(a).

"Collection Period":
(i) With respect to the first Payment Date, the period commencing on the Closing Date and ending at the close of business on the
last Business Day of the month prior to the first Payment Date; and (ii) with respect to any other Payment Date, the period commencing
on the day immediately following the end of the prior Collection Period and ending (a) in the case of the final Collection Period
preceding the latest Stated Maturity of any Class of Debt, on the day preceding such Stated Maturity, (b) in the case of the
final Collection Period preceding an Optional Redemption (other than a Refinancing) or a Tax Redemption in whole of the Debt or a Clean-Up
Call Redemption of the Debt, on the day preceding the Redemption Date and (c) in any other case, at the close of business on the
last Business Day of each month prior to such Payment Date.

17

"Concentration
Limitations": Limitations satisfied on any date of determination on or after the Effective Date and during the Reinvestment
Period if, in the aggregate, the Collateral Obligations owned (or in relation to a proposed purchase of a Collateral Obligation,
proposed to be owned) by the Issuer comply with all of the requirements set forth below (or in relation to a proposed purchase after
the Effective Date, except to the extent that compliance is otherwise expressly required, if not in compliance, the relevant
requirements must be maintained or improved after giving effect to the purchase except as otherwise provided in the Investment
Criteria), calculated in each case as required by Section 1.2 herein:

(i) not less than 92.5% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Senior Secured Loans (excluding First Lien Last Out Loans),
Cash and Eligible Investments;

(ii) not more than 7.5% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist, in the aggregate, of Second Lien Loans, First Lien Last Out Loans,
Unsecured Loans and Permitted Non-Loan Assets; provided that, not more than 5.0% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist
of Permitted Non-Loan Assets;

(iii) (A) not more than 2.5% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Collateral Obligations issued by a single Obligor and
its Affiliates, except that Collateral Obligations (other than DIP Collateral Obligations) issued by up to five Obligors and their respective
Affiliates may each constitute up to 3.0% of the Collateral Principal Amount and (B) not more than 1.5% of the Collateral Principal
Amount may consist of Collateral Obligations issued by a single obligor that are not Senior Secured Loans;

(iv) not more than 17.5% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of CCC Collateral Obligations;

(v) [reserved];

(vi) not more than 5.0% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Collateral Obligations that pay interest less frequently than
quarterly;

(vii) not more than 5.0% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Fixed Rate Obligations;

(viii) not more than 5.0% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Current Pay Obligations;

(ix) not more than 5.0% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of DIP Collateral Obligations;

(x) not more than 10.0% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist, in the aggregate, of unfunded commitments under Delayed Drawdown
Collateral Obligations and unfunded and funded commitments under Revolving Collateral Obligations;

(xi) not more than 7.5% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Deferrable Obligations;

18

(xii) not more than 7.5% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Participation Interests and the Third Party Credit Exposure Limits
may not be exceeded with respect thereto (other than with respect to Affiliate Participation Interests);

(xiii) not more than 10.0% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Discount Obligations;

(xiv) not more than 10.0% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Collateral Obligations with an S&P Rating derived from a
publicly monitored rating by Moody's as set forth in clause (iii)(a) of the definition of the term "S&P Rating";

(xv) no more than the percentage listed below of the Collateral Principal Amount may be issued by Obligors Domiciled in the country or
countries set forth opposite such percentage:

% Limit Country or Countries

15.0% all countries (in the aggregate) other than the United States;

15.0% Canada;

10.0% all Group I Countries in the aggregate;

5.0% any individual Group I Country;

5.0% all Group II Countries in the aggregate;

5.0% any individual Group II Country;

1.5% all Group III Countries in the aggregate;

7.5% all Tax Jurisdictions in the aggregate;

(xvi) not more than 12.0% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Collateral Obligations that are issued by Obligors that belong
to any single S&P Industry Classification, except that (x) the largest S&P Industry Classification may represent up to 20.0% of the Collateral
Principal Amount, (y) Collateral Obligations in up to two S&P Industry Classification groups may each represent up to 17.0% of
the Collateral Principal Amount and (z) Collateral Obligations in one S&P Industry Classification group may represent up to 15.0%
of the Collateral Principal Amount;

(xvii) not more than 15.0% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Cov-Lite Loans; provided that, not more than 10.0% of
the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Cov-Lite Loans that are issued by an Obligor that has a trailing twelve month EBITDA of
less than $40,000,000 as measured at the time of such Collateral Obligation's acquisition or origination based on the most recent financial
information provided by such Obligor; provided, further, that, not more than 5.0% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist
of Cov-Lite Loans that are issued by an Obligor that has a trailing twelve month EBITDA of less than $20,000,000 as measured at the time of such Collateral Obligation's
acquisition or origination based on the most recent financial information provided by such Obligor;

19

(xviii) not more than 10.0% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Collateral Obligations that are issued by Obligors with a trailing
twelve month EBITDA of less than $15,000,000 as measured at the time of such Collateral Obligation's acquisition or origination based
on the most recent financial information provided by such Obligor;

(xix) not more than 5.0% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Eligible Recurring Revenue Loans;

(xx) not more than 2.5% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Step-Up Obligations; and

(xxi) not more than 3.0% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Uptier Priming Debt.

"Confidential Information": The meaning
specified in Section 14.15(b).

"Contribution": The meaning specified in Section 10.3(f).

"Contribution Account": The contribution
account established pursuant to Section 10.3(f).

"Contribution Notice": The meaning specified in Section 10.3(f).

"Contributor": The meaning specified in
Section 10.3(f).

"Controlling Class":
The Class A-1 Debt so long as any Class A-1 Debt is Outstanding; then the Class A-2 Debt so long as any Class A-2
Debt are Outstanding; then the Class B Notes so long as any Class B Notes are Outstanding; and then the Class C Notes so
long as any Class C Notes are Outstanding.

"Controlling Person":
A Person (other than a Benefit Plan Investor) that has discretionary authority or control with respect to the assets of the Issuer or
any Person who provides investment advice for a fee (direct or indirect) with respect to such assets or an affiliate of any such Person.
For this purpose, an "affiliate" of a Person includes any Person, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries,
controlling, controlled by, or under common control with the Person. "Control," with respect to a Person other than an individual,
means the power to exercise a controlling influence over the management or policies of such Person.

"Controversial Weapons":
Any controversial weapons, including anti-personnel mines, biological and chemical weapons, cluster weapons, depleted uranium, nuclear
weapons, white phosphorus, assault weapons, and automatic and semi-automatic handguns, in each case, which are prohibited under, to the
extent applicable, the United Nations Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be
Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects of 1983.

20

"Converting Class A-1L
Lender": Any Class A-1L Lender exercising the Conversion Option pursuant to Section 2.15 and the Class A-1L Credit
Agreement.

"Converting Class A-1W
Lender": Any Class A-1W Lender exercising the Conversion Option pursuant to Section 2.16 and the Class A-1W Credit
Agreement.

"Converting Class A-2L
Lender": Any Class A-2L Lender exercising the Conversion Option pursuant to Section 2.17 and the Class A-2L Credit
Agreement.

"Corporate
Trust Office": The designated corporate trust office of the Collateral Trustee, currently located at U.S. Bank Trust Company,
National Association, (i) for purposes of Note transfer issues: 111 Fillmore Avenue East, St. Paul, Minnesota 55107-1042, Attention:
Bondholder Services EP MN WS2N KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC, (ii) for all other purposes: 8 Greenway
Plaza, Suite 1100, Houston, Texas 77046, Attention: Global Corporate Trust KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC, Email: kkr.team@usbank.com,
or such other address as the Collateral Trustee may designate from time to time by notice to the Holders, the Portfolio Manager and the
Issuer, or the principal corporate trust office of any successor Collateral Trustee. With respect to the Loan Agent, the designated corporate
trust office of each Loan Agent currently located at the office identified in the related Credit Agreements or such other address as the
Loan Agent may designate from time to time by notice to the Holders, the Portfolio Manager and the Issuer.

"Corresponding
Tenor": With respect to any Class of Floating Rate Debt, three months; provided that (x) for the portion
of the first Interest Accrual Period preceding the First Interest Determination End Date, the Reference Rate shall be determined by
interpolating linearly (and rounding to five decimal places) between the rate reported by the Term SOFR Administrator for the next
shorter period of time (relative to the length of such portion of the first Interest Accrual Period) for which rates are available
and the rate reported by the Term SOFR Administrator for the next longer period of time (relative to the length of such portion of
the first Interest Accrual Period) for which rates are available and (y) for the remaining portion of the first Interest
Accrual Period following the First Interest Determination End Date, the Corresponding Tenor will be three months; provided, further,
that for the first Interest Accrual Period with respect to any additional floating rate notes issued or incurred after the Closing
Date in connection with an additional issuance or incurrence pursuant to Section 2.13 or a Refinancing, the Reference Rate may
be determined by interpolating linearly (and rounding to five decimal places) between the rate reported by the Term SOFR
Administrator (or the administrator for the Fallback Rate in effect at such time) for the next shorter period of time (relative to
the length of such Interest Accrual Period) for which rates are available and the rate reported by the Term SOFR Administrator (or
the administrator for the Fallback Rate in effect at such time) for the next longer period of time (relative to the length of such
Interest Accrual Period) for which rates are available. With respect to any Collateral Obligation, its Corresponding Tenor will be
the applicable period determined in accordance with the related Underlying Instrument.

"Cov-Lite Loan":
A Collateral Obligation that is an interest in a loan, the Underlying Instruments for which do not (i) contain any financial
covenants or (ii) require the borrower thereunder to comply with any Maintenance Covenants; provided that, except for
purposes of determining the S&P Recovery Rate of the applicable loan, a loan which either contains a cross-default or cross-
acceleration provision to, or is pari passu with, another loan of the underlying Obligor that requires such underlying
Obligor to comply with either a financial covenant or a Maintenance Covenant (and for the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of
satisfying this proviso, compliance with a financial covenant or Maintenance Covenant may be required (i) at all times or only
while such other loan is funded or (ii) until the expiration of a certain period of time after the initial issuance thereof)
will be deemed not to be a Cov-Lite Loan.

21

"Coverage Tests":
The Overcollateralization Ratio Test and the Interest Coverage Test, each as applied each specified Class of Debt.

"Credit Amendment":
Any Maturity Amendment that is consummated (a) in connection with the workout or restructuring of a Collateral Obligation as a result
of the financial distress, or actual or imminent bankruptcy or insolvency, of the related Obligor or (b) (i) to prevent the
related Collateral Obligation from becoming a Defaulted Obligation, (ii) due to the materially adverse financial condition of the
Obligor, to minimize material losses on the related Collateral Obligation or (iii) because the related Collateral Obligation will
have a greater market value after giving effect to such Maturity Amendment.

"Credit Improved Criteria":
The criteria that will be met with respect to any Collateral Obligation upon the occurrence of any of the following:

(i) the Obligor of such Collateral Obligation has shown improved financial results since the published financial reports first produced
after it was purchased by the Issuer;

(ii) the Obligor of such Collateral Obligation since the date on which such Collateral Obligation was purchased by the Issuer has raised
significant equity capital or has raised other capital that has improved the liquidity or credit standing of such Obligor;

(iii) such Collateral Obligation has a market price that is greater than the price that is warranted by its terms and credit characteristics,
or improved in credit quality since its acquisition by the Issuer;

(iv) such Collateral Obligation has been upgraded or put on a watch list for possible upgrade by a Rating Agency since the date on which
such Collateral Obligation was acquired by the Issuer;

(v) the proceeds received with respect to its disposition (excluding such proceeds that constitute Interest Proceeds) of such Collateral
Obligation would be at least 101.00% of its purchase price;

(vi) the price of such Collateral Obligation has changed during the period from the date on which it was acquired by the Issuer to the
proposed sale date by a percentage either at least 0.25% more positive, or 0.25% less negative, as the case may be, than the percentage
change in the average price of any index specified on the Approved Index List selected by the Portfolio Manager over the same period;

22

(vii) the spread over the applicable reference rate for such Collateral Obligation has been decreased in accordance with the underlying
Collateral Obligation since the date of acquisition;

(viii) the spread over the applicable reference rate for such Collateral Obligation has been decreased in accordance with the underlying
Collateral Obligation since the date of acquisition by (1) 0.25% or more (in the case of a loan with a spread (prior to such decrease)
less than or equal to 2.00%), (2) 0.375% or more (in the case of a loan with a spread (prior to such decrease) greater than 2.00%
but less than or equal to 4.00%) or (3) 0.50% or more (in the case of a loan with a spread (prior to such decrease) greater than
4.00%) due, in each case, to an improvement in the related borrower's financial ratios or financial results;

(ix) with respect to Fixed Rate Obligations, there has been a decrease in the difference between its yield compared to the yield on the
relevant United States Treasury security of more than 7.5% since the date of purchase; or

(x) it has a projected cash flow interest coverage ratio (earnings before interest and taxes divided by cash interest expense as estimated
by the Portfolio Manager) of the underlying borrower or other Obligor of such Collateral Obligation that is expected to be more than 1.15
times the current year's projected cash flow interest coverage ratio.

"Credit Improved
Obligation": Any Collateral Obligation which, in the Portfolio Manager's reasonable commercial judgment (which judgment
will not be called into question as a result of subsequent events), has significantly improved in credit quality after it was
acquired by the Issuer; provided that, during a Restricted Trading Period, a Collateral Obligation will qualify as a
Credit Improved Obligation only if (i) one or more of the Credit Improved Criteria referred to in clauses (iv) through
(ix) of the definition thereof are satisfied with respect to such Collateral Obligation or (ii) a Majority of the
Controlling Class votes to treat such Collateral Obligation as a Credit Improved Obligation.

"Credit Risk Criteria":
The criteria that will be met with respect to any Collateral Obligation upon the occurrence of any of the following:

(i) such Collateral Obligation has been downgraded or put on a watch list for possible downgrade or on negative outlook by the Rating
Agency since the date on which such Collateral Obligation was acquired by the Issuer;

(ii) the price of such Collateral Obligation has changed during the period from the date on which it was acquired by the Issuer to the
proposed sale date by a percentage either at least 0.25% more negative, or at least 0.25% less positive, as the case may be, than the
percentage change in the average price of any index specified on the Approved Index List selected by the Portfolio Manager over the same
period;

(iii) the price of such Collateral Obligation has decreased or is at risk of decreasing by at least 1.00% of the price paid by the Issuer
for such Collateral Obligation;

23

(iv) the spread over the applicable reference rate for such Collateral Obligation has been increased in accordance with the underlying
Collateral Obligation since the date of acquisition;

(v) such Collateral Obligation has a projected cash flow interest coverage ratio (earnings before interest and taxes divided by cash interest
expense as estimated by the Portfolio Manager) of the underlying borrower or other Obligor of such Collateral Obligation of less than
1.00 or that is expected to be less than 0.85 times the current year's projected cash flow interest coverage ratio; or

(vi) with respect to Fixed Rate Obligations, an increase since the date of purchase of more than 7.5% in the difference between the yield
on such Collateral Obligation and the yield on the relevant United States Treasury security.

"Credit Risk Obligation":
Any Collateral Obligation that, in the Portfolio Manager's reasonable commercial judgment (which judgment shall not be called into question
as a result of subsequent events), has a significant risk of declining in credit quality or price and with the lapse of time, becoming
a Defaulted Obligation; provided, that during a Restricted Trading Period, a Collateral Obligation will qualify as a Credit Risk
Obligation for purposes of sales of Collateral Obligations only if, in addition to the foregoing, (i) such Collateral Obligation
has been downgraded by any Rating Agency at least one rating subcategory or has been placed and remains on a credit watch with negative
implication by Moody's, Fitch or S&P since it was acquired by the Issuer, (ii) the Credit Risk Criteria are satisfied with respect
to such Collateral Obligation or (iii) a Majority of the Controlling Class votes to treat such Collateral Obligation as a Credit
Risk Obligation.

"Current Pay
Obligation": Any Collateral Obligation (other than a DIP Collateral Obligation) that would otherwise be treated as a
Defaulted Obligation but as to which no payments are due and payable that are unpaid and with respect to which the Portfolio Manager
has certified to the Collateral Trustee (with a copy to the Collateral Administrator) in writing that it believes, in its reasonable
business judgment, that the issuer or Obligor of such Collateral Obligation (a) will continue to make scheduled payments of
interest (and/or fees, as applicable, in the case of a Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation or Revolving Collateral Obligation)
thereon and will pay the principal thereof by maturity or as otherwise contractually due, (b) if the issuer or Obligor is
subject to a bankruptcy proceeding, it has been the subject of an order of a bankruptcy court that permits it to make the scheduled
payments on such Collateral Obligation and all payments authorized by the bankruptcy court have been paid in Cash when due and
(c) either (i) has a Market Value of at least 80% of its par value; provided that Market Value will be determined,
solely for the purposes of this clause (c), without taking into consideration clause (iii) of the definition of the term
"Market Value" or (ii) (A) if the Obligor of such Collateral Obligation has made a Distressed Exchange Offer and
such Collateral Obligation is subject to the Distressed Exchange Offer or ranks equal to or higher in priority than the obligation
subject to the Distressed Exchange Offer, (B) in the case of an Distressed Exchange Offer that is a repurchase of debt for
Cash, the repurchased debt will be extinguished and (C) the Issuer does not hold any obligation of the Obligor making the
Distressed Exchange Offer that ranks lower in priority than the obligation subject to the Distressed Exchange Offer.

24

"Current Portfolio":
At any time, the portfolio of Collateral Obligations and Eligible Investments representing Principal Proceeds (determined in accordance
with Section 1.2 to the extent applicable), then held by the Issuer.

"Custodial Account":
The custodial account established pursuant to Section 10.3(b).

"Custodian": The meaning
specified in the first sentence of Section 3.3(a) with respect to items of collateral referred to therein, and each entity
with which an Account is maintained, as the context may require, each of which shall be a Securities Intermediary.

"Cut-Off Date": The
meaning specified in the Loan Sale Agreement.

"Debt": Collectively, the Notes and the Class A Loans.

"Debt Interest Amount":
With respect to any specified Class of Debt and any Payment Date, the amount of interest for the next Interest Accrual Period payable
in respect of each U.S.$100,000 Aggregate Outstanding Amount of such Class of Debt.

"Debt Payment Sequence":
With respect to the application, in accordance with the Priority of Payments, of Interest Proceeds or Principal Proceeds, as applicable,
in the following order:

(i) to
the payment pari passu and pro rata based on amounts due, of any accrued and unpaid interest (including, without limitation,
past due interest, if any) on the Class A-1 Notes, the Class A-1L Loans and the Class A-1W Loans, until such amounts have
been paid in full;

(ii) to
the payment of principal, pasi passu and pro rata based on their respective Aggregate Outstanding Amounts, of the Class A-1
Notes, the Class A-1L Loans and the Class A-1W Loans until the Class A-1 Notes, the Class A-1L Loans and the Class A-1W
Loans have been paid in full;

(iii) to
the payment pari passu and pro rata based on amounts due, of any accrued and unpaid interest (including, without limitation,
past due interest, if any) on the Class A-2 Notes and the Class A-2L Loans, until such amounts have been paid in full;

(iv) to
the payment of principal, pasi passu and pro rata based on their respective Aggregate Outstanding Amounts, of the Class A-2
Notes and the Class A-2L Loans until the Class A-2 Notes and the Class A-2L Loans have been paid in full;

(v) to
the payment of accrued and unpaid interest on the Class B Notes until such amount has been paid in full;

(vi) to
the payment of principal of the Class B Notes until such amount has been paid in full;

(vii) to
the payment of, first, accrued and unpaid interest and then any Deferred Interest on the Class C Notes until such amounts
have been paid in full; and

(viii) to
the payment of principal of the Class C Notes until such amount has been paid in full.

25

"Default": Any Event
of Default or any occurrence that is, or with notice or the lapse of time or both would become, an Event of Default.

"Defaulted Obligation":
(x) Each Workout Loan unless and until such Workout Loan constitutes a Collateral Obligation in accordance with the requirements
of the definition of "Collateral Obligation" (provided that for the avoidance of doubt, any Workout Loan that satisfies the
requirements of the definition of "Collateral Obligation" will be treated as a Collateral Obligation for all purposes hereunder)
and (y) any Collateral Obligation included in the Assets as to which:

(a) a default as to the payment of principal and/or interest has occurred and is continuing with respect to such debt obligation (without
regard to any grace period applicable thereto, or waiver or forbearance thereof), after the passage (in the case of a default that in
the Portfolio Manager's judgment is not due to credit-related causes) of five Business Days or seven calendar days, whichever is greater,
but in no case beyond the passage of any grace period applicable thereto;

(b) a default known to a Responsible Officer of the Portfolio Manager as to the payment of principal and/or interest has occurred and
is continuing on another debt obligation of the same issuer which is senior or pari passu in right of payment to such Collateral
Obligation; provided that, both the debt obligation and such other debt obligation are full recourse obligations of the applicable
issuer or secured by the same collateral and the holders thereof have accelerated the maturity of such obligation; provided, further,
that such debt obligation shall constitute a Defaulted Obligation under this clause (b) only until such default is waived or
cured, or such acceleration has been rescinded, as applicable;

(c) the issuer or others have instituted proceedings to have the issuer of such debt obligation adjudicated as bankrupt or insolvent or
placed into receivership and such proceedings have not been stayed or dismissed for a period of 60 consecutive days of filing or such
issuer has filed for protection under the Bankruptcy Code;

(d) (i) such Collateral Obligation has an S&P Rating of "CC" or below or "SD" or had such ratings immediately
before such ratings were withdrawn;

(e) such Collateral Obligation is pari passu or subordinate in right of payment as to the payment of principal and/or interest
to another debt obligation of the same issuer that would constitute a Defaulted Obligation under clause (d) above were such other
debt obligation owned by the Issuer (provided, that both the debt obligation and such other debt obligation are full recourse obligations
of the applicable issuer);

(f) a default with respect to which a Responsible Officer of the Portfolio Manager has received written notice or has knowledge that a
default has occurred under the Underlying Instruments and any applicable grace period has expired and the holders of such debt obligation
have accelerated the repayment of the debt obligation (but only until such default is cured or waived or such acceleration has been rescinded)
in the manner provided in the Underlying Instrument;

26

(g) the Portfolio Manager has in its reasonable commercial judgment otherwise declared such debt obligation to be a Defaulted Obligation;

(h) such Collateral Obligation is a Participation Interest with respect to which the Selling Institution has defaulted in any respect
in the performance of any of its payment obligations under the Participation Interest (except to the extent such defaults were cured within
the applicable grace period under the Underlying Instruments of the Obligor thereof); or

(i) such Collateral Obligation is a Participation Interest in a loan that would, if such loan were a Collateral Obligation, constitute
a Defaulted Obligation (other than pursuant to this clause (i)) or with respect to which the Selling Institution has an S&P Rating
of "CC" or below or "SD" or had such rating immediately before such rating was withdrawn;

provided
that, (x) a Collateral Obligation shall not constitute a Defaulted Obligation pursuant to any of clauses (b) through
(e) and (i) above if such Collateral Obligation (or, in the case of a Participation Interest, the underlying Senior Secured
Loan, Second Lien Loan or Unsecured Loan) is a Current Pay Obligation (provided that, the Aggregate Principal Balance of
Current Pay Obligations exceeding 5.0% of the Collateral Principal Amount will be treated as Defaulted Obligations) and (y) a Collateral
Obligation shall not constitute a Defaulted Obligation pursuant to any of clauses (b), (c), (d), (e) and (i) if such Collateral
Obligation (or, in the case of a Participation Interest, the underlying Senior Secured Loan, Second Lien Loan or Unsecured Loan) is a
DIP Collateral Obligation.

"Deferrable Obligation":
Any loan on which a portion (but not all) of the interest accrued for a specified portion of time or until the maturity thereof is, or
at the option of the Obligor may be, added to the principal balance of such loan or otherwise deferred rather than being paid in cash;
provided that a loan that requires by the terms of its applicable Underlying Instrument interest to be paid in cash at a rate of
(in the case of a Deferrable Obligation that is a Fixed Rate Obligation) at least 4.00% and (in the case of a Deferrable Obligation that
is a Floating Rate Obligation) at least the Reference Rate plus 1.00% per annum shall be deemed not to be a Deferrable Obligation hereunder.
For the avoidance of doubt, (i) a Zero Coupon Obligation shall be deemed not to be a Deferrable Obligation hereunder and (ii) if
the Obligor under a Deferrable Obligation fails to make a required cash interest payment thereunder, such Deferrable Obligation shall
become a Defaulted Obligation.

"Deferred Base Management Fee":
The meaning specified in the Portfolio Management Agreement.

"Deferred Base Management Fee
Cap": The meaning specified in the Portfolio Management Agreement.

"Deferred Interest":
With respect to any specified Class of Deferred Interest Debt, the meaning specified in Section 2.7(a)(i).

"Deferred Interest Debt":
The Debt specified as "Deferred Interest Debt" in Section 2.3(b).

"Deferred Management Fees":
Collectively the Deferred Base Management Fee and the Deferred Subordinated Management Fee.

27

"Deferred Subordinated Management
Fee": The meaning specified in the Portfolio Management Agreement.

"Deferring Obligation":
A Deferrable Obligation that is deferring the payment of Cash interest due thereon such that (a) in the case of any Floating Rate
Obligation, the spread paid in Cash for a given accrual period is less than the spread in Cash payable on such security when it was acquired
by the Issuer and has been so deferring the payment of interest due thereon but does not include the deferral of the Reference Rate or
(b) in the case of any Fixed Rate Obligation, the total coupon paid in Cash for a given accrual period is less than the total coupon
payable in Cash on such security when it was acquired by the Issuer and has been so deferring the payment of interest due thereon, (other
than supplemental interest in the case of a Deferrable Obligation that continues to pay interest in cash on a current basis in accordance
with the terms of such Deferrable Obligation as such terms existed prior to the applicable deferral or capitalization of interest) in
each case, (i) with respect to Collateral Obligations that have an S&P Rating of at least "BBB-" for the shorter of
two consecutive accrual periods or one year, and (ii) with respect to Collateral Obligations that have an S&P Rating of at least
"BB+" or below, for the shorter of one accrual period or six consecutive months, which deferred capitalized interest has not,
as of the date of determination, been paid in Cash; provided that, such Deferring Obligation will cease to be a Deferring Obligation at
such time as it (a) ceases to defer or capitalize the payment of interest, (b) pays in Cash all accrued and unpaid interest
and (c) commences payment of all current interest in Cash.

"Delayed Drawdown Collateral
Obligation": A Collateral Obligation that (a) requires the Issuer to make one or more future advances to the borrower under
the Underlying Instruments relating thereto, (b) specifies a maximum amount that can be borrowed on one or more fixed borrowing dates,
and (c) does not permit the re-borrowing of any amount previously repaid by the borrower thereunder; provided that, any such
Collateral Obligation will be a Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation only until all commitments by the Issuer to make advances to the
borrower expire or are terminated or are reduced to zero.

"Deliver" or "Delivered"
or "Delivery": The taking of the following steps:

(a) in the case of each Certificated Security or Instrument (other than a Clearing Corporation Note or an Instrument evidencing debt underlying
a Participation Interest), (i) causing the delivery of such Certificated Security or Instrument to the Custodian registered in the
name of the Custodian or its affiliated nominee or endorsed to the Custodian or in blank, (ii) causing the Custodian to continuously
identify on its books and records that such Certificated Security or Instrument is credited to the relevant Account and (iii) causing
the Custodian to maintain continuous possession of such Certificated Security or Instrument;

(b) in the case of each Uncertificated Security (other than a Clearing Corporation Note), (i) causing such Uncertificated Security
to be continuously registered on the books of the Obligor thereof to the Custodian and (ii) causing the Custodian to continuously
identify on its books and records that such Uncertificated Security is credited to the relevant Account;

(c) in the case of each Clearing Corporation Note, causing (i) the relevant Clearing Corporation to continuously credit such
Clearing Corporation Note to the securities account of the Custodian at such Clearing Corporation and (ii) the Custodian to continuously identify on its books and records that such
Clearing Corporation Note is credited to the relevant Account;

28

(d) in the case of any Financial Asset that is maintained in book-entry
form on the records of an FRB, causing (i) the continuous crediting of such Financial Asset to a securities account of the Custodian at
any FRB and (ii) the Custodian to continuously identify on its books and records that such Financial Asset is credited to the relevant
Account;

(e) in the case of Cash, (i) causing the delivery of such Cash to the Custodian,
(ii) causing the Custodian to agree to treat such Cash as a Financial Asset and (iii) causing the Custodian to continuously credit such
Cash to the relevant Account;

(f) in the case of each Financial Asset not covered by the foregoing clauses
(a) through (d), causing the transfer of such Financial Asset to the Custodian in accordance with applicable law and regulation and causing
the Custodian to continuously credit such Financial Asset to the relevant Account;

(g) in the case of each general intangible (including any participation
interest) that is not, or the debt underlying which is not, evidenced by an Instrument or a Certificated Security, notifying the Obligor
thereunder of the Grant to the Collateral Trustee (unless no applicable law requires such notice);

(h) in the case of each participation interest in a loan as to which the
underlying debt is represented by an Instrument or a Certificated Security, obtaining the acknowledgment of the Person in possession of
such Instrument or Certificated Security (which may not be the Issuer) that it holds the Issuer's interest in such Instrument or Certificated
Security solely on behalf and for the benefit of the Collateral Trustee; and

(i) in all cases, the filing of an appropriate Financing Statement in the
appropriate filing office in accordance with the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in any relevant jurisdiction.

"Depository Event":
An event that will occur if DTC (1) notifies the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue as depositary for Global Notes
of any Class or Classes or (2) ceases to be a Clearing Agency registered under the Exchange Act and, in each case, a successor
depositary is not appointed by the Issuer within 90 days after such event.

"Determination Date":
The last day of each Collection Period.

"DIP Collateral Obligation":
A loan made to a debtor-in-possession pursuant to Section 364 of the Bankruptcy Code having the priority allowed by either Section 364(c) or
364(d) of the Bankruptcy Code and fully secured by senior liens.

29

"Discount
Obligation": Any Loan or Participation Interest therein (other than a Defaulted Obligation) which, at the time of
acquisition or commitment to acquire by the Issuer, (a) in the case of a Senior Secured Loan, was acquired for less than
(i) 85.0% of its Principal Balance, if such Collateral Obligation has an S&P Rating lower than "B-" or
(ii) 80.0% of its Principal Balance, if such Collateral Obligation has an S&P Rating of "B-" or higher or
(b) in the case of a Loan that is not a Senior Secured Loan, was acquired for less than (i) 80.0% of its Principal
Balance, if such Collateral Obligation has an S&P Rating lower than "B-" or (ii) 75.0% of its Principal Balance,
if such Collateral Obligation has an S&P Rating of "B-" or higher; provided that, in the case clause
(a) or (b) above:

(x) such Collateral Obligation shall cease to be a Discount Obligation at such time as (1) if such Collateral Obligation is a Senior
Secured Loan, the Market Value (expressed as a percentage of the par amount of such Collateral Obligation) determined for such Collateral
Obligation on each day during any period of 22 consecutive Business Days since the acquisition (or commitment to acquire) by the Issuer
of such Collateral Obligation, equals or exceeds 90.0% on each such day or (2) if such Collateral Obligation is not a Senior Secured
Loan, the Market Value (expressed as a percentage of the par amount of such Collateral Obligation) determined for such Collateral Obligation
on each day during any period of 22 consecutive Business Days since the acquisition (or commitment to acquire) by the Issuer of such Collateral
Obligation, equals or exceeds 85.0% on each such day; and

(y) any Collateral Obligation that would otherwise be considered a Discount Obligation, but that is purchased in accordance with the Investment
Criteria with the proceeds of sale of a Collateral Obligation that was not a Discount Obligation at the time of its purchase so long as
such purchased Collateral Obligation (A) is purchased or committed to be purchased within 20 Business Days of such sale, (B) is
purchased at a purchase price (expressed as a percentage of the par amount of such Collateral Obligation) equal to or greater than the
sale price (expressed as a percentage of the par amount) of the sold Collateral Obligation, (C) is purchased at a
purchase price (expressed as a percentage of the par amount of such Collateral Obligation) not less than 60.0% and (D) has an
S&P Rating equal to or greater than the S&P Rating of the sold Collateral Obligation, will not be considered to be a
Discount Obligation; provided that, this paragraph shall not apply to any such Collateral Obligation or portion
thereof at any time on or after the acquisition by the Issuer of such Collateral Obligation if, as determined at the time of such
acquisition, such application would result in (i) more than 5.0% of the Collateral Principal Amount consisting of Collateral
Obligations or portions thereof to which this paragraph applies or (ii) the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Collateral
Obligations to which this paragraph has been applied since the Closing Date being more than 10.0% of the Target Initial Par
Amount.

"Dissolution Expenses":
The sum of (i) an amount not to exceed the greater of (a) 0.006% of the Target Initial Par Amount and (b) the amount (if
any) reasonably determined by the Portfolio Manager or the Issuer, including but not limited to fees and expenses incurred by the Collateral
Trustee and reported to the Portfolio Manager, as the sum of expenses reasonably likely to be incurred in connection with the discharge
of this Indenture, the liquidation of the Assets and the dissolution of the Issuer and (ii) any accrued and unpaid Administrative
Expenses.

"Distressed
Exchange": In connection with any Collateral Obligation, a distressed exchange or other debt restructuring has occurred, as
reasonably determined by the Portfolio Manager, pursuant to which the issuer or Obligor of such Collateral Obligation has issued to
the holders of such Collateral Obligation a new security or obligation or package of securities or obligations that, in the sole
judgment of the Portfolio Manager, amounts to a diminished financial obligation or has the purpose of helping the issuer of such
Collateral Obligation avoid default; provided that, no Distressed Exchange shall be deemed to have occurred if the
securities or obligations received by the Issuer in connection with such exchange or restructuring satisfy the definition of
Collateral Obligation (provided that the Aggregate Principal Balance of all securities and obligations to which this proviso
applies or has applied, measured cumulatively from the Closing Date onward, may not exceed 25.0% of the Target Initial Par
Amount).

30

"Distressed Exchange Offer":
An offer by the issuer of a Collateral Obligation to exchange one or more of its outstanding debt obligations for a different debt obligation
or to repurchase one or more of its outstanding debt obligations for Cash, or any combination thereof in a distressed exchange or other
debt restructuring, as reasonably determined by the Portfolio Manager, pursuant to which the obligor of such Collateral Obligation has
issued to the holders of such Collateral Obligation a new security or package of securities or obligations that, in the sole judgment
of the Portfolio Manager, amounts to a diminished financial obligation or has the purpose of helping the obligor of such Collateral Obligation
avoid default; provided that, an offer by such issuer to exchange unregistered debt obligations for registered debt obligations
shall not be considered a Distressed Exchange Offer.

"Distribution Report":
The meaning specified in Section 10.7(b).

"Dodd-Frank Act":
The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, as amended.

"Dollar" or "U.S.$":
A dollar or other equivalent unit in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time shall be legal tender for all
debts, public and private.

"Domicile" or "Domiciled":
With respect to any issuer of, or Obligor with respect to, a Collateral Obligation:

(a) except as provided in clause (b) or (c) below, its
country of organization;

(b) if it is organized in a Tax Jurisdiction, each of such jurisdiction and the country in which, in the Portfolio Manager's good faith
estimate, a substantial portion of its operations are located or from which a substantial portion of its revenue is derived, in each case
directly or through subsidiaries (which shall be any jurisdiction and country known at the time of designation by the Portfolio Manager
to be the source of the majority of revenues, if any, of such issuer or Obligor); or

(c) if its payment obligations of such Collateral Obligation are guaranteed by a Person that is organized in the United States or Canada,
then the United States or Canada, as applicable, so long as such guarantee satisfies the Rating Agency's then-current criteria with respect
to guarantees.

"Drop Down Asset":
Any obligation issued or incurred by an unrestricted subsidiary secured by collateral that was transferred from an Obligor of any Collateral
Obligation held by the Issuer (the "Subject Asset") in connection with any bankruptcy, workout or restructuring of such
Collateral Obligation.

"DTC": The Depository
Trust Company, its nominee and their respective successors.

31

"Due Date": Each date
on which any payment is due on an Asset in accordance with its terms.

"EBITDA": With respect
to any date of determination and any Collateral Obligation, the meaning of "EBITDA", "Adjusted EBITDA" or any comparable
definition set forth in the applicable Underlying Instrument for such Collateral Obligation (together with all add-backs and exclusions
as designated in such Underlying Instrument, which add-backs and exclusions have been reviewed and determined on a commercially reasonable
best efforts basis by the Portfolio Manager to be consistent with its customary practices and in accordance with the Portfolio Manager
Standard) and, in the event that "EBITDA", "Adjusted EBITDA" or such comparable definition is not defined in such
Underlying Instrument, an amount, with respect to the Obligor on such Collateral Obligation equal to earnings from continuing operations
for such period plus interest expense, income taxes, unallocated depreciation and amortization for such period (to the extent deducted
in determining earnings from continuing operations for such period).

"Effective Date":
The earlier to occur of (a) September 15, 2025 and (b) the first date on which the Portfolio Manager certifies to the Collateral
Trustee and the Collateral Administrator that the Target Initial Par Condition has been satisfied.

"Effective Date Accountants'
AUP Reports": The meaning specified in Section 7.18(d).

"Effective Date Accountants'
Comparison AUP Report": The meaning specified in Section 7.18(d).

"Effective Date Accountants' Recalculation AUP Report":
The meaning specified in Section 7.18(d).

"Effective Date Interest Deposit Requirements":
The meaning specified in Section 10.3(c).

"Effective Date Rating Failure": The meaning specified in Section 7.18(e).

"Effective Date Ratings Confirmation":
The Issuer has (x) provided, or caused the Collateral Administrator to provide, to each Rating Agency the reports required to be
delivered pursuant to Section 7.18 in connection with the Effective Date and (y) received confirmation (deemed or otherwise)
from S&P of its Initial Ratings of each Class of Debt.

"Effective Date Report": The meaning specified
in Section 7.18(d).

"Electronic Means":
The following communications methods: e-mail, secure electronic transmission containing applicable authorization codes, passwords and/or
authentication keys issued by the Bank, or another method or system specified by the Bank as available for use in connection with its
services hereunder.

"Elevation Deadline": With respect to any
Affiliate Participation Interest, the 90th day following the date on which such Affiliate Participation Interest is conveyed to the Issuer.

"Eligible Custodian": A custodian
that (i) is a state or national bank or trust company that has (A) capital and surplus of at least U.S.$200,000,000 and
(B) is rated at least "A" and "A-1" by S&P (or at least "A+" by S&P if such institution
has no short-term rating) and (ii) is a Securities Intermediary.

32

"Eligible Investment Required
Ratings": A short-term credit rating of "A-1" or higher (or, in the absence of a short-term credit rating, a long-term
credit rating of "A+" or higher, in the case of an obligation or security with a maturity of 60 days or less and, in the case
of an obligation or security with a maturity of greater than 60 days, a long-term rating of at least "AA-" by S&P) from
S&P.

"Eligible Investments":
(i) Cash or (ii) any Dollar investment that, at the time it is Delivered to the Collateral Trustee (directly or through an intermediary
or bailee), is one or more of the following obligations or securities:

(a) direct Registered obligations of, and Registered obligations the timely payment of principal and interest on which is fully and expressly
guaranteed by, the United States of America or any agency or instrumentality of the United States of America the obligations of which
are expressly backed by the full faith and credit of the United States of America and which satisfy the Eligible Investment Required Ratings;

(b) demand and time deposits in, certificates of deposit of, bank deposit products of, trust accounts with, bankers' acceptances issued
by, or federal funds sold by any depository institution or trust company incorporated under the laws of the United States of America (including
the Bank or Affiliates of the Bank) or any state thereof and subject to supervision and examination by federal and/or state banking authorities,
in each case payable within 183 days of issuance, so long as the commercial paper and/or the debt obligations of such depository institution
or trust company (or, in the case of the principal depository institution in a holding company system, the commercial paper or debt obligations
of such holding company) at the time of such investment or contractual commitment providing for such investment have the Eligible Investment
Required Ratings;

(c) commercial paper or other short-term obligations (excluding extendible commercial paper or asset backed commercial paper) which satisfy
the Eligible Investment Required Ratings and that either bear interest or are sold at a discount from the face amount thereof and have
a maturity of not more than 183 days from their date of issuance; and

(d) registered money market funds which funds have, at all times, credit ratings of "AAAm" by S&P;

provided, however,
that Eligible Investments purchased with funds in the Accounts shall be held until maturity except as otherwise specifically
provided herein and shall include only such obligations or securities, other than those referred to in clause (d) above, as
mature (or are putable at par to the issuer or Obligor thereof) no later than the earlier of 60 days from the date of purchase and
the Business Day prior to the next Payment Date unless such Eligible Investments are issued by the Bank in its capacity as a banking
institution or an affiliate thereof, in which event such Eligible Investments may mature on such Payment Date; provided, further,
that none of the foregoing obligations or securities shall constitute Eligible Investments if (1) all, or substantially all, of
the remaining amounts payable thereunder consist of interest and not principal payments, (2) payments with respect to such
obligations or securities or proceeds of disposition are subject to withholding taxes by any jurisdiction unless the payor is
required to make "gross-up" payments that cover the full amount of any such withholding tax on an after-tax basis,
(3) such obligation or security is secured by real property, (4) such obligation or security is purchased at a price
greater than 100% of the principal or face amount thereof, (5) such obligation or security is the subject of a tender offer,
voluntary redemption, exchange offer, conversion or other similar action, (6) in the Portfolio Manager's judgment, such
obligation or security is subject to material non-credit related risks, (7) such obligation invests in or constitutes a
Structured Finance Obligation or (8) such obligation or security is represented by a certificate of interest in a grantor
trust. Eligible Investments may include, without limitation, those investments (x) issued by or made with the Bank or an
Affiliate of the Bank or for which the Bank or an Affiliate of the Bank acts as offeror or provides services and receives
compensation or (y) for which the Portfolio Manager or an Affiliate of the Portfolio Manager provides services and receives
compensation. The Bank has no duty or obligation to determine if any investment is an "Eligible Investment."

33

"Eligible Recurring Revenue
Loan": Any Loan issued by an Obligor that (i) provides software or technology-enabled services and solutions, (ii) is
underwritten on the basis of debt to recurring revenue, (iii) at the time of acquisition, has a loan-to-value ratio of less than
40%, and (iv) has an enterprise value greater than $100,000,000.

"Enforcement Event":
The meaning specified in Section 5.4(a).

"Entitlement Order": The meaning specified in Article 8 of the UCC.

"Equity Security":
Any security or debt obligation (other than a Restructured Loan or Workout Security) which at the time of acquisition, conversion or exchange,
does not satisfy the requirements of a Collateral Obligation and is not an Eligible Investment; it being understood that the Issuer may
only acquire Equity Securities in connection with an insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization, debt restructuring or workout of the issuer
or Obligor thereof.

"ERISA": The United
States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.

"ESG Prohibited Obligation":
Any Collateral Obligation of an obligor whose principal business, as determined by the Collateral Manager, is directly derived from:

(a) thermal coal mining;

(b) (i) the production of or trade in Controversial Weapons; or (ii) the production of or trade in components or services that
have been specifically designed or designated for military purposes for the functioning of Controversial Weapons;

(c) the trade in:

(i.) hazardous chemicals, pesticides and wastes, ozone depleting
substances, or endangered or protected wildlife or wildlife products, of which, in each case, production or trade is banned by applicable
global conventions and agreements;

(ii.) pornography or prostitution; or

(iii.) tobacco or tobacco-related products;

34

(d) dealing, distribution or processing of illegal drugs, chemicals, substances or the sale of illegal drug paraphernalia or materials;

(e) medical and recreational marijuana cultivation, dispensaries and sales, including in states that have legalized marijuana sales;

(f) payday, title and predatory lending;

(g) political campaign committees and political candidates;

(h) embassies and foreign consulates;

(i) private prisons;

(j) internet cafes;

(k) foreign shell banks; or

(l) palm oil production.

"ESMA Reporting Side Letter":
That certain side letter agreement dated as of the Closing Date among the Portfolio Manager, the Issuer and the Collateral Administrator.

"EU Risk Retention Requirements":
The risk retention requirements set out in Article 6 of the EU Securitization Regulation.

"EU Securitization Laws":
(i) The EU Securitization Regulation, and (ii) any supplementary regulatory technical standards, implementing technical standards
and any formal binding guidance published in relation to the EU Securitization Regulation by the European Banking Authority, the European
Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority, the European Securities and Markets Authority or the European Commission, all (except as
otherwise stated) as amended from time to time.

"EU Securitization Regulation":
Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 laying down a general framework for securitisation
and creating a specific framework for simple, transparent and standardised securitisation and amending certain other EU Directives and
Regulations (except as otherwise stated) as amended from time to time.

"EU Transparency Requirements"
means the transparency requirements set out in Article 7 of the EU Securitization Regulation.

"EU/UK Retained
Interest": A material net economic interest in the securitization, of not less than 5% (or such lower amount, including 0%,
if such lower amount is required or allowed under each of the then-applicable EU/UK Risk Retention Requirements as a result of any
amendment, repeal or otherwise) in the form specified in Article 6(3)(d) of the EU Securitization Regulation, and
Article 6(3)(d) of Chapter 2 of the PRASR and SECN 5.2.8(d) of the FCASR (in each case, is in effect on the Closing
Date), by way of holding, subject to the provisions set forth in the Retention Undertaking Letter, the minimum principal amount of
Interests required by the EU Securitization Regulation and the UK Securitization Framework as of the Closing Date, being an amount
equal to not less than 5% of the Retention Basis Amount as of the Closing Date.

35

"EU/UK Retention Holder":
As of the Closing Date, the Transferor, in its capacity as an originator, and thereafter any successor, assignee or transferee of the
EU/UK Retained Interest permitted under the Securitization Laws.

EU/UK Risk Retention Requirements:
The EU Risk Retention Requirements and the UK Risk Retention Requirements, or either of them.

"EU/UK Transparency Requirements"
means the EU Transparency Requirements and the UK Transparency Requirements, or either of them.

"Euroclear": Euroclear
Bank S.A./N.V.

"Event of Default":
The meaning specified in Section 5.1.

"Excel
Default Model Input File": The meaning specified in Section 7.18(c).

"Excepted Advances":
Customary advances made to protect or preserve rights against the borrower of or Obligor under a Collateral Obligation or to indemnify
an agent or representative for lenders (for which the Issuer may receive a participation interest or other right of repayment) pursuant
to the Underlying Instrument.

"Excess CCC Adjustment Amount":
As of any date of determination, an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (i) the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Collateral
Obligations included in the CCC Excess, over (ii) the sum of the Market Values of all Collateral Obligations included in the CCC
Excess.

"Excess Par Amount":
An amount, as of any Determination Date, equal to the greater of (a) zero and (b)(i) the Collateral Principal Amount less (ii) the
Reinvestment Target Par Balance.

"Excess Weighted Average Coupon":
A percentage equal as of any date of determination to a number obtained by multiplying (a) the excess, if any, of the Weighted Average
Coupon over the Minimum Weighted Average Coupon by (b) the number obtained, including for this purpose any capitalized interest,
by dividing the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Fixed Rate Obligations by the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Floating Rate Obligations.

"Excess Weighted Average Floating
Spread": A percentage equal as of any date of determination to a number obtained by multiplying (a) the greater of zero
and the excess, if any, of the Weighted Average Floating Spread over the Minimum Floating Spread by (b) the number obtained, including
for this purpose any capitalized interest, by dividing the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Floating Rate Obligations by the Aggregate
Principal Balance of all Fixed Rate Obligations.

"Exchange Act": The
United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

36

"Exchange Transaction": The meaning specified
in Section 12.2(c).

"Exchanged Defaulted Obligation": The meaning specified in Section 12.4(a).

"Expense Reserve Account": The account
established pursuant to Section 10.3(d).

"Fallback Rate": As
determined by the Portfolio Manager, either (x) the quarterly pay reference rate recognized or acknowledged as being the industry
standard replacement rate for leveraged loans (which recognition may be in the form of a press release, a member announcement, member
advice, letter, protocol, publication of standard terms or otherwise) by the Loan Syndications and Trading Association or the Relevant
Governmental Body or (y) if not determined pursuant to clause (x) above, the quarterly pay reference rate (other than the then-current
Reference Rate) that is used in calculating the interest rate of (i) the largest percentage of Floating Rate Collateral Obligations
(by par amount) or (ii) floating rate securities being issued in collateralized loan obligation transactions that have priced in
the preceding three months, in each case as determined by the Portfolio Manager as of the first day of the Interest Accrual Period during
which such determination is made.

"FATCA": Sections
1471 through 1474 of the Code and any related provisions of law, court decisions or administrative guidance, treaty or intergovernmental
agreement between the United States and another taxing jurisdiction, any implementing legislation, regulations, guidance notes or rules in
respect of any intergovernmental agreement, or any agreement entered into with a taxing authority under or with respect to any of the
foregoing, including the Issuer entering into and complying with an agreement with the IRS contemplated by Section 1471(b).

"FCASR": The Securitisation
sourcebook of the Financial Conduct Authority Handbook published by the UK Financial Conduct Authority.

"Fee Basis Amount":
As of any date of determination, the sum of (a) the Aggregate Principal Balance of the Collateral Obligations, (b) without duplication,
the Aggregate Principal Balance of the Defaulted Obligations and Restructured Loans, (c) without duplication, the amounts on deposit
in the Collection Account and the Ramp-Up Account (including Eligible Investments therein) representing Principal Proceeds and (d) the
aggregate amount of all Principal Financed Accrued Interest.

"Fiduciary": The meaning specified in Section 2.5(o).

"Filing Holder": The meaning specified in Section 13.1(d).

"Financial Asset": The meaning specified
in Article 8 of the UCC.

"Financing Statements": The meaning specified in Article 9 of the UCC.

"First
Interest Determination End Date": July 15, 2025.

"First Lien Last Out
Loan": Any assignment of or Participation Interest in a Loan that: (a) is not (and cannot by its terms become)
subordinate in right of payment to any other obligation of the obligor of the Loan (other than (i) with respect to trade
claims, capitalized leases, Permitted Super Senior Loans or similar obligations and (ii) subordination in right of payment
solely to one or more Senior Secured Loans of the obligor of the Loan that becomes effective solely upon the occurrence of a default
or event of default by the obligor of the Loan); and (b) is secured by a valid perfected security interest or lien in, to or on
specified collateral securing the obligor's obligations under the Loan that, prior to the occurrence of a default or event of
default by the obligor of the Loan, is a first-priority security interest or lien.

37

"Fitch": Fitch Ratings, Inc.
and any successor in interest.

"Fixed Rate Debt":
Any debt issued or incurred under this Indenture that bear a fixed rate of interest.

"Fixed Rate Obligation":
Any Collateral Obligation that bears a fixed rate of interest.

"Floating Rate Debt": Any debt issued or
incurred under this Indenture, collectively, other than the Fixed Rate Debt.

"Floating Rate Obligation": Any Collateral
Obligation that bears a floating rate of interest.

"FRB": Any Federal Reserve Bank.

"FSMA": The UK Financial Services and Markets
Act 2000.

"GAAP": The meaning specified in Section 6.3(i).

"Global Note": Any Rule 144A Global
Note, Temporary Global Note or Regulation S Global Note.

"Governmental Authority":
Whether U.S. or non-U.S., (i) any national, state, county, municipal or regional government or quasi-governmental authority or political
subdivision thereof; (ii) any agency, regulator, arbitrator, board, body, branch, bureau, commission, corporation, department, master,
mediator, panel, referee, system or instrumentality of any such government or quasi-government entity, or political subdivision thereof;
and (iii) any court.

"Grant" or "Granted":
To grant, bargain, sell, alienate, convey, assign, transfer, mortgage, pledge, create and grant a security interest in and right of set
off against. A Grant of property shall include all rights, powers and options (but none of the obligations) of the granting party thereunder,
including without limitation the immediate and continuing right to claim for, collect, receive and receipt for principal and interest
payments in respect thereof, and all other amounts payable thereunder, to give and receive notices and other communications, to make waivers
or other agreements, to exercise all rights and options, to bring legal or other proceedings in the name of the granting party or otherwise,
and generally to do and receive anything that the granting party is or may be entitled to do or receive thereunder or with respect thereto.

"Group I Country":
The Netherlands, Australia, Ireland, New Zealand and the United Kingdom (or such other countries as may be specified in publicly
available published criteria from Moody's from time to time and/or identified by Moody's to the Portfolio Manager from time to time).

38

"Group II Country":
Germany, Sweden and Switzerland (or such other countries as may be specified in publicly available published criteria from Moody's from
time to time and/or identified by Moody's to the Portfolio Manager from time to time).

"Group III Country":
Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg and Norway (or such other countries as may be specified
in publicly available published criteria from Moody's from time to time and/or identified by Moody's to the Portfolio Manager from time
to time).

"Hedge Agreement":
The meaning specified in Section 8.2(e).

"Highest Ranking S&P Class":
The Class A-2 Debt, for so long as any Class A-2 Debt is Outstanding, and thereafter, the Outstanding Class of Debt that
is rated by S&P and ranks higher in right of payment than each other Class of Debt in the Debt Payment Sequence.

"Holder": With respect
to any Note, the Person(s) whose name(s) appear on the Register as the registered holder(s) of such Note or, with respect
to any Interest, the Person whose name appears on the books and records of the Issuer as the owner of such Interest.

"IAI/QP": Any Person
that, at the time of its acquisition, purported acquisition or proposed acquisition of Debt is both an Institutional Accredited Investor
and a Qualified Purchaser.

"Illiquid Asset":
(a) A Defaulted Obligation, an Equity Security, an obligation received in connection with an Offer or other exchange or any other
security or debt obligation that is part of the Assets, in respect of which (i) the Issuer has not received a payment in Cash during
the preceding twelve calendar months and (ii) the Portfolio Manager certifies that it is not aware, after reasonable inquiry, that
the issuer or Obligor of such asset has publicly announced or informed the holders of such asset that it intends to make a payment in
Cash in respect of such asset within the next twelve calendar months or (b) any asset, claim or other property identified in a certificate
of the Portfolio Manager as having a Market Value of less than U.S.$1,000.

"Indenture": This
instrument as originally executed and, if from time to time supplemented or amended by one or more indentures supplemental hereto entered
into pursuant to the applicable provisions hereof, as so supplemented or amended.

"Independent": As
to any Person, any other Person (including, in the case of an accountant or lawyer, a firm of accountants or lawyers, and any member thereof,
or an investment bank and any member thereof) who (i) does not have and is not committed to acquire any material direct or any material
indirect financial interest in such Person or in any Affiliate of such Person, and (ii) is not connected with such Person as an Officer,
employee, promoter, underwriter, voting trustee, partner, director or Person performing similar functions. When used with respect to any
accountant, "Independent" may include an accountant who audits the books of such Person if in addition to satisfying the criteria
set forth above the accountant is independent with respect to such Person within the meaning of Rule 101 of the Code of Professional
Conduct of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. For purposes of this definition, no manager or director of any Person
will fail to be Independent solely because such Person acts as an independent manager or independent director thereof or of any such Person's
Affiliates.

39

Whenever any Independent Person's opinion
or certificate is to be furnished to the Collateral Trustee, such opinion or certificate shall state that the signer has read this definition
and that the signer is Independent within the meaning hereof.

Any pricing service, certified public
accountant or legal counsel that is required to be Independent of another Person under this Indenture must satisfy the criteria above
with respect to the Issuer, the Portfolio Manager and their respective Affiliates; provided, however, that Dechert LLP shall be
deemed for all purposes of this Indenture to be "Independent" with respect to the Issuer and the Portfolio Manager.

"Independent
Manager": A natural person who, (A) for the five-year period prior to his or her appointment as Independent Manager,
has not been, and during the continuation of his or her service as Independent Manager is not: (i) an employee, director,
member, manager, or officer or direct or indirect legal or beneficial owner (or a person who controls, whether directly, indirectly,
or otherwise any of the foregoing) of the Issuer or any of its Affiliates (other than his or her service as an independent special
member or an independent manager of the Issuer or other Affiliates that are structured to be "bankruptcy remote");
(ii) a substantial customer, consultant, creditor, contractor or supplier (or a person who controls, whether directly,
indirectly, or otherwise any of the foregoing) of the Issuer, the member of the Issuer or any of their respective Affiliates (other
than an Independent Manager provided by a nationally recognized company that provides independent special members, independent
managers and other corporate services in the ordinary course of its business); or (iii) any member of the immediate family of a
person described in (i) or (ii) (other than with respect to clause (i), or (ii) relating to his or her service as
(y) an Independent Manager of the Issuer or (z) an independent special member or independent manager of any Affiliate of
the Issuer which is a bankruptcy remote limited purpose entity), and (B) has, (i) prior experience as an independent
special member, independent director or independent manager for a trust, corporation or limited liability company whose charter
documents required the unanimous consent of all independent special members, independent directors or independent managers thereof
before such trust, corporation or limited liability company could consent to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings
against it or could file a petition seeking relief under any applicable federal or state law relating to bankruptcy and (ii) at
least three years of employment experience with one or more entities that provide, in the ordinary course of their respective
businesses, advisory, management or placement services to issuers of securitization or structured finance instruments, agreements or
securities.

"Information": S&P's
"Credit FAQ: Anatomy Of A Credit Estimate: What It Means And How We Do It" dated January 14, 2021 and any other available
information S&P reasonably requests in order to produce a credit estimate for a particular asset.

"Information Agent":
The meaning specified in Section 7.20(b).

"Initial Principal Amount":
With respect to any Class of Debt, the Dollar amount specified with respect to such Class in Section 2.3(b).

"Initial Rating":
With respect to the Notes, the rating or ratings, if any, indicated in Section 2.3(b).

40

"Initial Target Rating": With respect to
any Class or Classes of Debt, the applicable rating specified in the table below:

Class Initial Target

Rating

A-1 Notes "AAA (sf)"

A-1L Loans "AAA (sf)"

A-1W Loans "AAA (sf)"

A-2 Notes "AAA (sf)"

A-2L Loans "AAA (sf)"

B Notes "AA (sf)"

C Notes "A (sf)"

"Institutional Accredited Investor": The
meaning set forth in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Regulation D under the Securities Act.

"Instructions": The meaning specified in
Section 14.3(b).

"Instrument": The meaning specified in Article 9 of the UCC.

"Interest Accrual Period":
(i) With respect to the initial Payment Date, the period from and including the Closing Date to but excluding such Payment Date;
and (ii) with respect to each succeeding Payment Date, the period from and including the immediately preceding Payment Date to but
excluding the following Payment Date until the principal of the Debt is paid or made available for payment; provided that, any
interest-bearing notes issued after the Closing Date in accordance with the terms of this Indenture shall accrue interest during the Interest
Accrual Period in which such additional notes are issued from and including the applicable date of issuance or incurrence of such additional
notes to but excluding the last day of such Interest Accrual Period at the applicable Interest Rate. For purposes of determining the Interest
Accrual Period for any Fixed Rate Debt, the Payment Dates referenced shall be deemed to be the dates set forth in the definition of "Payment
Date" (irrespective of whether such day is a Business Day).

"Interest Collection Account":
The meaning specified in Section 10.2(a).

"Interest Coverage Ratio":
For any designated Class or Classes of Debt, as of any date of determination on or after the Determination Date immediately preceding
the second Payment Date, the percentage derived from the following equation: (A B) / C, where:

A = The Collateral Interest Amount as of such date of determination;

41

B = Amounts payable (or expected as
of the date of determination to be payable) on the following Payment Date as set forth in clauses (A) and (B) in Section 11.1(a)(i);
and

C = Interest due and payable on the
Debt of such Class or Classes and each Class of Debt that ranks senior to or pari passu with such Class or Classes
(excluding Deferred Interest, but including any interest on Deferred Interest with respect to the Deferred Interest Debt) on such Payment
Date.

For the avoidance of doubt, any Base
Management Fees that would otherwise be payable on the following Payment Date, but that as of such date of determination have been designated
by the Portfolio Manager as Waived Management Fees in accordance with Section 11.1(e) shall be excluded from the calculation
set forth in item (B) above.

"Interest Coverage Test":
A test that is satisfied with respect to any Class or Classes of Debt as of any date of determination on, or subsequent to, the Determination
Date occurring immediately prior to the second Payment Date, if (i) the Interest Coverage Ratio for such Class or Classes on
such date is at least equal to the Required Interest Coverage Ratio for such Class or Classes or (ii) such Class or Classes
of Debt is/are no longer Outstanding.

"Interest Determination Date":
With respect to (a) the first Interest Accrual Period following the Closing Date, (x) for the period from the Closing Date to
but excluding the First Interest Determination End Date, the second U.S. Government Securities Business Day preceding the Closing Date
and (y) for the remainder of the first Interest Accrual Period following the Closing Date, the second U.S. Government Securities
Business Day preceding the First Interest Determination End Date and (b) each Interest Accrual Period thereafter, the second U.S.
Government Securities Business Day preceding the first day of such Interest Accrual Period; provided that, for the first Interest Accrual
Period with respect to any additional notes issued after the Closing Date in connection with a Refinancing, the Interest Determination
Date shall be the second U.S. Government Securities Business Day preceding the date of such Refinancing.

"Interest Only Obligation":
Any obligation or security that does not provide in the related Underlying Instruments for the payment or repayment of a stated principal
amount in one or more installments on or prior to its stated maturity.

"Interest Proceeds":
With respect to any Collection Period or Determination Date, without duplication, the sum of:

(i) all payments of interest and delayed compensation (representing compensation for delayed settlement) received in Cash by the Issuer
during the related Collection Period on the Collateral Obligations and Eligible Investments, including the accrued interest received in
connection with a sale thereof during the related Collection Period, less any such amount that represents Principal Financed Accrued Interest
(other than any Principal Financed Accrued Interest described in clause (i) of the definition thereof that the Portfolio Manager
elects to treat as Interest Proceeds as long as, after giving effect to such treatment, the Collateral Principal Amount equals or exceeds
the Target Initial Par Amount);

42

(ii) all principal and interest payments received by the Issuer during the related Collection Period on Eligible Investments purchased
with Interest Proceeds;

(iii) commitment fees and other similar fees received by the Issuer during such Collection Period in respect of Revolving Collateral Obligations
and Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligations;

(iv) any amounts deposited in the Collection Account from the Expense Reserve Account, the Contribution Account and/or the Interest Reserve
Account that are designated as Interest Proceeds as permitted by this Indenture;

(v) all prepayment premiums received during such Collection Period on any Collateral Obligation which represents an excess above the greater
of (x) the par amount and (y) the purchase price of the portion of such Collateral Obligation that prepaid; provided
that the Portfolio Manager may in its sole discretion designate prepayment premiums as Principal Proceeds;

(vi) all amendment and waiver fees (other than those in connection with a Maturity Amendment), all late payment fees, prepayment fees,
call premiums, commitment fees and all other fees and commissions (other than (x) fees and commissions received
in connection with the purchase, sale, restructuring or default of Collateral Obligations and (y) except with respect to call premiums
or prepayment fees, the reduction of the par amount of the related Collateral Obligation, in each case, as determined by the Portfolio
Manager with notice to the Collateral Trustee and the Collateral Administrator) received during such Collection Period in connection with
the Collateral Obligations (unless otherwise designated as Principal Proceeds by the Portfolio Manager in writing to the Collateral Trustee);

(vii) any Principal Proceeds designated by the Portfolio Manager as Interest Proceeds in connection with a Refinancing pursuant to which
all Debt are being refinanced, up to the Excess Par Amount for payment on the Redemption Date of a Refinancing;

(viii) Trading Gains not previously distributed may be designated by the Portfolio Manager at any time as Interest Proceeds so long as (a) the
Retention Designation Condition is satisfied, (b) a Retention Deficiency has occurred or it is reasonably likely that a Retention
Deficiency would occur absent such designation, (c) the designation of such Trading Gains as Interest Proceeds is in an amount not
to exceed the amount determined by the Portfolio Manager to be necessary to cure or prevent the Retention Deficiency and (d) the
designation of such Trading Gains as Interest Proceeds would not cause the Adjusted Collateral Principal Amount to be equal to or lower
than the Reinvestment Target Par Balance (it being understood that the amount of Trading Gains which are not deposited into the Interest
Collection Account as Interest Proceeds pursuant to this clause (viii) will constitute Principal Proceeds); and

43

(ix) any Designated Principal Proceeds and any Designated Unused Proceeds;

(x) any payments received as repayment for Excepted Advances;

provided
that, (1) any amounts received in respect of any Defaulted Obligation that is not a Workout Loan will constitute
Principal Proceeds (and not Interest Proceeds) until the aggregate of all collections in respect of such Defaulted Obligation since it
became a Defaulted Obligation equals the Principal Balance of such Collateral Obligation at the time it became a Defaulted Obligation;
(2) any amounts received in respect of any Defaulted Obligation that was exchanged for an Equity Security or a Workout Security will
constitute Principal Proceeds (and not Interest Proceeds) until the aggregate of all collections (including proceeds received upon the
disposition of the Equity Security or such Workout Security received in the exchange) in respect of such Defaulted Obligation since the
time it became a Defaulted Obligation equals the Principal Balance of the Collateral Obligation at the time it became a Defaulted Obligation
and any amounts received in excess thereof (such amounts, "Exchanged Equity Security Excess Proceeds") shall be calculated
by the Issuer and will be deposited in the Collection Account and distributed as Interest Proceeds on the following Payment Date; provided
that, if any additional amounts are received after the initial distribution of Exchanged Equity Security Excess Proceeds such
additional amounts will be distributed as Interest Proceeds on the next succeeding Payment Date following the Payment Date relating to
the period in which such additional amounts were received and (3) (x) any amounts received by the Issuer in respect of any Workout
Loan shall be treated as Principal Proceeds until, as determined by the Portfolio Manager (with notice to the Collateral Trustee), the
aggregate of all collections in respect of such Workout Loan is at least equal to the greater of (i) the sum of the outstanding principal
balance of the Related Restructuring Collateral Obligation with respect to such Workout Loan (determined immediately prior to the related
workout or restructuring of such Related Restructuring Collateral Obligation) plus the aggregate amount of Principal Proceeds (if any)
used to acquire such Workout Loan and (ii) the amount attributed to such Workout Loan for purposes of the Adjusted Collateral Principal
Amount and (y) to the extent not required to be treated as Principal Proceeds pursuant to clause (x), all Restructured Asset Proceeds
shall, at the direction of the Issuer (or the Portfolio Manager on behalf of the Issuer in its sole discretion), be designated as Interest
Proceeds or Principal Proceeds.

The Portfolio Manager may (in its
sole discretion exercised on or before the related Determination Date), subject to the limitations set forth in clauses (1) and
(3) above that require amounts received in respect of Workout Loans and Restructured Loans to be classified as Principal
Proceeds up to the thresholds set forth therein, (1) classify any and all amounts (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any
fees) received in respect of Workout Loans and Restructured Loans as Interest Proceeds or Principal Proceeds, provided that all Sale
Proceeds of Workout Loans shall be treated as Principal Proceeds, and (2) classify Interest Proceeds as Principal Proceeds or
amounts to exercise a warrant in an amount that would not result in a default or deferral in the payment of interest on any
Class of Debt on the related Payment Date.

44

"Interest Rate": With respect to any
Class of Debt, (i) unless a Re-Pricing has occurred with respect to such Class of Debt, the per annum stated
interest rate payable on such Class with respect to each Interest Accrual Period as specified in Section 2.3(b) and
(ii) upon the occurrence of a Re-Pricing with respect to such Class of Debt, a per annum stated interest rate equal
to (x) the applicable Re- Pricing Rate plus (y) in the case of a floating rate of interest, the Reference Rate.

"Interest Reserve Account":
The meaning specified in Section 10.3(e).

"Interest Reserve Amount":
The amount specified by the Issuer in the Closing Date Certificate to be deposited in the Interest Reserve Account.

"Interests": The membership
interests issued by the Issuer on or prior to the Closing Date and any additional membership interests issued pursuant to the Issuer LLCA
subject to compliance with the terms of this Indenture.

"Intex": Intex Solutions, Inc.

"Investment Company Act":
The United States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

"Investment Criteria": The criteria specified in Section 12.2(a).

"Issuer": As defined
in the first sentence of this Indenture, until a successor Person shall have become the Issuer pursuant to the applicable provisions of
this Indenture, and thereafter "Issuer" shall mean such successor Person.

"Issuer LLCA": The
Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of the Issuer, dated as of the Closing Date, as may be amended from time to time.

"Issuer Order" and
"Issuer Request": A written order or request (which may be a standing order or request) dated and signed in the name
of the Issuer by an Authorized Officer of the Issuer, or by the Portfolio Manager by an Authorized Officer thereof, on behalf of the Issuer.
An order or request provided in an email or other electronic communication by an Authorized Officer of the Issuer or by an Authorized
Officer of the Portfolio Manager on behalf of the Issuer shall constitute an Issuer Order, except in each case to the extent the Collateral
Trustee requests otherwise in writing.

"Junior Class": With
respect to a particular Class of Debt, each Class of Debt that is subordinated to such Class, as indicated in Section 2.3(b).

"Junior Mezzanine Notes":
The meaning specified in Section 2.13(a).

"Letter of Credit Reimbursement
Obligation": A facility whereby (i) a fronting bank (the "LOC Agent Bank") issues or will issue a letter
of credit for or on behalf of a borrower pursuant to an Underlying Instrument, (ii) in the event that the letter of credit is drawn
upon, and the borrower does not reimburse the LOC Agent Bank, the lender/participant is obligated to fund its portion of the facility
and (iii) the LOC Agent Bank passes on (in whole or in part) the fees and any other amounts it receives for providing the letter
of credit to the lender/participant.

"Loan": Any obligation
for the payment or repayment of borrowed money that is documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar
credit agreement.

45

"Loan Agent": The
Class A-1L Loan Agent, the Class A-1W Loan Agent and the Class A-2L Loan Agent, collectively.

"Loan Sale Agreement":
The master loan sale agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by and between the Transferor and the Issuer, as amended from time to time
in accordance with its terms.

"LOC Agent Bank":
The meaning specified in the definition of the term Letter of Credit Reimbursement Obligation.

"Long-Dated Obligation":
Any Collateral Obligation (or portion thereof) with a maturity later than the earliest Stated Maturity of the Debt; provided that
if any Collateral Obligation has scheduled distributions of principal that occur both before and after the earliest Stated Maturity of
the Debt, only the scheduled distributions of principal on such Collateral Obligation occurring after the earliest Stated Maturity of
the Debt will constitute a Long-Dated Obligation.

"Long-Dated Obligation Amount":
As of any date of determination, for each Long-Dated Obligation with a scheduled maturity (a) no later than two calendar years after
the earliest Stated Maturity of the Debt, an amount equal to the lower of (i) the Market Value of such Long-Dated Obligation and
(ii) the product of the Principal Balance of such Long-Dated Obligation multiplied by 70%, (b) later than two calendar
years after the earliest Stated Maturity of the Debt, but less than three calendar years after the earliest Stated Maturity of the Debt,
the lower of (i) the Market Value of such Long-Dated Obligation and (ii) the product of the Principal Balance of such Long-
Dated Obligation multiplied by 60% and (iii) at least three years after the earliest Stated Maturity of the Debt, zero.

"Maintenance Covenant":
A covenant by a borrower that requires such borrower to comply with one or more financial covenants during the periods or as of a specified
day in each reporting period, as the case may be, as specified in the underlying loan agreement, regardless of any action taken by such
borrower; provided that, a covenant that otherwise satisfies this definition and only applies to a related loan when specified
amounts are outstanding under such loan shall be a Maintenance Covenant.

"Majority": With respect
to any Class or Classes of Debt, the Holders of more than 50% of the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Debt of such Class or
Classes. With respect to any Interests, the Majority Members (as defined in the Issuer LLCA) of the Issuer.

"Management Fees":
The Base Management Fee and the Subordinated Management Fee.

"Manager Debt": As
of any date of determination, all Debt held on such date by (i) the Portfolio Manager, (ii) any Affiliate of the Portfolio Manager,
or (iii) any account, fund, client or portfolio managed or advised on a discretionary basis by the Portfolio Manager or any of its
Affiliates; provided that, no such Debt shall constitute Manager Debt hereunder for any period of time during which the
right to control the voting of such Debt has been assigned to (i) another Person not controlled by the Portfolio Manager or any Affiliate
of the Portfolio Manager or (ii) an advisory board or other independent committee of the governing body of the Portfolio Manager
or such Affiliate.

46

"Margin Stock": "Margin
Stock" as defined under Regulation U issued by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, including any debt security
which is by its terms convertible into Margin Stock.

"Market Value": With
respect to any Loans or other Assets, the amount (determined by the Portfolio Manager) equal to the product of the principal amount thereof
and the price determined in the following manner:

(i) the bid price determined by the Loan Pricing Corporation, Markit Group Limited, LoanX Mark-It Partners, FT Interactive, Bridge Information
Systems, KDP, IDC, Bank of America High Yield Index, Interactive Data Pricing and Reference Data, Inc., Pricing Direct
Inc., S&P Security Evaluations Service, Thompson Reuters Pricing Service, TradeWeb Markets LLC, Houlihan Lokey, Valuation Research
Corporation, Lincoln International, Duff & Phelps or any other nationally recognized loan pricing service selected by the Portfolio
Manager (with notice to the Rating Agency); or

(ii) if a price described in clause (i) is not available or the Portfolio Manager determines in accordance with the Portfolio Manager
Standard that such price does not reflect the value of such asset,

(A) the average of the bid prices determined by three broker-dealers active in the trading of such asset that are Independent from each
other and the Issuer and the Portfolio Manager;

(B) if only two such bids can be obtained, the lower of the bid prices of such two bids; or

(C) if only one such bid can be obtained, such bid; provided that this subclause (C) shall not apply at any time at which
neither the Portfolio Manager nor FS/KKR Advisor, LLC is a registered investment adviser (or relying adviser) under the Advisers Act;
or

(iii) if a price described in clause (i) or (ii) cannot be determined by the Portfolio Manager exercising reasonable efforts,
then the value determined as the bid side market value of such asset as reasonably determined by the Portfolio Manager consistent with
the Portfolio Manager Standard, as certified by the Portfolio Manager to the Collateral Trustee; provided, however, that if the
Portfolio Manager is not a registered investment adviser (or relying adviser) under the Advisers Act, the Market Value of any such asset
may not be determined in accordance with this clause (iii) for more than 30 days; or

(iv) if the Market Value of an asset is not determined in accordance with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, then such Market Value
shall be deemed to be zero until such determination is made in accordance with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above.

47

"Master Participation Agreement":
Each master participation and assignment agreement between the applicable participation seller and the Issuer relating to the conveyance
of an Affiliate Participation Interest to the Issuer.

"Material Covenant Default":
A default by an Obligor with respect to any Collateral Obligation, and subject to any grace periods contained in the related Underlying
Instruments, that gives rise to the right of the lender(s) thereunder to accelerate the principal of such Collateral Obligation.

"Maturity": With respect
to any Note, the date on which the unpaid principal of such Note becomes due and payable as therein or herein provided, whether at the
Stated Maturity or by declaration of acceleration, call for redemption or otherwise.

"Maturity Amendment":
With respect to any Collateral Obligation, any waiver, modification, amendment or variance that would extend the stated maturity date
of such Collateral Obligation. For the avoidance of doubt, a waiver, modification, amendment or variance that would extend the stated
maturity date of any tranche of the credit facility of which a Collateral Obligation is part, but would not extend the stated maturity
date of the Collateral Obligation held by the Issuer, does not constitute a Maturity Amendment.

"Measurement Date":
(i) Any day on which the Issuer purchases, or enters into a commitment to purchase, a Collateral Obligation, (ii) any Determination
Date, (iii) the date as of which the information in any Monthly Report is calculated, (iv) with five Business Days' prior written
notice to the Issuer and the Collateral Trustee (with a copy to the Portfolio Manager), any Business Day requested by any Rating Agency
and (v) the Effective Date.

"Merging Entity":
The meaning specified in Section 7.10.

"Minimum Denominations":
With respect to the Debt, U.S.$250,000 and integral multiples of U.S.$1.00 in excess thereof, or such other authorized minimum denominations
as may be permitted from time to time pursuant to a supplemental indenture entered into in accordance with Article VIII.

"Minimum Floating Spread":
2%.

"Minimum Floating Spread Test":
A test that will be satisfied on any date of determination if the Weighted Average Floating Spread plus the Excess Weighted Average
Coupon equals or exceeds the Minimum Floating Spread.

"Minimum Weighted Average Coupon":
6%.

"Minimum Weighted Average Coupon
Test": The test that will be satisfied on any date of determination if either (a) there are no Fixed Rate Obligations in
the Assets or (b) the Weighted Average Coupon plus the Excess Weighted Average Floating Spread equals or exceeds the Minimum
Weighted Average Coupon.

"Minimum Weighted Average S&P
Recovery Rate Test": The test that will be satisfied on any date of determination if the Weighted Average S&P Recovery Rate
equals or exceeds the Weighted Average S&P Recovery Rate for the Highest Ranking S&P
Class selected by the Portfolio Manager in connection with the S&P CDO Monitor Test.

48

"Money": The meaning specified in Article 1
of the UCC.

"Monthly Report": The meaning specified in Section 10.7(a).

"Monthly Report Determination Date": The
meaning specified in Section 10.7(a).

"Moody's": Moody's Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto.

"Moodys Equivalent Rating
Factor": means, for each Collateral Obligation (with an S&P Rating of CCC- or higher), a number set forth to
the right of the applicable S&P Rating below, which table may be adjusted from time to time by S&P:

Moody's Equivalent Moody's Equivalent

S&P Rating Rating Factor S&P Rating Rating Factor

AAA 1 BB+ 940

AA+ 10 BB 1350

AA 20 BB- 1766

AA- 40 B+ 2220

A+ 70 B 2720

A 120 B- 3490

A- 180 CCC+ 4770

BBB+ 260 CCC 6500

BBB 360 CCC- 8070

BBB- 610 CC, D or SD 10000

"Moodys Equivalent Weighted
Average Rating Factor": As of any Measurement Date, the number obtained by summing the products obtained by multiplying the Principal
Balance of each Collateral Obligation (excluding Defaulted Obligations and Eligible Investments) by its Moodys Equivalent Rating
Factor, dividing such sum by the Aggregate Principal Balance of all such Collateral Obligations and rounding the result up to the nearest
whole number.

"Moodys Equivalent Weighted
Average Rating Factor Test": A test satisfied if, as of any Measurement Date, the Moody's Equivalent Weighted Average Rating
Factor of the Collateral Obligations is less than or equal to the lesser of 4000.

"Net Exposure Amount":
As of the applicable Cut-Off Date, with respect to any Collateral Obligation which is a Revolving Collateral Obligation or Delayed Drawdown
Collateral Obligation, the lesser of (i) the aggregate amount of the then unfunded funding obligations thereunder and (ii) the
amount necessary to cause, on the applicable Cut-Off Date with respect to such Collateral Obligation, the amount of funds on deposit in
the Revolver Funding Account to be at least equal to the sum of the unfunded funding obligations under all Delayed Drawdown Collateral
Obligations and Revolving Collateral Obligations then included in the Assets.

49

"Net
Purchased Loan Balance": As of any date of determination, an amount equal to the sum of (i) the Aggregate
Principal Balance of all Collateral Obligations conveyed, directly or indirectly, by the Portfolio Manager to the Issuer under the
Loan Sale Agreement prior to such date, calculated as of the respective Cut-Off Dates of such Collateral Obligations, and
(ii) the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Collateral Obligations acquired by the Issuer other than directly or indirectly
from the Portfolio Manager prior to such date.

"Non-Call Period":
The period from the Closing Date to but excluding March 28, 2027.

"Non-Consenting Holder": The meaning specified
in Section 9.8(b).

"Non-Emerging Market Obligor":
An Obligor that is Domiciled in (i) the United States, (ii) any country that has a foreign currency issuer credit rating of
at least "AA-" by S&P or (iii) a Tax Jurisdiction.

"Non-Permitted ERISA Holder":
Any Person is or becomes the beneficial owner of an interest in any Note who has made or is deemed to have made a prohibited transaction
representation or a Benefit Plan Investor, Controlling Person or Similar Laws representation, as applicable, required by this Indenture
that is subsequently shown to be false or misleading, or whose beneficial ownership otherwise causes a violation of the 25% limitation
set out in the Plan Asset Regulation, as applicable.

"Non-Permitted Holder": The meaning specified
in Section 2.11(b).

"Note Purchase Offer": The meaning specified in Section 2.14(b).

"Notes": The Class A-1 Notes, the
Class A-2 Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes.

"Notice of Substitution": The meaning specified
in Section 12.5(a)(ii).

"NRSRO": The meaning specified in Section 7.20(f).

"Obligor": With respect
to any Collateral Obligation, any Person or Persons obligated to make payments pursuant to or with respect to such Collateral Obligation,
including any guarantor thereof, but excluding, in each case, any such Person that is an obligor or guarantor that is in addition to the
primary obligor(s) or guarantor(s) with respect to the assets, cash flows or credit on which the related Collateral Obligation
is principally underwritten.

"OFAC": The U.S. Department
of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control.

"Offer": The meaning specified in Section 10.8(c).

"Offering": The offering
of the Notes pursuant to the Offering Circular.

"Offering Circular": The final offering
circular, dated March 26, 2025, relating to the offer and sale of the Notes, and any supplements thereto.

50

"Officer": (a) With
respect to the Issuer and any limited liability company, any managing member or manager thereof or any Person to whom the rights and powers
of management thereof are delegated in accordance with the limited liability company agreement of such limited liability company; (b) with
respect to any corporation, any director, the chairman of the board of directors, the president, any vice president, the secretary, an
assistant secretary, the treasurer or an assistant treasurer of such entity or any Person authorized by such entity; and (c) with
respect to the Collateral Trustee, the Collateral Administrator and any bank or trust company acting as trustee of an express trust or
as custodian or agent, any vice president or assistant vice president of such entity or any officer customarily performing functions similar
to those performed by a vice president or assistant vice president of such entity.

"offshore transaction":
The meaning specified in Regulation S.

"Opinion of Counsel":
A written opinion addressed to the Collateral Trustee (or upon which the Collateral Trustee is permitted to rely) and, if required by
the terms hereof, a Rating Agency, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Trustee of a nationally or internationally
recognized and reputable law firm one or more of the partners of which are admitted to practice before the highest court of any State
of the United States or the District of Columbia, which law firm may, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Indenture, be counsel
for the Issuer or the Portfolio Manager, as the case may be, but must be Independent of the Portfolio Manager. Whenever an Opinion of
Counsel is required hereunder, such Opinion of Counsel may rely on opinions of other counsel who are so admitted and so satisfactory,
which opinions of other counsel shall accompany such Opinion of Counsel, and certificates and opinions of accountants, investment banks,
and any other Person as to relevant factual matters, all of which such certificates and opinions shall either be addressed to the same
addressees or state that the addressees of the Opinion of Counsel shall be entitled to rely thereon.

"Optional Redemption":
The meaning specified in Section 9.2(a).

"Other Accounts":
An investment vehicle managed by the Portfolio Manager or an Affiliate.

"Outstanding": With
respect to the Debt or the Debt of any specified Class, as of any date of determination, all of the Debt or all of the Debt of such Class,
as the case may be, theretofore authenticated and delivered under this Indenture or incurred under the Class A Credit Agreements,
as applicable, except:

(i) Notes theretofore canceled by the Registrar or delivered to the Registrar for cancellation in accordance with the terms of Section 2.9
or registered in the Register on the date the Collateral Trustee provides notice to Holders that this Indenture has been discharged in
accordance with Article IV and (b) Class A Loans that are repurchased in accordance with the terms of Section 2.9
and the Class A Credit Agreements (as applicable) and Class A Loans that are prepaid or repaid in accordance with the Class A
Credit Agreements (as applicable);

51

(ii) Debt or portions thereof for whose payment or redemption funds in the necessary amount have been theretofore irrevocably deposited
with the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent
or any Paying Agent in trust for the Holders of such Debt pursuant to Section 4.1(a)(x)(ii) and/or the Class A Credit Agreements,
as applicable; provided that, if such Debt or portions thereof are to be redeemed or prepaid, notice of such redemption or prepayment
has been duly given pursuant to this Indenture, the Class A Credit Agreements or provision therefor satisfactory to the Collateral
Trustee or the Loan Agent, as applicable has been made;

(iii) Notes in exchange for or in lieu of which other Notes have been authenticated and delivered pursuant to this Indenture, unless proof
satisfactory to the Collateral Trustee is presented that any such Notes are held by a Protected Purchaser; and

(iv) Notes alleged to have been mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen for which replacement Notes have been issued or incurred as provided
in Section 2.6;

provided
that, in determining whether the Holders of the requisite Aggregate Outstanding Amount have given any request, demand,
authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver hereunder, the following Debt shall be disregarded and deemed not to be Outstanding:

(i) Debt owned by the Issuer or any other obligor upon the Debt; and

(ii) only in the case of a vote to (i) terminate the Portfolio Management Agreement, (ii) remove the Portfolio Manager or (iii) waive
an event constituting "cause" under the Portfolio Management Agreement as a basis for termination of the Portfolio Management
Agreement or removal of the Portfolio Manager, any Manager Debt;

except that (1) in determining
whether the Collateral Trustee shall be protected in relying upon any such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent
or waiver, only Debt that a Bank Officer of the Collateral Trustee actually knows to be so owned or to be Manager Debt shall be so disregarded;
and (2) Debt so owned that have been pledged in good faith may be regarded as Outstanding if the pledgee establishes to the satisfaction
of the Collateral Trustee the pledgee's right so to act with respect to such Debt and that the pledgee is not one of the Persons specified
above.

"Overcollateralization Ratio":
With respect to any specified Class or Classes of Debt as of any date of determination, the percentage derived from: (i) the
Adjusted Collateral Principal Amount on such date; divided by (ii) the Aggregate Outstanding Amount on such date of the Debt of such
Class or Classes (including, in the case of Deferred Interest Debt, any accrued Deferred Interest that remains unpaid), each Priority
Class of Debt and each Pari Passu Class or Classes of Notes; provided that, for the purposes of this definition,
the Class A-1 Debt and the Class A-2 Debt shall be treated as a single Class.

"Overcollateralization
Ratio Test": A test that is satisfied with respect to any Class or Classes of Notes as of any date of determination on
which such test is applicable if (i) the Overcollateralization Ratio for such Class or Classes on such date is at least
equal to the Required Overcollateralization Ratio for such Class or Classes or (ii) such Class or Classes of Debt is
no longer Outstanding.

52

"Pari Passu Class":
With respect to any specified Class of Debt, each Class of Debt that ranks pari passu to such Class, as indicated in
Section 2.3(b).

"Partial Redemption Date":
Any Redemption Date on which one or more but not every Class of Debt is being refinanced with Refinancing Proceeds.

"Partial Redemption Interest
Proceeds": In connection with a redemption of the Debt in part by Class, Interest Proceeds in an amount equal to the sum
of (a) the lesser of (i) the amount of accrued interest on the Classes being refinanced (after giving effect to payments pursuant
to Section 11.1(a)(i) if the Partial Redemption Date would have been a Quarterly Payment Date without regard to the redemption
of the Debt in part by Class) and (ii) if the Partial Redemption Date is not a Quarterly Payment Date, the amount the Portfolio Manager
reasonably determines would have been available for distribution under the Priority of Payments for the payment of accrued interest on
the Classes being refinanced on the next subsequent Quarterly Payment Date if such Debt had not been refinanced plus (b) if
the Partial Redemption Date is not a Quarterly Payment Date, the amount (i) the Portfolio Manager reasonably determines would have
been available for distribution under the Priority of Payments for the payment of Administrative Expenses on the next subsequent Payment
Date and (ii) any reserve established by the Issuer with respect to such redemption of the Debt in part by Class.

"Participation
Interest": (a) An Affiliate Participation Interest or (b) a participation interest in a loan originated by a bank
or financial institution that, at the time of acquisition, or the Issuer's commitment to acquire the same, satisfies each of the
following criteria: (i) such participation would constitute a Collateral Obligation were it acquired directly, (ii) the
Selling Institution is a lender on the loan, (iii) the aggregate participation in the loan granted by such Selling Institution
to any one or more participants does not exceed the principal amount or commitment with respect to which the Selling Institution is
a lender under such loan, (iv) such participation does not grant, in the aggregate, to the participant in such participation a
greater interest than the Selling Institution holds in the loan or commitment that is the subject of the participation, (v) the
entire purchase price for such participation is paid in full (without the benefit of financing from the Selling Institution or its
affiliates) at the time of the Issuer's acquisition (or, to the extent of a participation in the unfunded commitment under a
Revolving Collateral Obligation or Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation, at the time of the funding of such loan), (vi) the
participation provides the participant all of the economic benefit and risk of the whole or part of the loan or commitment that is
the subject of the loan participation and (vii) such participation is documented under a Loan Syndications and Trading
Association, Loan Market Association or similar agreement standard for loan participation transactions among institutional market
participants. For the avoidance of doubt, a Participation Interest shall not include a sub-participation interest in any loan.

"Paying Agent": Any
Person authorized by the Issuer to pay the principal of or interest on any Notes on behalf of the Issuer as specified in Section 7.2.

"Payment Account":
The payment account of the Collateral Trustee established pursuant to Section 10.3(a).

53

"Payment Date": Each
Quarterly Payment Date and any other date or dates on which payments are made in accordance with the Special Priority of Payments.

"PBGC": The United
States Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation.

"Pending Transfer Deposit Amount
Collection Account": The meaning specified in Section 10.2(a).

"Percentage Interests":
The meaning specified in the Issuer LLCA.

"Permitted Liens":
(i) Security interests, liens and other encumbrances created pursuant to the Transaction Documents, (ii) with respect to agented
Collateral Obligations, security interests, liens and other encumbrances in favor of the lead agent, the collateral agent or the paying
agent on behalf of all holders of indebtedness of such Obligor under the related facility, (iii) solely with respect to any Equity
Security, any security interests, liens and other encumbrances granted on such Equity Security to secure indebtedness of the related Obligor
and/or any security interests, liens and other rights or encumbrances granted under any governing documents or other agreement between
or among or binding upon the Issuer as the holder of equity in such Obligor and (iv) security interests, liens and other encumbrances,
if any, which have priority over first priority perfected security interests in the Collateral Obligations or any portion thereof under
the UCC or any other applicable law.

"Permitted Non-Loan Assets":
Any Senior Secured Bond or Senior Secured Floating Rate Note.

"Permitted Offer":
An Offer (i) pursuant to the terms of which the offeror offers to acquire a debt obligation (including a Collateral Obligation) in
exchange for consideration consisting of (x) cash in an amount equal to or greater than the full face amount of the debt obligation
being exchanged plus any accrued and unpaid interest or (y) other debt obligations that rank pari passu or senior to the debt
obligation being exchanged which have a face amount equal to or greater than the full face amount of the debt obligation being exchanged
and are eligible to be Collateral Obligations plus any accrued and unpaid interest in cash and (ii) as to which the Portfolio
Manager has determined in its reasonable commercial judgment that the offeror has sufficient access to financing to consummate the Offer.

"Permitted Super Senior Loan":
A revolving Loan that has the benefit of a security interest in the specified collateral which ranks higher than such Obligor's other
senior secured indebtedness upon the occurrence of a default or event of default by the Obligor of such Loan; provided that any
such Loan may only be treated as a Permitted Super Senior Loan if it (including any undrawn and committed portion thereof) represents
no greater than 20% of the sum, without duplication, of (x) the outstanding principal balance and unfunded commitments of such Loan,
plus (y) the outstanding principal balance of the related Collateral Obligation, plus (z) the outstanding principal
balance of any other debt for borrowed money incurred by such Obligor that is pari passu with the related Collateral Obligation,
in each case, as determined by the Portfolio Manager in its commercially reasonable discretion.

54

"Permitted
Senior Partial Refinancing": A Refinancing of the Debt in part by Class in which one or more Classes of Debt are
(i) refinanced and combined with Classes directly subordinate to such refinanced Class(es) or (ii) refinanced into Classes
with the same priority but with different Aggregate Outstanding Amounts (but the same combined Aggregate Outstanding Amount); provided that
such partial Refinancing (x) meets the requirements of Sections 9.2(f)(v), 9.2(f)(viii), 9.2(f)(ix), and 9.2(f)(x),
(y) shall only be permissible where the entirety of each Class of Debt the subject of the Refinancing is refinanced and
(z) the Global Rating Agency Condition shall be satisfied with respect to any Class of Debt not being redeemed or prepaid
in connection with such Permitted Senior Partial Refinancing.

"Permitted Use": With
respect to any Contribution received into the Contribution Account, any proceeds deposited into the Contribution Account pursuant to the
Priority of Payments or any proceeds received from the issuance of Junior Mezzanine Notes in accordance with Section 2.13, any of
the following uses: (i) the transfer of the applicable portion of such amount to the Collection Account for application as Interest
Proceeds; (ii) the transfer of the applicable portion of such amount to the Collection Account for application as Principal Proceeds;
provided that amounts designated as Principal Proceeds pursuant to this clause (ii) shall not be re-designated as Interest
Proceeds; (iii) [reserved]; (iv) for application to pay fees and expenses in connection with a Refinancing, Re-Pricing or an
issuance of additional notes (including, as applicable, any supplemental indenture or other modification to the indenture to be effected
in connection therewith), in each case as determined by the Portfolio Manager; (v) to the purchase, acquisition or funding, or otherwise
to make payments in connection with the acquisition or exercise, of an option, warrant, right of conversion, pre-emptive right, rights
offering, credit bid or similar right in connection with a workout or restructuring of a Collateral Obligation or any securities or loan
assets acquired or received in connection therewith (including, without limitation, Restructured Loans and Workout Securities) or in connection
with an Exchange Transaction; provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any Permitted Use described in this
clause (v) shall not be required to satisfy the Investment Criteria; (vi) to make payments in connection with the acquisition
of an Equity Security or other security subject to the limitations set forth in Section 12.2(b); and (vii) any other
use not otherwise prohibited by this Indenture.

"Permitted Withholding Tax
Asset": A Collateral Obligation that, as of the date of acquisition by the Issuer, is subject to withholding tax imposed by a
jurisdiction in which an Obligor thereof is located; provided that (x) the Issuer's entire liability for any taxes in respect
of such Collateral Obligation is expected to be fully satisfied by amounts to be withheld or deducted by such Obligor (or its agents)
from payments under the Collateral Obligation, (y) principal payments on such Collateral Obligation are not subject to withholding
tax and interest payable on such Collateral Obligation is not subject to withholding tax at a rate greater than 20% and (z) the acquisition
(including the manner of acquisition), ownership, enforcement or disposition of such Collateral Obligation will not subject the Issuer
to net income taxes in any non-U.S. jurisdiction.

"Person": An individual,
corporation (including a business trust), partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint stock company, trust
(including any beneficiary thereof), unincorporated association or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof.

"Plan Asset Regulation":
U.S. Department of Labor regulation 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101 (as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA).

55

"Placement Agents":
Each of GreensLedge Capital Markets LLC, as a co-placement agent, and Scotia Capital (USA) Inc., as a co-placement agent, in each case
with respect to certain of the Notes under the Placement Agreement.

"Placement Agreement":
The placement agency agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among the Issuer, each of the Placement Agents, as amended from time
to time.

Portfolio Company:
Any company that is controlled by the Portfolio Manager, an Affiliate thereof, or any account, fund, client or portfolio established and
controlled by the Portfolio Manager or an Affiliate thereof.

"Portfolio Management Agreement":
The agreement dated as of the Closing Date entered into between the Issuer and the Portfolio Manager relating to the management of the
Collateral Obligations and the other Assets by the Portfolio Manager on behalf of the Issuer, as amended from time to time in accordance
with the terms hereof and thereof.

"Portfolio Manager":
FS KKR Capital Corp., a Maryland corporation with its principal offices in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, until a successor Person shall
have become the Portfolio Manager pursuant to the provisions of the Portfolio Management Agreement, and thereafter Portfolio Manager shall
mean such successor Person.

"Portfolio Manager Standard":
The meaning specified in the Portfolio Management Agreement. "Post-Reinvestment Period Settlement Obligation": The meaning
specified in Section 12.2(a)(y).

"Posting Agent Letter Agreement":
The Posting Agent Letter Agreement, dated as of March 10, 2025, among the Issuer, the Portfolio Manager and the Bank, as posting
agent.

"PRASR": The Securitisation
Part of the Prudential Regulation Authority Rulebook published by the UK Prudential Regulation Authority.

"Prepaid Obligation":
A Collateral Obligation as to which Unscheduled Principal Payments are received after the Reinvestment Period.

"Principal
Balance": Subject to Section 1.2, with respect to (a) any Asset other than a Revolving Collateral Obligation,
Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation or Workout Loan, as of any date of determination, the outstanding principal amount of such
Asset (excluding any capitalized interest) and (b) any Revolving Collateral Obligation, Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation
or Workout Loan, as of any date of determination, the outstanding principal amount of such Revolving Collateral Obligation, Delayed
Drawdown Collateral Obligation or Workout Loan (excluding any capitalized interest), plus (except as expressly set forth in
this Indenture) any undrawn commitments that have not been irrevocably reduced or withdrawn with respect to such Revolving
Collateral Obligation, Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation or (if applicable) Workout Loan; provided that, for all
purposes the Principal Balance of (1) any Equity Security or interest only strip shall be deemed to be zero, (2) any
Restructured Loan (other than a Workout Loan) or Workout Security shall be deemed to be zero until such Restructured Loan or Workout
Security otherwise qualifies as a Collateral Obligation hereunder and (3) any Defaulted Obligation that is not sold or
terminated within three years after becoming a Defaulted Obligation shall be deemed to be zero.

56

"Principal Collection Account":
The meaning specified in Section 10.2(a).

"Principal Financed Accrued
Interest": With respect to: (i) any Collateral Obligation owned or purchased by the Issuer on the Closing Date, an amount
equal to the unpaid interest on such Collateral Obligation that accrued prior to the Closing Date that is owing to the Issuer and remains
unpaid as of the Closing Date and (ii) any Collateral Obligation purchased after the Closing Date, the amount of Principal Proceeds,
if any, applied towards the purchase of accrued interest on such Collateral Obligation; provided, however, in the case of this
clause (ii), Principal Financed Accrued Interest shall not include any accrued interest purchased with Interest Proceeds deemed to be
Principal Proceeds as set forth in the definition of "Interest Proceeds".

"Principal
Proceeds": With respect to any Collection Period or Determination Date, all amounts received by the Issuer during the
related Collection Period that do not constitute Interest Proceeds, (other than Refinancing Proceeds received in a redemption in
part by Class which are not applied to redeem or prepay the Debt being refinanced or to pay expenses in connection with such
Refinancing, which will be Principal Proceeds) and any amounts that have been designated as Principal Proceeds pursuant to the terms
of this Indenture.

"Priority Class": With respect to any specified
Class of Debt, each Class of Debt that ranks senior to such Class, as indicated in Section 2.3(b).

"Priority of Payments": The meaning specified
in Section 11.1(a).

"Proceedings": The meaning specified in Section 14.11.

"Proposed Portfolio":
The portfolio of Collateral Obligations and Eligible Investments resulting from the proposed purchase, sale, maturity or other disposition
of a Collateral Obligation or a proposed reinvestment in an additional Collateral Obligation, as the case may be.

"Protected Purchaser": The meaning specified
in Article 8 of the UCC.

"Purchased Defaulted Obligation": The meaning specified in Section 12.4.

"QIB/IAI/non-U.S.
person": The meaning specified in Section 10.7(e).

"QIB/QP": Any Person that, at the time
of its acquisition, purported acquisition or proposed acquisition of Notes is both a Qualified Institutional Buyer and a Qualified Purchaser.

"Qualified Institutional Buyer":
Any Person that, at the time of its acquisition, purported acquisition or proposed acquisition of Notes, is a qualified institutional
buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A.

"Qualified
Purchaser": Any Person that, at the time of its acquisition, purported acquisition or proposed acquisition of Notes, is a
qualified purchaser within the meaning of Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act and Rule 2a51-1, 2a51-2 or 2a51-3
under the Investment Company Act, or any corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity (other than a trust)
each shareholder, partner, member or other equity owner of which is a Qualified Purchaser.

57

"Quarterly Payment Date"
The 15th day of January, April, July and October of each year (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business
Day), commencing in October 2025.

"Ramp-Up Account"
The account established pursuant to Section 10.3(c).

"Rating Agency": S&P,
for so long as it assigns a rating at the request of the Issuer to the Class or Classes to which it assigned a rating on the Closing
Date or, with respect to Assets generally, if at any time S&P ceases to provide rating services with respect to debt obligations,
any other nationally recognized investment rating agency selected by the Issuer (or the Portfolio Manager on behalf of the Issuer). In
the event that at any time S&P ceases to be a Rating Agency, references to rating categories of S&P in this Indenture shall be
deemed instead to be references to the equivalent categories of such other rating agency as of the most recent date on which such other
rating agency and S&P published ratings for the type of obligation in respect of which such alternative rating agency is used. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, references herein to "the Rating Agencies," "each Rating Agency," "either Rating
Agency," "any Rating Agency" and words of similar effect shall be deemed to refer solely to S&P.

"Record Date": With
respect to the Global Notes, the date one day prior to the applicable Payment Date and, with respect to any Certificated Notes, the date
15 days prior to the applicable Payment Date.

"Recurring Revenue Loan":
A Loan issued by an Obligor that is underwritten on the basis of the Obligor's debt to recurring revenue.

"Redemption Date":
Any Business Day specified for a redemption of Debt pursuant to Article IX.

"Redemption Price":
For each Class of Debt to be redeemed (or in the case of the Class A Loans prepaid) (x) 100% of the Aggregate Outstanding
Amount of such Class, plus (y) accrued and unpaid interest thereon (including interest on any accrued and unpaid Deferred
Interest, in the case of the Deferred Interest Debt) to the Redemption Date; provided that, the Holders of 100% of the Aggregate
Outstanding Amount of a Class of Debt may in their sole discretion, by written notice to the Issuer, the Collateral Trustee, the
Loan Agent, the Paying Agent and the Portfolio Manager, elect to receive less than 100% of the Redemption Price that would otherwise be
payable to the Holders of such Class of Debt in any Optional Redemption (including a Refinancing), Tax Redemption or Clean-Up Call
Redemption, which lesser amount shall be deemed to be the "Redemption Price" of such Class of Debt.

"Reference
Rate": With respect to (a) Floating Rate Debt, initially, Term SOFR; provided that if Term SOFR or the
then-current Reference Rate is unavailable (other than a temporary unavailability) or no longer reported, as determined by the
Portfolio Manager on any date of determination, then upon written notice from the Portfolio Manager to the Issuer, the Calculation
Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Collateral Trustee of such event and the designation of a Fallback Rate, "Reference
Rate" means such Fallback Rate for all purposes relating to the Floating Rate Debt in respect of such determination on such
date and all determinations on all subsequent dates; provided further that, with respect to the Floating Rate Debt, if at any
time the Reference Rate, determined in accordance with this Indenture, would be a rate less than zero, then such rate shall be
deemed to be zero for all purposes under this Indenture and (b) any Floating Rate Obligation, the reference rate applicable to
such Collateral Obligation calculated in accordance with the related Underlying Instruments.

58

"Reference
Rate Replacement Conforming Changes": With respect to any Fallback Rate, any technical, administrative or operational
changes (including changes to the definition of "Interest Accrual Period," timing and frequency of determining rates and
making payments of interest, and other administrative matters) that the Portfolio Manager decides may be appropriate to reflect the
adoption of such Fallback Rate in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Portfolio Manager decides that
adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Portfolio Manager determines that no
market practice for use of the Fallback Rate exists, in such other manner as the Portfolio Manager determines is reasonably
necessary); provided that no such changes may adversely affect the Collateral Trustee or the Calculation Agent without its
written consent.

"Refinancing": A loan
or an issuance or incurrence of replacement notes, whose terms in each case will be negotiated by the Portfolio Manager on behalf of the
Issuer, from one or more financial institutions or purchasers to refinance the Debt in connection with an Optional Redemption, it being
understood that any rating of such loans or replacement notes by a Rating Agency will be based on a credit analysis specific to such loans
or replacement notes and independent of the rating of the Debt being refinanced.

"Refinancing Proceeds": The Cash proceeds
received in a Refinancing and any Contributions designated as Refinancing Proceeds by the Portfolio Manager in its sole discretion.

"Register" and "Registrar":
The respective meanings specified in Section 2.5(a)(i).

"Registered": In registered form for U.S. federal income
tax purposes.

"Regulation S": Regulation S under the Securities Act.

"Regulation S Global Note":
Any Note sold outside the United States to non-"U.S. persons" in reliance on Regulation S and issued in the form of a permanent
global note as specified in Section 2.2(c) in definitive, fully registered form without interest coupons or a Temporary Global
Note, in each case, substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit A hereto.

"Reinvestment
Period": The period from and including the Closing Date to and including the earliest of (i) the Quarterly Payment
Date in April 2029, (ii) any date on which the Maturity of any Class of Debt is accelerated following an Event of
Default pursuant to this Indenture and (iii) any date on which the Portfolio Manager reasonably determines that it can no
longer reinvest in additional Collateral Obligations in accordance with this Indenture or the Portfolio Management Agreement; provided,
in the case of this clause (iii), (x) the Portfolio Manager notifies the Issuer, the Collateral Trustee (who shall notify the
Holders), the Rating Agency and the Collateral Administrator thereof at least five Business Days prior to the applicable Special
Redemption Date and (y) the Reinvestment Period may be reinstated at the direction of the Portfolio Manager with notice to the
Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Rating Agency if no other events that would otherwise
terminate the Reinvestment Period have occurred and are continuing.

59

"Reinvestment Target Par Balance":
As of any date of determination, the Target Initial Par Amount minus (i) the amount of any reduction in the Aggregate Outstanding
Amount (excluding, for purposes of this calculation, any reduction of Deferred Interest) of the Debt through the payment of Principal
Proceeds or Interest Proceeds plus (ii) the aggregate amount of Principal Proceeds that result from the issuance or incurrence
of any additional notes pursuant to Sections 2.13 (after giving effect to such issuance or incurrence of any additional notes).

"Related Restructuring Collateral
Obligation": The meaning specified in the definition of Restructured Loan.

"Relevant Governmental Body":
The Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve
Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto.

"Relevant Recipients": The meaning specified
in Section 10.13.

"Re-Priced Class": The meaning specified in Section 9.8(a).

"Re-Pricing":
The meaning specified in Section 9.8(a).

"Re-Pricing Amendment": The meaning specified
in Section 8.6.

"Re-Pricing Date": The meaning specified in Section 9.8(b).

"Re-Pricing Eligible Debt": With respect
to any Class of Debt, the Debt specified as such in Section 2.3.

"Re-Pricing Intermediary": The meaning
specified in Section 9.8(a).

"Re-Pricing Rate": The meaning specified in Section 9.8(b).

"Re-Pricing Replacement Debt":
Debt issued or incurred in connection with a Re-Pricing that have terms identical to the Re-Priced Class (after giving effect to
the Re-Pricing) and are issued or incurred in an aggregate principal amount such that the Re-Priced Class will have the same aggregate
principal amount after giving effect to the Re-Pricing as it did before the Re-Pricing.

"Repurchase and Substitution Limit": The
meaning specified in Section 12.5(c).

"Required Interest Coverage Ratio": (a) For
the Class A-1 Debt, the Class A-2 Debt and the Class B Notes, 115%, and (b) for the Class C Notes, 110%.

"Required Overcollateralization Ratio":
(a) For the Class A-1 Debt, the Class A-2 Debt and the Class B Notes, 137.1%, and (b) for the Class C Notes,
123.6%.

"Required Redemption Amount": The meaning
specified in Section 9.2(b).

60

"Resolution": The
minutes of a meeting of the board of directors of the designated manager of the Issuer.

"Responsible Officer":
Any officer, authorized person or employee of the Portfolio Manager or the Advisor set forth on the list provided by the Portfolio Manager
to the Issuer and the Collateral Trustee, which list shall include any portfolio manager having day-to-day responsibility for the performance
of the Portfolio Manager under the Portfolio Management Agreement, as such list may be amended from time to time.

"Restricted Trading Period":
The period during which (a) the S&P rating of any of the Class A-1 Debt is one or more subcategories below its Initial Target
Rating or has been withdrawn and not reinstated or (b) the S&P rating of the Class A-2 Debt, the Class B Notes or the
Class C Notes is two or more subcategories below its Initial Target Rating or has been withdrawn and not reinstated; provided
that, (1) such period will not be a Restricted Trading Period (A) if, after giving effect to any sale of the relevant
Collateral Obligations, the Aggregate Principal Balance of the Collateral Obligations (excluding the Collateral Obligations being sold)
and Eligible Investments constituting Principal Proceeds (including, without duplication, the anticipated net proceeds of such sale) will
be at least equal to the Reinvestment Target Par Balance, (B) each Overcollateralization Ratio Test has been satisfied and (C) the
Collateral Quality Test has been satisfied, (2) such period will not be a Restricted Trading Period (so long as such S&P rating
of the highest rated Class of Debt then Outstanding has not been further downgraded, withdrawn or put on watch for potential downgrade)
(x) upon the direction of the Issuer with the consent of a Majority of the Controlling Class or (y) the downgrade or withdrawal
of ratings of any applicable Class of Debt results primarily from a regulatory change or a change in rating agency criteria or methodology,
and (3) no Restricted Trading Period will restrict any sale of a Collateral Obligation entered into by the Issuer at a time when
a Restricted Trading Period was not in effect, regardless of whether such sale has settled.

"Restructured Asset Proceeds":
Any proceeds received by the Issuer (including all Sale Proceeds and payments of interest and principal in respect thereof) on a Restructured
Loan (including a Workout Loan) or a Workout Security.

"Restructured Loan":
A debt obligation acquired by the Issuer resulting from, or received or issued in connection with, an insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization,
default, workout or restructuring or similar event of or with respect to an Obligor or Collateral Obligation (such Collateral Obligation,
the "Related Restructuring Collateral Obligation" with respect to such Restructured Loan). The acquisition of Restructured
Loans will not be required to satisfy the Investment Criteria.

"Retention Basis Amount":
The nominal value of the Collateral Obligations and Eligible Investments representing Principal Proceeds.

"Retention Deficiency":
A failure by the EU/UK Retention Holder to hold the EU/UK Retained Interest as required by the Retention Undertaking Letter.

"Retention Designation Condition":
As of any date of determination, a condition that is satisfied if (i) the Collateral Principal Amount is greater than or equal to
103% of the Target Initial Par Amount and (y) compliance with each Overcollateralization Ratio Test is maintained or improved.

61

"Retention Holder":
As of the Closing Date, the Transferor, in its respective capacities as EU/UK Retention Holder and U.S. Retention Holder, as applicable,
together with its successors and assigns.

"Retention Undertaking Letter":
The letter from the EU/UK Retention Holder, dated as of the Closing Date, and addressed to the Issuer, the Placement Agents, the Structuring
Agents, and the Collateral Trustee pursuant to which the EU/UK Retention Holder will make certain undertakings and agreements in respect
of the Securitization Laws.

"Revolver Funding Account":
The account established pursuant to Section 10.4.

"Revolving Collateral Obligation":
Any Collateral Obligation (other than a Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation) that is a loan (including, without limitation, revolving
loans, including funded and unfunded portions of revolving credit lines, unfunded commitments under specific facilities and other similar
loans and investments) that by its terms may require one or more future advances to be made to the borrower by the Issuer; provided
that, any such Collateral Obligation will be a Revolving Collateral Obligation only until all commitments to make advances
to the borrower expire or are terminated or irrevocably reduced to zero.

"Risk Retention Issuance":
An additional issuance or incurrence of Debt solely for the purpose of enabling the Portfolio Manager or the U.S. Retention Holder to
comply with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules or otherwise to cure any Retention Deficiency.

"Rolled Senior Uptier Debt":
The meaning specified in the definition of "Uptier Priming Transaction."

"Rule 144A":
Rule 144A, as amended, under the Securities Act.

"Rule 144A Global Note":
Any Note sold in reliance on Rule 144A and issued in the form of a permanent global security as specified in Section 2.2(d) in
definitive, fully registered form without interest coupons substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit A hereto.

"Rule 144A Information": The meaning
specified in Section 7.15.

"Rule 17g-5": Rule 17g-5 under the Exchange Act.

"S&P": S&P Global Ratings, an S&P
Global business, and any successor or successors thereto.

"S&P
CDO Monitor": Each dynamic, analytical computer model developed by S&P, which as of the date hereof is available at
www.sp.sfproducttools.com, used to calculate the default frequency in terms of the amount of debt assumed to default as a
percentage of the original principal amount of the Collateral Obligations consistent with a specified benchmark rating level based
upon certain assumptions (including the applicable Weighted Average S&P Recovery Rate) and S&P's proprietary corporate
default studies, as may be amended by S&P from time to time upon notice to the Issuer, the Collateral Administrator and the
Collateral Trustee. Each S&P CDO Monitor will be chosen by the Portfolio Manager and associated with either (x) a Weighted
Average S&P Recovery Rate and a Weighted Average Floating Spread from Schedule 5 or (y) a Weighted Average S&P
Recovery Rate and a Weighted Average Floating Spread confirmed by S&P, provided that
as of any date of determination the Weighted Average S&P Recovery Rate for the Highest Ranking S&P Class equals or
exceeds the Weighted Average S&P Recovery Rate for such Class chosen by the Portfolio Manager and the Weighted Average
Floating Spread equals or exceeds the Weighted Average Floating Spread chosen by the Portfolio Manager.

62

"S&P CDO Monitor Formula
Election Date": The date designated by the Portfolio Manager upon at least five Business Days' prior written notice to S&P,
the Collateral Trustee and the Collateral Administrator as the date on which the Issuer will begin to utilize the S&P CDO Monitor
Adjusted BDR (as defined in Schedule 2 hereto); provided that an S&P CDO Monitor Formula Election Date may only occur once
after the occurrence of an S&P CDO Monitor Model Election Date.

"S&P
CDO Monitor Formula Election Period": (a) The period from and including the Closing Date to, but excluding, the
earlier of (i) the S&P CDO Monitor Model Election Date (if any) and (ii) the date on which each Class of Debt
rated by S&P is repaid in full and (b) if an S&P CDO Monitor Model Election Date occurs after the Closing Date, the
period from and including the S&P CDO Monitor Formula Election Date (if any) to the date on which each Class of Debt rated
by S&P is repaid in full.

"S&P CDO Monitor Model
Election Date": The date designated by the Portfolio Manager upon at least five Business Days' prior written notice to S&P,
the Collateral Trustee and the Collateral Administrator as the date on which the Issuer will begin to utilize the S&P CDO Monitor;
provided that an S&P CDO Monitor Model Election Date may only occur once.

"S&P CDO Monitor Model
Election Period": The period from and including the S&P CDO Monitor Model Election Date to but excluding the earlier of (i) the
S&P CDO Monitor Formula Election Date (if any) and (ii) the date on which each Class of Debt rated by S&P is repaid
in full.

"S&P CDO Monitor Test":
A test that will be satisfied on any date of determination if, with respect to the Highest Ranking S&P Class, on or after the Effective
Date and during the Reinvestment Period, if, after giving effect to the sale of a Collateral Obligation (excluding Defaulted Obligations)
or the purchase of an additional Collateral Obligation (excluding Defaulted Obligations), (a) during an S&P CDO Monitor Model
Election Period, following receipt by the Issuer and the Collateral Administrator of the applicable input file to the S&P CDO Monitor,
the Class Default Differential of the Proposed Portfolio is positive, or (b) during an S&P CDO Monitor Formula Election
Period (if any), the S&P CDO Monitor Adjusted BDR is equal to or greater than the S&P CDO Monitor SDR. The S&P CDO Monitor
Test will be considered to be maintained or improved (a) during an S&P CDO Monitor Model Election Period, following receipt by
the Issuer and the Collateral Administrator of the applicable input file to the S&P CDO Monitor, if the Class Default Differential
of the Proposed Portfolio is greater than or equal to the corresponding Class Default Differential of the Current Portfolio or (b) during
an S&P CDO Monitor Formula Election Period (if any), if the difference between the S&P CDO Monitor SDR less the S&P CDO Monitor
Adjusted BDR of the Proposed Portfolio is no greater than the difference between the S&P CDO Monitor SDR less the S&P CDO Monitor
Adjusted BDR of the Current Portfolio. During an S&P CDO Monitor Formula Election Period, (x) the definitions in Schedule 2 hereto
will apply and (y) in connection with the Effective Date, the S&P Effective Date Adjustments set forth in Schedule 2 hereto
will apply.

63

"S&P Collateral Value":
With respect to any Defaulted Obligation or Deferring Obligation, the lesser of (i) the S&P Recovery Amount of such Defaulted
Obligation as of the relevant Measurement Date and (ii) the Market Value of such Defaulted Obligation or Deferring Obligation as
of the relevant Measurement Date.

"S&P Effective Date Condition":
The meaning specified in Section 7.18(d).

"S&P Industry Classification":
The S&P Industry Classifications set forth in Schedule 1 hereto, and such industry classifications shall be updated at the option
of the Portfolio Manager if S&P publishes revised industry classifications.

"S&P Rating":
With respect to any Collateral Obligation, as of any date of determination, the rating determined in accordance with the following methodology:

(i) (a) if there is an issuer credit rating of the Obligor of such Collateral Obligation by S&P as published by S&P, or the
guarantor which unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees such Collateral Obligation pursuant to a form of guaranty that complies with
then-current S&P criteria for use in connection with this transaction, then the S&P Rating shall be such rating (regardless of
whether there is a published rating by S&P on the Collateral Obligations of such Obligor held by the Issuer; provided that,
private ratings (that is, ratings provided at the request of the Obligor) may be used for purposes of this definition if the related
Obligor has consented to the disclosure thereof and a copy of such consent has been provided to S&P) or (b) if there is no issuer
credit rating of the Obligor by S&P but (1) there is a senior secured rating on any obligation or security of the Obligor, then
the S&P Rating of such Collateral Obligation shall be one subcategory below such rating; (2) if clause (1) above does not
apply, but there is a senior unsecured rating on any obligation or security of the Obligor, the S&P Rating of such Collateral Obligation
shall equal such rating; and (3) if neither clause (1) nor clause (2) above applies, but there is a subordinated rating
on any obligation or security of the Obligor, then the S&P Rating of such Collateral Obligation shall be one subcategory above such
rating;

(ii) with respect to any Collateral Obligation that is a DIP Collateral Obligation, the S&P Rating thereof shall be the credit rating
assigned to such issue by S&P; provided that if such credit rating will expire on the earlier of (i) the 12-month anniversary
of the date S&P assigned such credit rating to such DIP Collateral Obligation, unless S&P renews such credit
rating, in which case, the credit rating shall expire on the 12-month anniversary of the date of renewal and (ii) the date S&P
provides notice to the Portfolio Manager that the credit quality of such DIP Collateral Obligation has deteriorated since S&P assigned
or renewed such credit rating; or

64

(iii) if there is not a rating by S&P on the Obligor or on an obligation of the Obligor, then the S&P Rating may be determined pursuant
to clauses (a) through (c) below:

(a) if an obligation of the Obligor is not a DIP Collateral Obligation and is publicly rated by Moody's, then the S&P Rating of such
obligation will be the S&P equivalent of the Moody's Rating (as determined in accordance with the methodologies for establishing the
Moody's Rating set forth herein);

(b) the S&P Rating may be based on a credit estimate provided by S&P, and in connection therewith, the Issuer, the Portfolio Manager
(on behalf of the Issuer) or the Obligor of such Collateral Obligation shall, prior to or within 30 days after the acquisition of such
Collateral Obligation, apply (and concurrently submit all available Information in respect of such application) to S&P for a credit
estimate which shall be its S&P Rating; provided that, (i) if such Information is submitted within such 30 day period,
then, pending receipt from S&P of such estimate, such Collateral Obligation shall have an S&P Rating as determined by the Portfolio
Manager in its sole discretion if the Portfolio Manager certifies to the Collateral Trustee and the Collateral Administrator that it believes
that such S&P Rating will be at least equal to such S&P Rating determined by the Portfolio Manager; (ii) if such Information
is not submitted within such 30-day period, then, pending receipt from S&P of such estimate, the Collateral Obligation shall have
(1) the S&P Rating as determined by the Portfolio Manager for a period of up to 90 days after the acquisition of such Collateral
Obligation and (2) an S&P Rating of "CCC-" following such 90-day period; unless, during such 90-day period, the Portfolio
Manager has requested the extension of such period and S&P, in its sole discretion, has granted such request; provided, that
if such 90 day period (or other extended period) elapses pending S&P's decision with respect to such application, the S&P Rating
of such Collateral Obligation shall be "CCC"; (iii) if the Collateral Obligation has had a public rating by S&P that
S&P has withdrawn or suspended within six months prior to the date of such application for a credit estimate in respect of such Collateral
Obligation, the S&P Rating in respect thereof shall be "CCC-" pending receipt from S&P of such estimate, and S&P
may elect not to provide such estimate until a period of six months have elapsed after the withdrawal or suspension of the public rating;
provided, further, that such credit estimate shall expire 12 months after the assignment of such credit estimate, following which
such Collateral Obligation shall have an S&P Rating of "CCC-" unless, during such 12-month period, the Issuer applies for
renewal thereof in accordance with this Indenture, in which case such credit estimate shall continue to be the S&P Rating of such
Collateral Obligation until S&P has confirmed or revised such credit estimate, upon which such confirmed or revised credit estimate
shall be the S&P Rating of such Collateral Obligation; (iv) such confirmed or revised credit estimate shall expire on the next
succeeding 12-month anniversary of the date of the assignment of such
credit estimate and (when renewed annually in accordance with this Indenture) on each 12- month anniversary thereafter; and (v) the
Issuer will, following receipt of notification from the Portfolio Manager, promptly notify S&P of any material event with respect
to any such Collateral Obligation if the Portfolio Manager determines that such event is a material event descried in S&P's published
criteria for credit estimates titled "Credit FAQ: Anatomy Of A Credit Estimate: What It Means and How We Do It" dated January 2021
(as the same may be amended or updated from time to time); and

65

(c) with respect to a Collateral Obligation that is not a Defaulted Obligation, the S&P Rating of such Collateral Obligation will
at the election of the Issuer (at the direction of the Portfolio Manager) be "CCC-"; provided that, (i) neither
the issuer of such Collateral Obligation nor any of its Affiliates are subject to any bankruptcy or reorganization proceedings, (ii) the
issuer has not defaulted on any payment obligation in respect of any debt security or other obligation of the issuer at any time within
the two-year period ending on such date of determination, all such debt securities and other obligations of the issuer that are pari
passu with or senior to the Collateral Obligation are current and the Portfolio Manager reasonably expects them to remain current
and (iii) the Issuer will, following receipt of notification from the Portfolio Manager, promptly notify S&P of any material
event with respect to any such Collateral Obligation if the Portfolio Manager determines that such event is a material event as described
in S&P's published criteria for credit estimates titled "Credit FAQ: Anatomy Of A Credit Estimate: What It Means and How We Do
It" dated January 2021 (as the same may be amended or updated from time to time);

(iv) with respect to a DIP Collateral Obligation that has no issue rating by S&P, the S&P Rating of such DIP Collateral Obligation
will be, at the election of the Issuer (at the direction of the Portfolio Manager), "CCC-" or, for a period of up to 90 days
following the issuance of such DIP Collateral Obligation (or such earlier date if an S&P Rating is assigned prior to the expiration
of such 90-day period), such higher rating as reasonably determined by the Portfolio Manager (not to be called into question as a result
of subsequent events) so long as the Portfolio Manager reasonably expects that such DIP Collateral Obligation will be assigned an S&P
Rating equal to or higher than such S&P Rating determined by the Portfolio Manager no later than 90 days after such determination;
provided, that (A) if such DIP Collateral Obligation has no issue rating by S&P at the expiration of such 90-day period,
the S&P Rating will be, at the election of the Issuer "CCC-" and (B) the Portfolio Manager will provide Information
with respect to such DIP Collateral Obligation to S&P, if available; or

66

(v) if it is a Current Pay Obligation, the Obligor of which is rated "D" or "SD" by S&P, the S&P Rating of
such Current Pay Obligation shall be, at the election of the Issuer (at the direction of the Portfolio Manager) the higher of "CCC"
or the issue rating by S&P of such Current Pay Obligation;

provided
that, for purposes of the determination of the S&P Rating, (x) if the applicable rating assigned by S&P to an
Obligor or its obligations is on "credit watch positive" by S&P, such rating shall be treated as being one sub-category
above such assigned rating and (y) if the applicable rating assigned
by S&P to an Obligor or its obligations is on "credit watch negative" by S&P, such rating shall be treated as being
one sub-category below such assigned rating; provided, that, if any notching specified in this paragraph would result in a Collateral
Obligation having an S&P Rating of below "CCC-", the S&P Rating of such Collateral Obligation shall, at the election
of the Issuer (acting on the instructions of the Portfolio Manager (acting in its sole discretion)) be "CCC-".

"S&P Rating Condition":
With respect to any action taken or to be taken by or on behalf of the Issuer, a condition that is satisfied if S&P has, upon request
of the Portfolio Manager or the Issuer, confirmed in writing (including by means of electronic message, press release, posting to its
internet website, or any other means implemented by S&P), or has waived the review of such action by such means, to the Issuer, the
Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Portfolio Manager that no immediate withdrawal or reduction with
respect to S&P's then-current rating of any Class of Debt will occur as a result of such action; provided that, the
S&P Rating Condition will (i) be satisfied if any Class of Debt that receives a solicited rating from S&P are not Outstanding
or rated by S&P or (ii) not be required if (a) S&P makes a public statement to the effect that it will no longer review
events or circumstances of the type requiring satisfaction of the S&P Rating Condition in this Indenture for purposes of evaluating
whether to confirm the then-current ratings (or Initial Ratings) of obligations rated by it; (b) S&P communicates to the Issuer,
the Portfolio Manager or the Collateral Trustee (or their respective counsel) that it will not review such event or circumstance for purposes
of evaluating whether to confirm the then-current ratings (or Initial Ratings) of the Debt; or (c) with respect to amendments requiring
unanimous consent of all Holders of Debt, such Holders have been advised prior to consenting that the current ratings of the Debt may
be reduced or withdrawn as a result of such amendment.

"S&P Recovery Amount":
With respect to any Collateral Obligation or Workout Loan, an amount equal to:

(a) the applicable S&P Recovery Rate; multiplied by

(b) the Principal Balance of such Collateral Obligation.

"S&P Recovery Rate":
With respect to a Collateral Obligation, the recovery rate set forth in Schedule 5 using the Initial Rating of the Highest Ranking S&P
Class at the time of determination.

"S&P Recovery Rating":
With respect to a Collateral Obligation for which an S&P Recovery Rate is being determined, the "Recovery Rating" assigned
by S&P to such Collateral Obligation.

67

"S&P Weighted Average Recovery
Rate": As of any date of determination with respect to the Highest Ranking S&P Class, the number, expressed as a percentage,
obtained by summing the product of the S&P Recovery Rate on such date of determination of each Collateral Obligation (excluding
any Defaulted Obligation) and the Principal Balance of such Collateral Obligation, dividing such sum by the Aggregate Principal
Balance of all such Collateral Obligations and rounding to the nearest tenth of a percent.

"Sale": The meaning
specified in Section 5.17(a).

"Sale Proceeds": All
proceeds (excluding accrued interest, if any) received with respect to Assets as a result of sales or other dispositions of such Assets
in accordance with Article XII (or Section 4.4 or Article V, as applicable) less any reasonable expenses incurred by the
Portfolio Manager, the Collateral Administrator or the Collateral Trustee (other than amounts payable as Administrative Expenses) in connection
with such sales or other dispositions.

"Scheduled Distribution":
With respect to any Asset, for each Due Date, the scheduled payment of principal and/or interest due on such Due Date with respect to
such Asset, determined in accordance with the assumptions specified in Section 1.2 or, in the case of Collateral Obligations acquired
after the Closing Date, the related Cut-Off Date, as adjusted pursuant to the terms of the Underlying Instruments.

"Second Lien Loan":
Any assignment of or Participation Interest in a (1) First Lien Last Out Loan or (2) a Loan that: (a) is not (and cannot
by its terms become) subordinate in right of payment to any other obligation of the Obligor of the Loan (other than with respect to trade
claims, capitalized leases or similar obligations) but which is subordinated (with respect to liquidation preferences with respect to
pledged collateral but subject to exceptions for customary permitted liens) to a Senior Secured Loan of the Obligor; (b) is secured
by a valid second-priority perfected security interest or lien in, to or on specified collateral securing the Obligor's obligations under
the Second Lien Loan the value of which is adequate (in the commercially reasonable judgment of the Portfolio Manager) to repay the Loan
in accordance with its terms and to repay all other Loans of equal or higher seniority secured by a lien or security interest in the same
collateral.

"Secured Obligations": The meaning specified
in the Granting Clauses.

"Secured Parties": The meaning specified in the Granting Clauses.

"Securities Act":
The United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

"Securities Intermediary": The meaning
specified in Section 8-102(a)(14) of the UCC.

"Securitization Laws": The UK Securitization Laws together with the
EU Securitization Laws.

"Selling Institution": The entity obligated
to make payments to the Issuer under the terms of a Participation Interest (other than an Affiliate Participation Interest).

"Selling Institution Collateral": The meaning
specified in Section 10.4.

68

"Senior Secured Bond":
Any obligation that: (a) constitutes borrowed money, (b) is in the form of, or represented by, a bond, note, certificated debt
security or other debt security (other than any of the foregoing that evidences a Loan, a Senior Secured Floating Rate Note or a Participation
Interest), (c) is not secured solely by common stock or other equity interests, (d) if it is subordinated by its terms, is subordinated
only to indebtedness for borrowed money, trade claims, capitalized leases or other similar obligations, (e) is secured by a valid
first priority perfected security interest or lien in, to or on specified collateral securing the Obligor's obligations under such obligation
and (f) that is issued by a corporation, limited liability company, partnership or trust.

"Senior
Secured Floating Rate Note": Any obligation that: (a) constitutes borrowed money, (b) is in the form of, or
represented by, a bond, note (other than any note evidencing a Loan), certificated debt security or other debt security, (c) is
expressly stated to bear interest based upon a secured overnight financing rate for Dollar deposits in Europe or a relevant
reference bank's published base rate or prime rate for Dollar-denominated obligations in the United States or the United Kingdom,
(d) does not constitute, and is not secured by, Margin Stock, (e) if it is subordinated by its terms, is subordinated only
to indebtedness for borrowed money, trade claims, capitalized leases or other similar obligations, (f) is secured by a valid
first priority perfected security interest or lien in, to or on specified collateral securing the Obligor's obligations under such
obligation and (f) that is issued by a corporation, limited liability company, partnership or trust.

"Senior Secured Loan":
Any assignment of or Participation Interest in a Loan that: (a) is not (and cannot by its terms become) subordinate in right of payment
to any other obligation of the Obligor of the Loan (other than with respect to liquidation, trade claims, capitalized leases or similar
obligations and any Permitted Super Senior Loan); (b) is secured by a valid first-priority perfected security interest or lien in,
to or on specified collateral securing the Obligor's obligations under the Loan; and (c) the value of the collateral securing the
Loan at the time of purchase together with other attributes of the Obligor (including, without limitation, its general financial condition,
ability to generate cash flow or revenue available for debt service and other demands for that cash flow or revenue) is adequate (in the
commercially reasonable judgment of the Portfolio Manager) to repay the Loan in accordance with its terms and to repay all other Loans
of equal seniority secured by a first lien or security interest in the same collateral.

"Similar Laws": Local,
state, federal, non-U.S. laws or other applicable laws that are substantially similar to the prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA
or Section 4975 of the Code.

"SOFR": With respect
to any day, the secured overnight financing rate published for such day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator
of the benchmark, (or a successor administrator) on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York's website.

"Special Priority of Payments":
The meaning specified in Section 11.1(a)(iii).

"Special Redemption": The meaning specified in Section 9.6.

"Special Redemption Date":
The meaning specified in Section 9.6.

69

"Specified Amendment":
With respect to any Collateral Obligation, any amendment, waiver or modification which would:

(i) modify the amortization schedule with respect to such Collateral Obligation in a manner that (A) reduces the dollar amount of
any Scheduled Distribution by more than the greater of (x) 25% and (y) U.S.$250,000, (B) postpones any Scheduled Distribution
by more than two payment periods or (C) causes the Weighted Average Life of the applicable Collateral Obligation to increase by more
than 25%;

(ii) reduce or increase the cash interest rate payable by the Obligor thereunder by more than 100 basis points (excluding any increase
in an interest rate arising by operation of a default or penalty interest clause under a Collateral Obligation or as a result of an increase
in the interest rate index for any reason other than such amendment, waiver or modification);

(iii) extend the stated maturity date of such Collateral Obligation by more than 24 months or beyond the Stated Maturity;

(iv) contractually or structurally subordinate such Collateral Obligation by operation of a priority of payments, turnover provisions,
the transfer of assets in order to limit recourse to the related Obligor or the granting of liens (other than Permitted Liens) on any
of the underlying collateral securing such Collateral Obligation;

(v) release any party from its obligations under such Collateral Obligation, if such release would have a material adverse effect on the
Collateral Obligation; or

(vi) reduce
the principal amount of the applicable Collateral Obligation.

"SR 2024": The Securitisation Regulations 2024 (SI 2024/102) made by the UK Treasury.

"Stated Maturity":
With respect to the Notes of any Class, the date specified as such in Section 2.3(b).

"Step-Down Obligation":
An obligation or security which by the terms of the related Underlying Instruments provides for a decrease in the per annum interest rate
on such obligation or security (other than by reason of any change in the applicable index or benchmark rate used to determine such interest
rate) or in the spread over the applicable index or benchmark rate, solely as a function of the passage of time; provided that, an obligation
or security providing for payment of a constant rate of interest at all times after the date of acquisition by the Issuer shall not constitute
a Step- Down Obligation.

"Step-Up Obligation":
Any obligation which provides for an increase, in the case of an obligation which bears interest at a fixed rate, in the per annum interest
rate on such obligation or, in the case of an obligation which bears interest at a floating rate, in the spread over that applicable index
or benchmark rate, solely as a function of the passage of time.

"Structured
Finance Obligation": Any debt obligation which is secured directly, or represents the ownership of, a pool of consumer
receivables, auto loans, auto leases, equipment leases, home or commercial mortgages, corporate debt or sovereign debt obligations
or similar assets, including, without limitation, collateralized bond obligations, collateralized loan obligations or any similar
asset backed security.

70

"Structuring Agents":
GreensLedge Capital Markets LLC, in its capacity as lead structuring agent, KKR Capital Markets LLC, in its capacity as co-structuring
agent and KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., its capacity as co-structuring agent.

"Subordinated Management Fee":
The fee payable to the Portfolio Manager in arrears on each Payment Date, pursuant to Section 8 of the Portfolio Management Agreement
and the Priority of Payments, equal to 0% per annum (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed during
the related Interest Accrual Period) of the Fee Basis Amount measured as of the first day of the Collection Period relating to each Payment
Date.

"Substitute Collateral Obligations":
Collateral Obligations conveyed by the Transferor to the Issuer as substitute Collateral Obligations pursuant to Section 12.5(a).

"Substitute Collateral Obligations
Qualification Conditions": The following conditions:

(i) each Coverage Test, Collateral Quality Test and Concentration Limitation remains satisfied or, if not in compliance at the time of
substitution, any such Coverage Test, Collateral Quality Test or Concentration Limitation is maintained or improved;

(ii) the Principal Balance of such Substitute Collateral Obligation (or, if more than one Substitute Collateral Obligation will be added
in replacement of a Collateral Obligation or Collateral Obligations, the Aggregate Principal Balance of such Substitute Collateral Obligations)
equals or exceeds the Principal Balance of the Collateral Obligation being substituted for and the Net Exposure Amount, if any, with respect
thereto shall have been deposited in the Revolver Funding Account;

(iii) the Market Value of such Substitute Collateral Obligation (or, if more than one Substitute Collateral Obligation will be added in
replacement of a Collateral Obligation or Collateral Obligations, the aggregate Market Value of such Substitute Collateral Obligations)
equals or exceeds the Market Value of the Collateral Obligation being substituted;

(iv) (a) if any of the Collateral Obligations being substituted for are Second Lien Loans, the Aggregate Principal Balance of all
Substitute Collateral Obligations that are Second Lien Loans equals or is less than the Principal Balance of the Collateral Obligations
being substituted that are Second Lien Loans and (b) if none of the Collateral Obligations being substituted are Second Lien Loans,
no Substitute Collateral Obligation is a Second Lien Loan;

(v) the S&P Rating of each Substitute Collateral Obligation is equal to or higher than the S&P Rating of the Collateral Obligation
being substituted; and

71

(vi) solely after the Reinvestment Period, the stated maturity date of each Substitute Collateral Obligation is the same or earlier than
the stated maturity date of the Collateral Obligation being substituted for.

"Substitution Event": An event which shall
have occurred with respect to any Collateral Obligation that:

(i) becomes a Defaulted Obligation;

(ii) has a Material Covenant Default;

(iii) becomes subject to a proposed Specified Amendment; or

(iv) becomes
a Credit Risk Obligation.

"Substitution Period":
The meaning specified in Section 12.5(a)(ii).

"Successor Entity": The meaning specified in Section 7.10(a).

"Supermajority": With
respect to any (x) Class of Debt, the Holders of at least 66-2/3% of the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Debt of such Class and
(y) Interests, the members of the Issuer having Percentage Interests aggregating at least 66-2/3% Percentage Interests in the Issuer.

"Superpriority New Money Debt":
The meaning specified in the definition of "Uptier Priming Transaction."

"Swapped Defaulted Obligation
Transaction": The meaning specified in Section 12.4(a).

"Synthetic Obligation":
A security or swap transaction, other than a Participation Interest, that has payments associated with either payments of interest on
and/or principal of a reference obligation or the credit performance of a reference obligation.

"Target Initial Par Amount":
U.S.$500,000,000.

"Target Initial Par Balance":
As of any date of determination, an amount equal to the Aggregate Principal Balance of Collateral Obligations that are held by the Issuer
and that the Issuer has committed to purchase on such date (provided that for purposes of this definition the Principal Balance
of any Defaulted Obligation shall be its S&P Collateral Value), together with any Principal Financed Accrued Interest and the amount
of any Principal Proceeds (on a trade date basis and without duplication on the settlement date) received in respect of Collateral Obligations
purchased by the Issuer prior to such date (other than any such proceeds that have been reinvested in Collateral Obligations held by the
Issuer on such date).

"Target Initial Par Condition":
A condition satisfied as of the Effective Date if the Target Initial Par Balance exceeds the Target Initial Par Amount.

"Tax": Any tax, levy,
impost, duty, charge or assessment of any nature (including interest, penalties and additions thereto) imposed by any governmental taxing
authority.

72

"Tax Advice": Written
advice from Dechert LLP, or an opinion from tax counsel of nationally recognized standing in the United States experienced in transactions
of the type being addressed that (i) is based on knowledge by the Person giving the advice of all relevant facts and circumstances
of the Issuer and proposed action (which are described in the advice or in a written description referred to in the advice which may be
provided by the Issuer or Portfolio Manager) and (ii) is intended by the Person rendering the advice to be relied upon by the Issuer
or the Portfolio Manager in determining whether to take such action.

"Tax Event": An event
that occurs if (i) any Obligor under any Collateral Obligation is required to deduct or withhold from any payment under such Collateral
Obligation to the Issuer for or on account of any Tax for whatever reason (other than withholding tax imposed on any Permitted Withholding
Tax Asset (subject to the limitations set forth in the proviso to the definition of Permitted Withholding Tax Asset)) and such Obligor
is not required to pay to the Issuer such additional amount as is necessary to ensure that the net amount actually received by the Issuer
(free and clear of Taxes, whether assessed against such Obligor or the Issuer) will equal the full amount that the Issuer would have received
had no such deduction or withholding occurred or (ii) any jurisdiction imposes net income, profits or similar Tax on the Issuer.

"Tax Jurisdiction":
A sovereign jurisdiction that is commonly used as the place of organization of special purpose vehicles (including, without limitation,
the Bahamas, Bermuda, the British Virgin Islands, the Cayman Islands, the Channel Islands, Curaao, St. Maarten).

"Tax Redemption":
The meaning specified in Section 9.3(a).

"Temporary Global Note":
Any Note sold outside the United States to Qualified Purchasers that are non-"U.S. persons" in reliance on Regulation S and
issued in the form of a temporary global note as specified in Section 2.2(c) in definitive, fully registered form without interest
coupons.

"Term SOFR": For each
Interest Accrual Period, the forward-looking term rate for the applicable Corresponding Tenor based on SOFR as obtained by the Calculation
Agent, as reported by the Term SOFR Administrator (in each case rounded to the nearest 0.00001%) on the related Interest Determination
Date; provided that if, on any Interest Determination Date, such rate is not available or the Calculation Agent is unable to determine
Term SOFR, then, unless and until a Fallback Rate is adopted, Term SOFR will mean Term SOFR Reference Rate for the Corresponding Tenor
as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference
Rate for the Corresponding Tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities
Business Day is not more than five Business Days prior to such Interest Determination Date or (y) if the Term SOFR Reference Rate
cannot be determined in accordance with clause (x) of this proviso, the Term SOFR Rate shall be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as determined
on the previous Interest Determination Date.

"Term SOFR Administrator":
CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited, or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Portfolio Manager
with notice to the Collateral Trustee and the Collateral Administrator.

"Term SOFR Reference Rate":
The forward-looking term rate based on SOFR.

73

"Third Party Credit Exposure":
As of any date of determination, the Principal Balance of each Collateral Obligation that consists of a Participation Interest (other
than an Affiliate Participation Interest).

"Third Party Credit Exposure
Limits": Limits that shall be satisfied if the Third Party Credit Exposure with counterparties having the ratings below from
S&P do not exceed the percentage of the Collateral Principal Amount specified below:

S&P's
credit 

rating of Selling

Institution Aggregate

Percentage

Limit Individual

Percentage

Limit

AAA 20% 20%

AA+ 10% 10%

AA 10% 10%

AA- 10% 10%

A+ 5% 5%

A 5% 5%

A-
and below 0% 0%

provided
that, a Selling Institution having an S&P credit rating of "A" must also have a short-term S&P rating
of "A-1" otherwise its "Aggregate Percentage Limit" and "Individual Percentage Limit" shall be 0%.

"Trading Gains": With
respect to any Collateral Obligation which is repaid, prepaid, redeemed or sold, an amount equal to any excess of (a) the Principal
Proceeds or the Sale Proceeds, as applicable, received in respect thereof over (b) an amount equal to the greater of (1) the
Principal Balance thereof and (2) the purchase price thereof (expressed as a percentage of par) multiplied by the Principal Balance,
in each case net of (i) any expenses incurred in connection with any repayment, prepayment, redemption or sale thereof, and (ii) in
the case of a sale of such Collateral Obligation, any interest accrued but not paid thereon which has not been capitalized as principal
and included in the sale price thereof.

"Trading Plan": The
meaning specified in Section 1.2(i).

"Trading Plan Period": The meaning specified in Section 1.2(i).

"Transaction Documents":
This Indenture, the Portfolio Management Agreement, the Collateral Administration Agreement, the Placement Agreement, the Class A
Credit Agreements, the Account Agreement, the ESMA Reporting Side Letter, the Loan Sale Agreement, the Retention Undertaking Letter and
any Master Participation Agreement.

"Transaction Parties":
The Issuer, the Portfolio Manager, the Placement Agents, the Structuring Agents, the Retention Holder, the Transferor, the Custodian,
the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent and the Collateral Administrator.

74

"Transfer Agent":
The Person or Persons, which may be the Issuer, authorized by the Issuer to exchange or register the transfer of Notes.

"Transfer Certificate":
A duly executed certificate substantially in the form of the applicable Exhibit B.

"Transfer Deposit Amount":
On any date of determination with respect to any Collateral Obligation, an amount equal to the sum of the outstanding principal balance
of such Collateral Obligation, together with accrued interest thereon through such date of determination, and in connection with any Collateral
Obligation which is a Revolving Collateral Obligation or a Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation, an amount equal to the Net Exposure
Amount thereof as of the applicable Cut-Off Date.

"Transferor": FS KKR
Capital Corp., in its capacity as transferor under the Loan Sale Agreement.

"Transparency Reporting Agent":
An entity, other than the Collateral Administrator, that is appointed by the Issuer to prepare (or assist in the preparation of) and/or
make available certain reports pursuant to the EU/UK Transparency Requirements.

"Transparency Reports": The meaning specified
in Section 10.13.

"Treasury Regulation": The regulations promulgated under the Code.

"U.S.
Government Securities Business Day": Any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which
the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for
the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities as indicated on the SIFMA Website.

"U.S. person": The meaning specified in
Regulation S.

"U.S. Retention Holder": On the Closing
Date, the Transferor, and thereafter any successor, assignee or transferee thereof permitted under the U.S. Risk Retention Rules.

"U.S.
Risk Retention Rules": (i) The federal interagency credit risk retention rules, codified at 17 C.F.R. Part 246
and (ii) any other future law, rules or regulations relating to credit risk retention that may apply to the issuance or
incurrence of Debt pursuant to this Indenture and the Class A Credit Agreements, as applicable.

"U.S. Tax Person": A "United States
person" within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.

"UCC": The Uniform Commercial Code, as
in effect from time to time in the State of New York.

"UK Securitization Framework":
Together (i) The Securitisation Regulations 2024 (SI 2024/102) (the SR 2024) made by the UK Treasury, (ii) the
FCASR, (iii) the PRASR, and (iv) those provisions of the FSMA conferring power on the UK Treasury, the UK Financial Conduct
Authority and the UK Prudential Regulation Authority to make, respectively, the SR 2024, the rules in the FCASR and the rules in
the PRASR, and those provisions of the FSMA referred to in, as applicable, the SR 2024, the FCASR
and the PRASR, all (except as otherwise stated) as amended from time to time.

75

"UK Risk Retention Requirements":
The risk retention requirements set out in the Article 6 of Chapter 2 of the PRASR and SECN 5 of the FCASR.

"UK Transparency Requirements"
means the transparency requirements set out in Article 7 of Chapter 2 of the PRASR, and SECN 6 of the FCASR.

"Uncertificated Security":
The meaning specified in Article 8 of the UCC.

"Underlying Instrument":
The indenture or other agreement pursuant to which an Asset has been issued or created and each other agreement that governs the terms
of or secures the obligations represented by such Asset or of which the holders of such Asset are the beneficiaries.

"Unregistered Securities":
The meaning specified in Section 5.17(c).

"Unsalable Asset":
(a) (i) A Defaulted Obligation, (ii) an Equity Security, (iii) an obligation received in connection with an Offer,
in a restructuring or plan of reorganization with respect to the obligor, or (iv) any other exchange or any other security or debt
obligation that is part of the Assets, in the case of (i), (ii) or (iii) in respect of which the Issuer has not received a payment
in Cash during the preceding 12 months or (b) any Asset identified in the certificate of the Portfolio Manager as having a Market
Value of less than $1,000, in each case of (a) and (b) with respect to which the Portfolio Manager certifies to the Collateral
Trustee that (x) it has made commercially reasonable efforts to dispose of such Asset for at least 90 days and (y) in its commercially
reasonable judgment such Asset is not expected to be saleable for the foreseeable future.

"Unscheduled Principal Payments":
All Principal Proceeds received in respect of Collateral Obligations from optional or nonscheduled mandatory redemptions or amortizations,
exchange offers, tender offers or other payments made at the option of the issuer thereof or that are otherwise not scheduled to be made.

"Unsecured Loan":
A senior unsecured Loan which is not (and by its terms is not permitted to become) subordinate in right of payment to any other debt for
borrowed money incurred by the Obligor under such Loan.

"Uptier Priming Debt":
Any Superpriority New Money Debt and/or any Rolled Senior Uptier Debt acquired by the Issuer resulting from, or received in connection
with an Uptier Priming Transaction. For the avoidance of doubt, Uptier Priming Debt must satisfy the requirements of the definition of
"Collateral Obligation" or "Workout Loan" and shall be treated as a such for all purposes of this Indenture.

"Uptier
Priming Transaction": Any transaction effected in connection with the bankruptcy related to, or the workout or
restructuring of, any existing Collateral Obligation held by the Issuer in which (x) new debt is issued by an Obligor or an
affiliate of an Obligor of such Collateral Obligation which will be senior in priority (either with respect to contractual payment,
lien or structure) to the existing Collateral Obligation or have collateral that secures such new debt that does not secure the
existing Collateral Obligation ("Superpriority New Money Debt") and/or (y) some or all of the secured lenders
of the Superpriority New Money Debt have the opportunity to exchange their existing secured debt for priming debt that is senior in
priority to all other outstanding debt of such Obligor (including the Collateral Obligation held by the Issuer) other than
Superpriority New Money Debt (without any requirement to pay additional amounts, other than reasonable and customary expenses, e.g.,
transfer costs) ("Rolled Senior Uptier Debt").

76

"Valuation":
With respect to any Collateral Obligation, a recent (as determined by the Portfolio Manager in accordance with the Portfolio Manager
Standard) valuation of the fair market value of such Collateral Obligation established by (a) reference to the bid
side price listed on a third- party pricing service such as LoanX or LPC or other service selected by the Portfolio Manager
in accordance with the Portfolio Manager Standard; provided that, if a fair market value is available from more than
one pricing service, the highest such bid side value so obtained shall be used, or (b) if data for such
Collateral Obligation is not available from such a pricing service, an analysis performed by a nationally recognized valuation firm
to establish a fair market value of such Collateral Obligation which reflects the bid side price that would be paid by
a willing buyer to a willing seller of such Collateral Obligation in an expedited sale on an arms-length basis.

"Volcker Rule": Section 13
of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

"Waived Management Fee":
The meaning specified in Section 11.1(e).

"Weighted Average Coupon":
As of any date of determination, the number obtained by dividing:

(a) the amount equal to the Aggregate Coupon; by

(b) an amount equal to the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Fixed Rate Obligations as of such date of determination (excluding (1) any
Deferrable Obligation to the extent of any non-cash interest and (2) the unfunded portion of any Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation
or Revolving Collateral Obligation that are Fixed Rate Obligations).

provided that with respect to any Fixed
Rate Obligation that is a Permitted Withholding Tax Asset, an amount equal to any expected withholding tax (as reasonably determined by
the Issuer) on such Permitted Withholding Tax Asset shall be excluded from the current per annum rate

"Weighted Average Floating
Spread": As of any date of determination, the number obtained by dividing: (a) the amount equal to (i) the Aggregate
Funded Spread plus (ii) the Aggregate Unfunded Spread plus (iii) the Aggregate Excess Funded Spread; by (b) an
amount equal to the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Floating Rate Obligations as of such date of determination (excluding (A) any
Defaulted Obligation and (B) any Deferrable Obligation to the extent of any non-cash interest); provided, that, solely for
purposes of the S&P CDO Monitor Test, the Weighted Average Floating Spread shall be determined using an Aggregate Excess Funded Spread
deemed to equal zero.

77

"Weighted
Average Life": As of any date of determination with respect to all Collateral Obligations other than Defaulted Obligations,
the number of years following such date obtained by:

(I) summing the products obtained by multiplying:

(a) the Average Life at such time of each such Collateral Obligation, by

(b) the Principal Balance of such Collateral Obligation, 

and

(II) dividing such sum by: the Aggregate Principal Balance
at such time of all Collateral Obligations other than Defaulted Obligations.

For the purposes of the foregoing,
the "Average Life" is, on any date of determination with respect to any Collateral Obligation, the quotient obtained
by dividing (i) the sum of the products of (a) the number of years (rounded to the nearest one hundredth thereof)
from such date of determination to the respective dates of each successive Scheduled Distribution of principal of such Collateral Obligation
and (b) the respective amounts of principal of such Scheduled Distributions by (ii) the sum of all successive
Scheduled Distributions of principal on such Collateral Obligation.

"Weighted Average Life Test":
A test satisfied on any date of determination if the Weighted Average Life of the Collateral Obligations as of such date is less than
or equal to the value in the column entitled "Weighted Average Life Value" in the table below corresponding to the immediately
preceding Payment Date (or prior to the first Payment Date after the Closing Date, the Closing Date):

Date Weighted Average Life 

Value

Closing Date 8.00

October 15, 2025 7.45

January 15, 2026 7.20

April 15, 2026 6.95

July 15, 2026 6.70

October 15, 2026 6.45

January 15, 2027 6.20

April 15, 2027 5.95

July 15, 2027 5.70

October 15, 2027 5.45

January 18, 2028 5.19

April 17, 2028 4.95

July 17, 2028 4.70

October 16, 2028 4.45

January 16, 2029 4.20

April 16, 2029 3.95

July 16, 2029 3.70

October 15, 2029 3.45

January 15, 2030 3.20

April 15, 2030 2.95

July 15, 2030 2.70

78

October 15, 2030 2.45

January 15, 2031 2.20

April 15, 2031 1.95

July 15, 2031 1.70

October 15, 2031 1.45

January 15, 2032 1.20

April 15, 2032 0.95

July 15, 2032 0.70

October 15, 2032 0.45

January 18, 2033 0.19

On and after October April 15, 2033 0.00

"Weighted Average S&P Recovery
Rate": As of any Measurement Date, the number, expressed as a percentage and determined separately for each Class of Debt,
obtained by summing the products obtained by multiplying the outstanding Principal Balance of each Collateral Obligation by its corresponding
recovery rate as determined in accordance with Schedule 5 hereto, dividing such sum by the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Collateral
Obligations, and rounding to the nearest tenth of a percent.

"Workout Loan": Any
Restructured Loan that (x) does not satisfy one or more of the following criteria in the definition of "Collateral Obligation",
but otherwise satisfies the remaining criteria set forth in such definition: clauses (ii), (viii), (x), (xxiv) (solely to the extent
that an Equity Security is attached or stapled or issued in connection with such Restructuring Loan and provided that, for the
avoidance of doubt, any portion constituting an Equity Security or that is convertible or exchangeable for an Equity Security shall be
treated as an Equity Security or a Workout Security and not as a Workout Loan), (xxv), (xxviii), (xxix) and (xxx) thereof as
determined by the Portfolio Manager, (y) is no more junior in right of payment than the related Collateral Obligation that was subject
to insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization, default, workout or restructuring or similar event and (z) at the time of such acquisition
(or commitment to acquire), the Portfolio Manager reasonably believes (not to be called into question as a result of subsequent events)
that making such investment will (i) prevent bankruptcy or insolvency of the related Obligor, (ii) minimize material losses
in connection with the related Collateral Obligation or (iii) otherwise improve recovery prospects with respect to the related Obligor
or Collateral Obligation. Except to the extent provided above, the acquisition of Workout Loans will not be required to satisfy the Investment
Criteria. Notwithstanding anything else to the contrary herein, a Workout Loan will be treated as a Defaulted Obligation for all purposes
under this Indenture; provided that on any Business Day as of which such Workout Loan satisfies the definition of "Collateral Obligation"
(as tested on such date and without giving effect to any carve-outs set forth in this definition), the Portfolio Manager may designate
(by written notice to the Issuer and the Collateral Administrator) such Workout Loan as a "Collateral Obligation," and thereafter,
such Workout Loan shall be treated as a Collateral Obligation for all purposes under this Indenture.

"Workout Security":
An equity security (A) purchased by the Issuer with Interest Proceeds or a Contribution or (B) received by the Issuer, in the
case of each of clauses (A) and (B), in connection with and resulting from the exercise of an option, a warrant, right of conversion,
pre-emptive right, rights offering, credit bid or similar right in connection with the workout or restructuring of a Collateral Obligation or an equity
security or interest received in connection with the workout or restructuring of a Collateral Obligation. The acquisition of Workout Securities
will not be required to satisfy the Investment Criteria.

79

"Workout Test": A
test that will be satisfied if, with respect to an application of Principal Proceeds to purchase securities resulting from the exercise
of an option, warrant, right of conversion or similar right, to make payments required in connection with a workout or restructuring of
a Collateral Obligation or to acquire Workout Securities or Workout Loans if, immediately after giving effect to such application of Principal
Proceeds, (i) the aggregate amount of Principal Proceeds applied to purchase Workout Loans and Workout Securities is no more than
5.0% of the Collateral Principal Amount, (ii) the aggregate amount of Principal Proceeds applied to purchase Workout Loans and Workout
Securities, measured cumulatively from the Closing Date onward, may not exceed 10.0% of the Target Initial Par Amount, (iii) each
Overcollateralization Ratio Test will be satisfied, and (iv) the Adjusted Collateral Principal Amount of all Collateral Obligations
plus Eligible Investments constituting Principal Proceeds plus, without duplication, the amounts constituting Principal Proceeds on deposit
in the Collection Account and the Contribution Account (to the extent such amounts in the Contribution Account have been designated as
Principal Proceeds pursuant to the definition of "Permitted Use") will be at least equal to the Reinvestment Target Par Balance.

"Zero Coupon Obligation":
Any debt security that by its terms (a) does not bear interest for all or part of the remaining period that it is outstanding, (b) provides
for periodic payments of interest in Cash less frequently than semi-annually or (c) pays interest only at its stated maturity.

Section 1.2. Assumptions
as to Assets

In
connection with all calculations required to be made pursuant to this Indenture with respect to Scheduled Distributions on any
Asset, or any payments on any other assets included in the Assets, with respect to the sale of and reinvestment in Collateral
Obligations, and with respect to the income that can be earned on Scheduled Distributions on such Assets and on any other amounts
that may be received for deposit in the Collection Account, the provisions set forth in this Section 1.2 shall be applied. The
provisions of this Section 1.2 shall be applicable to any determination or calculation that is covered by this
Section 1.2, whether or not reference is specifically made to this Section 1.2, unless some other method of calculation or
determination is expressly specified in the particular provision.

(a) All calculations with respect to Scheduled Distributions on the Assets shall be made on the basis of information as to the terms of
each such Asset and upon reports of payments, if any, received on such Asset that are furnished by or on behalf of the issuer of such
Asset and, to the extent they are not manifestly in error, such information or reports may be conclusively relied upon in making such
calculations.

(b) For purposes of calculating the Coverage Tests, except as otherwise specified in such tests, such calculations will not include scheduled
interest and principal payments on Defaulted Obligations, unless such payments have actually been received in Cash.

80

(c) For each Collection Period and as of any date of determination, the Scheduled Distribution on any Asset (other than a Defaulted Obligation,
which, except as otherwise provided herein, shall be assumed to have a Scheduled Distribution of zero) shall be the sum of (i) the
total amount of payments and collections to be received during such Collection Period in respect of such Asset (including the proceeds
of the sale of such Asset received and, in the case of sales which have not yet settled, to be received during the Collection Period and
not reinvested in additional Collateral Obligations or Eligible Investments or retained in the Collection Account for subsequent reinvestment
pursuant to Section 12.2) that, if received as scheduled, will be available in the Collection Account at the end of the Collection
Period and (ii) any such amounts received in prior Collection Periods that were not disbursed on or prior to such date of determination.

(d) Each Scheduled Distribution receivable with respect to an Asset shall be assumed to be received on the applicable Due Date, and each
such Scheduled Distribution shall be assumed to be immediately deposited in the Collection Account to earn interest at the Assumed Reinvestment
Rate. All such funds shall be assumed to continue to earn interest until the date on which they are required to be available in the Collection
Account for application, in accordance with the terms hereof, to payments on the Debt or other amounts payable pursuant to this Indenture.
For purposes of the applicable determinations required by Section 10.7(b)(iv), Article XII and the definition of Interest Coverage
Ratio, the expected interest on the Debt and Floating Rate Obligations will be calculated using the then current interest rates applicable
thereto.

(e) References in Section 11.1(a) to calculations or determinations made on a "pro forma basis" or to the extent
a Class is the Controlling Class, shall mean such calculations or determinations after giving effect to all payments, in accordance
with the Priority of Payments described herein, that precede (in priority of payment) or include the clause in which such calculation
is made.

(f) For purposes of calculating all Concentration Limitations, in both the numerator and the denominator of any component of the Concentration
Limitations, Defaulted Obligations will be treated as having a Principal Balance equal to zero.

(g) If a Collateral Obligation included in the Assets would be deemed a Current Pay Obligation but for the applicable percentage limitation
in the proviso to clause (x) of the proviso to the definition of Defaulted Obligation, then the Current Pay Obligations with the
lowest Market Value (assuming that such Market Value is expressed as a percentage of the Principal Balance of such Current Pay Obligations
as of the date of determination) shall be deemed Defaulted Obligations. Each such Defaulted Obligation will be treated as a Defaulted
Obligation for all purposes until such time as the Aggregate Principal Balance of Current Pay Obligations would not exceed, on a pro
forma basis including such Defaulted Obligation, the applicable percentage of the Collateral Principal Amount.

81

(h) Except where expressly referenced herein for inclusion in such calculations, Defaulted Obligations will not be included in the calculation
of the Collateral Quality Test.

(i) For purposes of calculating compliance with the Investment Criteria, at the election of the Portfolio Manager in its sole discretion,
any proposed investment (whether a single Collateral Obligation or a group of Collateral Obligations) identified by the Portfolio Manager
as such at the time when compliance with the Investment Criteria is required to be calculated (a "Trading Plan") may
be evaluated after giving effect to all sales and reinvestments proposed to be entered into within a specified period of no longer than
10 Business Days (which period does not extend over a Determination Date) following the date of determination of such compliance (such
period, the "Trading Plan Period"); provided that, (i) the Portfolio Manager, on behalf of the Issuer,
notifies the Collateral Trustee (who will post such notice on the Collateral Trustee's Website), the Collateral Administrator and the
Rating Agency promptly upon the commencement of a Trading Plan, (ii) no Trading Plan may result in the acquisition of Collateral
Obligations with an Average Life less than six months, (iii) no Trading Plan may result in the acquisition of a group of Collateral
Obligations if the difference between the shortest Average Life of any Collateral Obligation in such group and the longest Average Life
of any Collateral Obligation in such group is greater than three years, (iv) no
Trading Plan may result in the purchase of Collateral Obligations having an Aggregate Principal Balance that exceeds 5.0% of the Collateral
Principal Amount as of the first day of the Trading Plan Period, (v) no more than one Trading Plan may be in effect at any time during
a Trading Plan Period and (vi) if the Investment Criteria are not satisfied with respect to any such identified reinvestment, notice
will be provided to the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Rating Agency; provided, further,
that in connection with calculating compliance with the Investment Criteria in connection with any Trading Plan, the Portfolio Manager,
at its discretion, may exclude from such calculations any Credit Risk Obligations sold during the applicable Trading Plan Period; provided,
however, that, (x) subject to the restrictions set forth above, the Portfolio Manager may modify any Trading Plan during the
related Trading Plan Period, and such modification will not be deemed to constitute a failure of such Trading Plan and (y) so long
as the Investment Criteria are satisfied upon the expiry of the applicable Trading Plan Period (as it may be amended), the failure to
satisfy any of the terms and assumptions specified in such Trading Plan will not be deemed to constitute a failure of such Trading Plan.

(j) For purposes of any calculation hereunder, any Eligible Investment representing Principal Proceeds shall be deemed to be a Senior
Secured Loan, until reinvested in additional Collateral Obligations. Such calculations shall be based upon the principal amount of such
Eligible Investment or Collateral Obligation.

(k) For purposes of calculating the Sale Proceeds of a Collateral Obligation in sale transactions, Sale Proceeds will include any Principal
Financed Accrued Interest received in respect of such sale.

82

(l) For purposes of calculating clause (i) of the Concentration Limitations, the amounts on deposit in the Collection Account and
the Ramp-Up Account (including Eligible Investments therein) representing Principal Proceeds shall each be deemed to be a Floating Rate
Obligation that is a Senior Secured Loan.

(m) For purposes of calculating compliance with each of the Concentration Limitations, all calculations will be rounded to the nearest
0.1%. All other calculations, unless otherwise set forth herein or the context otherwise requires, shall be rounded to the nearest ten-thousandth
if expressed as a percentage, and to the nearest one- hundredth if expressed otherwise.

(n) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture to the contrary, all monetary calculations under this Indenture shall be in
Dollars.

(o) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and subject to the standard of care under the Portfolio Management Agreement and
the legal, contractual and fiduciary duties owed by the Portfolio Manager, including the duty to act in the best interest of the Issuer,
whenever in this Indenture or any other Transaction Document the Portfolio Manager is permitted or required to make a decision in its
"sole discretion," "reasonable discretion" or "discretion" or under a grant of similar authority or latitude,
the Portfolio Manager shall be entitled to consider such interests and factors as it desires, including its own interests, and shall have
no duty or obligation to give any consideration to any interest of or factors affecting any other Person. The intent of granting authority
to act in its "discretion" to the Portfolio Manager is that no other party's express consent is required to be obtained by the
Portfolio Manager when acting pursuant to such grant of authority under this Indenture; provided that any action taken pursuant to such
grant of discretion is consistent with the legal, contractual and fiduciary duties owed by the Portfolio Manager. Subject to the Portfolio
Management Agreement and applicable law, if any questions should arise with respect to the operation of the Issuer that are not specifically
provided for in this Indenture, or with respect to the interpretation of this Indenture, the Portfolio Manager is authorized to make a
final determination in its sole discretion with respect to any such question, and its determination and interpretation so made shall be
final and binding on all parties.

(p) Any reference in this Indenture to an amount of the Collateral Trustee's or the Collateral Administrator's fees calculated with respect
to a period at a per annum rate shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed during the related
Interest Accrual Period and shall be based on the Fee Basis Amount.

(q) To the extent there is, in the reasonable determination of the Collateral Administrator or the Collateral Trustee, any ambiguity in
the interpretation of any definition or term contained in this Indenture or to the extent the Collateral Administrator or the Collateral
Trustee reasonably determines that more than one methodology can be used to make any of the determinations or calculations set forth herein,
the Collateral Administrator and/or the Collateral Trustee, as the case may be, shall be entitled to request direction
from the Portfolio Manager as to the interpretation and/or methodology to be used, and the Collateral Administrator and the Collateral
Trustee, as applicable, shall be entitled to follow such direction and conclusively rely thereon without any responsibility or liability
therefor.

83

(r) For purposes of calculating compliance with any tests hereunder (including the Target Initial Par Condition, Collateral Quality Test
and Concentration Limitations), the trade date with respect to any acquisition or disposition of a Collateral Obligation or Eligible Investment
shall be used to determine whether and when such acquisition or disposition has occurred.

(s) For purposes of the definition of Collateral Obligation, the reference to the "purchase" of a Collateral Obligation shall
include the purchase of an obligation with cash, the receipt of an obligation by the Issuer in connection with a Contribution and the
receipt of a new obligation in connection with the redemption and re-issuance of an obligation in a cashless roll where the redemption
proceeds with respect to the Collateral Obligation being redeemed are "rolled" into the new obligation.

(t) For all purposes (including calculation of the Coverage Tests) except in connection with calculations for the Weighted Average Floating
Spread, the Principal Balance of a Revolving Collateral Obligation, a Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation or a Workout Loan will include
all unfunded commitments that have not been irrevocably reduced or withdrawn.

(u) All calculations related to Maturity Amendments, sales of Collateral Obligations, the Investment Criteria (and definitions related
to sales of Collateral Obligations and the Investment Criteria), and other tests that would be calculated cumulatively beginning on the
Closing Date will be reset at zero on the date of any Optional Redemption or Refinancing of the Debt other than on any Partial Redemption
Date unless the S&P Rating Condition has been satisfied with respect to the Debt that are not subject to the refinancing on such Partial
Redemption Date.

(v) Measurement of the degree of compliance with the Coverage Tests shall be required as of each date of determination occurring (i) in
the case of each Overcollateralization Ratio Test, on or after the Effective Date and (ii) in the case of the Interest Coverage Test,
on or after the Determination Date immediately preceding the second Payment Date after the Closing Date.

(w) Any direction or Issuer Order required hereunder relating to the purchase, acquisition, sale, disposition or other transfer of a Collateral
Obligation may be in the form of a trade ticket, confirmation of trade, instruction to post or to commit to the trade or similar instrument
or document or other written instruction (including by e-mail or other electronic communication or file transfer protocol) from an Authorized
Officer of the Portfolio Manager on which the Collateral Trustee may rely.

84

(x) For purposes of determining whether any Overcollateralization Ratio Test will be satisfied, maintained or improved, as applicable,
in connection with the acquisition of any Uptier Priming Debt or Workout Loans (including in accordance with the conditions set forth
in Section 10.2(d)), any potential reduction in the Adjusted Collateral Principal Amount that would result (determined on a pro forma
basis) from declining to participate in the workout or restructuring of the related Collateral Obligation (including, for the avoidance
of doubt, with respect to the inability to participate in any Rolled Senior Uptier Debt), on the one hand, as compared to the Adjusted
Collateral Principal Amount measured on a pro forma basis after giving effect to the acquisition of such Uptier Priming Debt or Workout
Loans, participation in the related workout or restructuring and the related transactions in connection therewith, on the other hand (in
each case, as determined in the commercially reasonable judgment of the Portfolio Manager), may be taken into account with respect thereto.

(y) For purposes of calculating the Collateral Quality Test, DIP Collateral Obligations will be treated as having an S&P Recovery
Rate (as applicable) equal to the S&P Recovery Rate for Senior Secured Loans.

(z) For purposes of determining the total potential indebtedness of any Obligor of a Drop Down Asset, such total potential indebtedness
of the Obligor thereof shall be deemed to include the total potential indebtedness of the Obligor of the related Subject Asset.

(aa) In the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Indenture and those of the Class A Credit Agreements, the provisions
of this Indenture shall prevail.

ARTICLE II

THE DEBT

Section 2.1. Forms
Generally

The Notes and the Collateral Trustee's
or Authenticating Agent's certificate of authentication thereon (the "Certificate of Authentication") shall be in substantially
the forms required by this Article II, with such appropriate insertions, omissions, substitutions and other variations as are required
or permitted by this Indenture, and may have such letters, numbers or other marks of identification and such legends or endorsements placed
thereon, as may be consistent herewith, determined by an Authorized Officer of the Issuer executing such Notes as evidenced by their execution
of such Notes. Any portion of the text of any such Note may be set forth on the reverse thereof, with an appropriate reference thereto
on the face of such Note.

Section 2.2. Forms
of Notes

(a) The forms of the Notes will be as set forth in Exhibit A hereto.

(b) Notes of each Class will be duly executed by the Issuer and authenticated by the Collateral Trustee or the Authenticating Agent
as hereinafter provided.

85

(c) Except for Notes issued in the form of Certificated Notes, the Notes of each Class offered to Qualified Purchasers that are non-"U.S.
persons" in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S will be issued initially in the form of Temporary Global Notes and with
the applicable legend set forth in Exhibit A added thereto, which will be deposited on behalf of the subscribers for such Notes represented
thereby with the Collateral Trustee as custodian for DTC and registered in the name of a nominee of DTC for the respective accounts of
Euroclear and Clearstream. On or after the 40th day following the later of the Closing Date and the commencement of the offering of the
Notes (the "Restricted Period"), beneficial interests in a Temporary Global Note of any Class of Notes may be exchanged
for interests in a Regulation S Global Note of the same Class upon certification that the beneficial owner(s) of such Temporary
Global Note are Qualified Purchasers that are not "U.S. persons" (as defined under Regulation S). Upon the exchange of a Temporary
Global Note for a Regulation S Global Note after the Restricted Trading Period, the Regulation S Global Note will be deposited with the
Collateral Trustee as custodian for DTC and registered in the name of a nominee of DTC for the account of Euroclear and Clearstream. During
the Restricted Period, interests in a Temporary Global Note will not be transferable to a person that takes delivery in the form of any
interest in a Rule 144A Global Note or a Certificated Note.

(d) Except for Notes issued in the form of Certificated Notes, the Notes of each Class sold to Persons that are QIB/QPs will be issued
initially in the form of one Rule 144A Global Note per Class and will be deposited on behalf of the subscribers for such Notes
represented thereby with the Collateral Trustee as custodian for DTC and registered in the name of a nominee of DTC. Notes issued to an
Other Account on the Closing Date that is both an Institutional Accredited Investor and a Qualified Purchaser will be issued in the form
of Certificated Notes.

(e) All of the Notes issued on the Closing Date, other than Certificated Notes issued to an Other Account, will be issued in the form
of Global Notes and will be deposited, in the case of the Rule 144A Global Notes, with the Collateral Trustee as custodian for DTC
and registered in the name of a nominee of DTC, and, in the case of Regulation S Global Notes, registered in the name of a nominee of
DTC for the account of Euroclear and Clearstream. After the Closing Date, all of the Notes shall be in the form of Global Notes except
(x) Certificated Notes held by an Other Account and (y) Certificated Notes issued following a Depository Event or upon the request
of a Holder during the continuance of an Event of Default. Certificated Notes held by an Other Account may not be exchanged at any time
except in connection with a transfer of such Certificated Notes in accordance with Section 2.5(f) of this Indenture.

(f) Book Entry Provisions. This Section 2.2(f) shall apply only to Global Notes deposited with or on behalf of DTC.

(i) The Aggregate Outstanding Amount of Global Notes may from time to time be increased or decreased by adjustments made on the records
of the Collateral Trustee or DTC or its nominee, as the case may
be, as hereinafter provided.

86

(ii) The provisions of the "Operating Procedures of the Euroclear System" of Euroclear and the "Terms and Conditions Governing
Use of Participants" of Clearstream, respectively, will be applicable to the Global Notes insofar as interests in such Global Notes
are held by the Agent Members of Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be.

(iii) Agent Members and owners of beneficial interests in Global Notes shall have no rights under this Indenture with respect to any Global
Notes held on their behalf by the Collateral Trustee, as custodian for DTC and DTC may be treated by the Issuer, the Collateral Trustee,
and any agent of the Issuer or the Collateral Trustee as the absolute owner of such Note for purposes of this Indenture. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, nothing herein shall prevent the Issuer, the Collateral Trustee, or any agent of the Issuer or the Collateral Trustee,
from giving effect to any written certification, proxy or other authorization furnished by DTC or impair, as between DTC and its Agent
Members, the operation of customary practices governing the exercise of the rights of a Holder of any Note.

(g) CUSIPs. As an administrative convenience or in connection with a Re-Pricing of Notes, a Refinancing, an issuance of additional
notes or enforcement of a "subordination agreement" within the meaning of Section 510(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, the
Issuer or the Issuer's agent may obtain a separate CUSIP or separate CUSIPs (or similar identifying numbers) for all or a portion of any
Class of Notes.

Section 2.3. Authorized
Amount; Stated Maturity; Denominations

(a) The aggregate principal amount of Notes that may be authenticated and delivered under this Indenture
and the Class A Loans that may be incurred under the Class A Credit Agreements is limited to U.S.$380,000,000 aggregate
principal amount of Debt (except for (i) Deferred Interest with respect to the Deferred Interest Debt, (ii) Debt
authenticated and delivered upon registration of transfer of, or in exchange for, or in lieu of, other Debt pursuant to
Section 2.5, Section 2.6 or Section 8.5 or (iii) additional debt issued or
incurred in accordance with Sections 2.13 and 3.2).

(b) Such Debt shall be divided into the Classes, having the designations, original principal amounts and other characteristics as follows:

Designation Class A-1

Notes Class A-1L

Loans Class A-1W

Loans Class A-2

Notes Class A-2L

Loans Class B

Notes Class C

Notes

Type Senior Secured Floating Rate Senior Secured Floating Rate Senior Secured Floating Rate Senior Secured Floating Rate Senior Secured Floating Rate Senior Secured Floating Rate Secured Deferrable Floating Rate

Initial Principal

Amount (U.S.$) 160,000,000 100,000,0001 30,000,0001 0 20,000,0002 30,000,000 40,000,000

87

Designation Class A-1

Notes Class A-1L

Loans Class A-1W

Loans Class A-2

Notes Class A-2L

Loans Class B 

Notes Class C

Notes

Target S&P Initial Rating "AAA (sf)" "AAA (sf)" "AAA (sf)" "AAA (sf)" "AAA (sf)" "AA (sf)" "A (sf)"

Index

Maturity 3 month 3 month 3 month 3 month 3 month 3 month 3 month

Interest Rate3 

Reference Rate +

1.48% 

Reference Rate +

1.48% 

Reference Rate +

1.48% 

Reference Rate +

1.60% 

Reference Rate +

1.60% 

Reference Rate +

1.75% 

Reference Rate +

2.15%

Deferred Interest Debt No No No No No No Yes

Re-Pricing Eligible4 No No No Yes Yes No No

Stated Maturity (Quarterly Payment Date

in) April 2037 April 2037 April 2037 April 2037 April 2037 April 2037 April 2037

Minimum Denominations (U.S.$)

(Integral Multiples) $250,000 ($1) $250,000 ($1) $250,000 ($1) $250,000 ($1) $250,000 ($1) $250,000 ($1) $250,000 ($1)

Priority Class(es) None None None A-1, A-1L, A-1W A-1, A-1L, A-1W 

A-1, A-1L,

A-1W, A-2, A-2L 

A-1, A-1L,

A-1W, A-2, A-2L, B

Pari Passu

Class(es) A-1L, A-1W Class A-1, A-1W A-1, A-1L A-2L A-2 None None

Junior Class(es) 

A-2, A-2L, B,

C, Interests 

A-2, A-2L, B, C,

Interests 

A-2, A-2L, B, C,

Interests 

B, C,

Interests 

B, C,

Interests C, Interests Interests

1 The outstanding principal amount of the Class A-1 Notes
will be U.S.$160,000,000 on the Closing Date and may be increased to up to U.S.$290,000,000in aggregate upon the exercise of the Class A-1L
Conversion Option and/or the Class A-1W Conversion Option which shall effect the conversion of the Class A-1L Loans into the
Class A-1 Notes and the Class 1W Loans into the Class A-1 Notes pursuant to Sections 2.15 and 2.16 hereof. For the avoidance
of doubt, the Class A-1L Loans are not being issued pursuant to this Indenture but rather the Class A-1L Loans are being incurred
pursuant to the Class A-1L Credit Agreement, and further, the Class A-1W Loans are not being issued pursuant to this Indenture
but rather the Class A-1W Loans are being incurred pursuant to the Class A-1W Credit Agreement. At the election of a Class A-1L
Lender, or Class A-1W Lender, as applicable, all or a portion of the outstanding principal amount of the Class A-1L Loans or
Class A-1W Loans held by such Class A-1L Lender or Class A-1W Lender may be converted into Class A-1 Notes, in which
case the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Class A-1 Notes will be increased by the amount of the Class A-1L Loans or Class A-1W
Loans so converted and the outstanding principal amount of the Class A-1L Loans or Class A-1W Loans will be decreased accordingly.

2. The outstanding principal amount of the Class A-2 Notes will be U.S.$0 on the Closing Date and may be increased to up to an additional
U.S.$20,000,000 for a total aggregate principal amount of up to $20,000,000 upon the exercise of the Class A-2L Conversion Option
which shall effect the conversion of the Class A-2L Loans into the Class A-2 Notes pursuant to Section 2.17 hereof. For
the avoidance of doubt, the Class A-2L Loans are not being issued pursuant to this Indenture but rather the Class A-2L Loans
are being incurred pursuant to the Class A- 2L Credit Agreement. At the election of a Class A-2L Lender, all or a portion of
the outstanding principal amount of the Class A-2L Loans held by such Class A-2L Lender may be converted into Class A-2
Notes, in which case the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Class A-2 Notes will be increased by the amount of the Class A-2L
Loans so converted and the outstanding principal amount of the Class A-2L Loans will be decreased accordingly.

3. The Reference Rate initially will be three-month Term SOFR; provided that Term SOFR (a) for the period from the Closing Date
to but excluding the First Interest Determination End Date, will be determined by interpolating linearly (and rounding to five decimal
places) between the rate reported by the Term SOFR Administrator for the next shorter period of time (relative to the length of such portion
of the first Interest Accrual Period following the Closing Date) for which rates are available and the rate reported by the Term SOFR
Administrator for the next longer period of time (relative to the length of such portion of the first Interest Accrual Period following
the Closing Date) for which rates are available and (b) for the remainder of the first Interest Accrual Period following the Closing
Date, will be three-month Term SOFR.

4 The spread over Term SOFR (or the stated interest rate, in the
case of Fixed Rate Debt) applicable to any Class of Re-Pricing Eligible Debt may be reduced in connection with a Re-Pricing of such
Class of Re-Pricing Eligible Debt, subject to the conditions set forth in Section 9.8.

(c) The Notes will be issued in Minimum Denominations. Notes shall only be transferred or resold in compliance with the terms of this
Indenture.

88

Section 2.4. Execution,
Authentication, Delivery and Dating

The Notes shall be executed on behalf
of the Issuer by one of its Authorized Officers. The signature of such Authorized Officer on the Notes may be manual or electronic.

Notes bearing the manual or electronic
signatures of individuals who were at the time of execution Authorized Officers of the Issuer, shall bind the Issuer, notwithstanding
the fact that such individuals or any of them have ceased to hold such offices prior to the authentication and delivery of such Notes
or did not hold such offices at the date of issuance of such Notes.

At any time and from time to time after
the execution and delivery of this Indenture, the Issuer may deliver Notes executed by the Issuer to the Collateral Trustee or the Authenticating
Agent for authentication and the Collateral Trustee or the Authenticating Agent, upon Issuer Order (which Issuer Order shall be deemed
to be provided upon delivery of such executed Notes ), shall authenticate and deliver such Notes as provided in this Indenture and not
otherwise.

Each Note authenticated and delivered
by the Collateral Trustee or the Authenticating Agent upon Issuer Order on the Closing Date shall be dated as of the Closing Date. All
other Notes that are authenticated and delivered after the Closing Date for any other purpose under this Indenture shall be dated the
date of their authentication.

Notes issued upon transfer, exchange
or replacement of other Notes shall be issued in Minimum Denominations reflecting the original Aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Notes
so transferred, exchanged or replaced, but shall represent only the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Notes so transferred, exchanged
or replaced. In the event that any Note is divided into more than one Note in accordance with this Article II, the original principal
amount of such Note shall be proportionately divided among the Notes delivered in exchange therefor and shall be deemed to be the original
aggregate principal amount of such subsequently issued Notes.

No Note shall be entitled to any benefit
under this Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose, unless there appears on such Note a Certificate of Authentication, substantially
in the form provided for herein, executed by the Collateral Trustee or by the Authenticating Agent by the manual or electronic signature
of one of its Authorized Officers, and such certificate upon any Note shall be conclusive evidence, and the only evidence, that such Note
has been duly authenticated and delivered hereunder.

Section 2.5. Registration,
Registration of Transfer and Exchange

(a) (i) The Issuer shall cause the Notes to be registered and shall cause to be kept a register (the "Register") at the Corporate
Trust Office in which, subject to such reasonable regulations as it may prescribe, the Issuer shall provide for the registration of Notes
and the registration of transfers of Notes. The Collateral Trustee is hereby initially appointed as "registrar" (the "Registrar")
for the purpose of maintain the Register and registering Notes and transfers of such Notes in the Register. Upon any resignation or removal
of the Registrar, the Issuer shall promptly appoint a successor or, in the absence of such appointment or until such appointment is effective,
assume the duties of Registrar.

89

(ii) If a Person other than the Collateral Trustee is appointed by the Issuer as Registrar, the Issuer will give
the Collateral Trustee prompt written notice (with a copy to the Portfolio Manager) of the appointment of a Registrar and of the location,
and any change in the location, of the Register, and the Collateral Trustee shall have the right to inspect the Register at all reasonable
times and to obtain copies thereof and the Collateral Trustee shall have the right to rely upon a certificate executed on behalf of the
Registrar by an Officer thereof as to the names and addresses of the Holders and the principal amounts and numbers of such Notes. Upon
written request at any time, the Registrar shall provide to the Issuer, the Portfolio Manager or any Holder a current list of Holders
as reflected in the Register. At the expense of the Issuer and at the direction of the Issuer or the Portfolio Manager, the Collateral
Trustee shall request a list of participants from the book-entry depositories and provide such list to the Issuer or the Portfolio Manager,
as applicable.

(iii) Subject to this Section 2.5, upon surrender for registration of transfer of any Notes at the office
or agency of the Issuer to be maintained as provided in Section 7.2, the Issuer shall execute, and the Collateral Trustee shall authenticate
and deliver, in the name of the designated transferee or transferees, one or more new Notes of any Minimum Denomination and of a like
aggregate principal or face amount.

(iv) At the option of the Holder, Notes may be exchanged for Notes of like terms, in any Minimum Denominations
and of like aggregate principal amount, upon surrender of the Notes to be exchanged at such office or agency. Whenever any Note is surrendered
for exchange, the Issuer shall execute, and the Collateral Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, the Notes that the Holder making the
exchange is entitled to receive.

(v) All Notes authenticated and delivered upon any registration of transfer or exchange of Notes shall be the
valid obligations of the Issuer, evidencing the same debt (to the extent they evidence debt), and entitled to the same benefits under
this Indenture as the Notes surrendered upon such registration of transfer or exchange.

(vi) Every Note presented or surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange shall be duly endorsed, or
be accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form reasonably satisfactory to the Registrar duly executed by the Holder thereof
or such Holder's attorney duly authorized in writing, with such signature guaranteed by an "eligible guarantor institution"
meeting the requirements of the Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in Securities Transfer Agents Medallion
Program ("STAMP") or such other "signature guarantee program" as may be determined by the Registrar in addition
to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Exchange Act.

90

(vii) No service charge shall be made to a Holder for any registration of transfer or exchange of Notes, but the
Issuer, the Registrar or the Collateral Trustee may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge
payable in connection therewith. The Registrar or the Collateral Trustee shall be permitted to request such evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it documenting the identities and/or signatures of the transferor and transferee.

(b) (i) No Note may be sold or transferred (including, without limitation, by pledge or hypothecation) unless such sale or transfer is exempt
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, is exempt from the registration requirements under applicable state securities
laws and will not cause either of the Issuer or the pool of collateral to become subject to the requirement that it register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act.

(ii) No Note may be offered, sold, delivered or transferred (including, without limitation, by pledge or hypothecation)
except (i) to (A) a Qualified Purchaser that is not a "U.S. person" (as defined under Regulation S) in accordance
with the requirements of Regulation S, (B) a QIB/QP or (C) solely in the case of Certificated Notes, an IAI/QP and (ii) in
accordance with any applicable law.

(iii) [Reserved].

(iv) No Note may be offered, sold or delivered (i) as part of the distribution by any Placement Agent at
any time or (ii) otherwise until after the Restricted Period within the United States or to, or for the benefit of, "U.S. persons"
(as defined under Regulation S) except in accordance with Rule 144A or an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities
Act, to Qualified Purchasers that are (x) purchasing for their own account or for the accounts of one or more Qualified Institutional
Buyers for which the purchaser is acting as a fiduciary or agent or (y) solely in the case of Certificated Notes issued to an Other
Account, an Institutional Accredited Investor. The Notes may be sold or resold, as the case may be, in offshore transactions to Qualified
Purchasers that are non-"U.S. persons" (as defined under Regulation S) in reliance on Regulation S. No Rule 144A Global
Note may at any time be held by or on behalf of any Person that is not a QIB/QP, and no Temporary Global Note or Regulation S Global Note
may be held at any time by or on behalf of any Person that is either (A) not a Qualified Purchaser or (B) a U.S. person. None
of the Issuer, the Collateral Trustee or any other Person may register the Notes under the Securities Act or any state or other securities
laws or the applicable laws of any other jurisdiction.

91

(c) No transfer of a beneficial interest in a Note will be effective if the transferee's acquisition, holding
or disposition of such interest would constitute or result in a prohibited transaction under Section 406
of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (or in a violation of any Similar Law or other applicable law), unless an exemption is available
and all conditions have been satisfied.

(d) Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Collateral Trustee will not be responsible
for ascertaining whether any transfer complies with, or for otherwise monitoring or determining compliance with, the registration provisions
of or any exemptions from the Securities Act, applicable state securities laws or the applicable laws of any other jurisdiction, ERISA,
the Code or the Investment Company Act; provided that, if a Transfer Certificate is specifically required by the terms of
this Section 2.5 to be provided to the Collateral Trustee, the Collateral Trustee shall be under a duty to receive and examine the
same to determine whether or not the certificate substantially conforms on its face to the applicable requirements of this Indenture and
shall promptly notify the party delivering the same if such certificate does not comply with such terms; provided further, the
Collateral Trustee shall not be required to obtain any certificate specifically required by the terms of this Section 2.5 if the
Collateral Trustee is not notified of or in a position to know of any transfer requiring such a certificate to be presented by the proposed
transferor or transferee.

(e) Transfers of Global Notes shall only be made in accordance with this Section 2.5(e).

(i) Rule 144A Global Note to Regulation S Global Note. If a holder of a beneficial interest
in a Rule 144A Global Note deposited with DTC wishes at any time to exchange its interest in such Rule 144A Global Note
for an interest in the corresponding Regulation S Global Note, or to transfer its interest in such Rule 144A Global Note to a
Person who wishes to take delivery thereof in the form of an interest in the corresponding Regulation S Global Note, such holder
(provided that, such holder or, in the case of a transfer, the transferee, is a Qualified Purchaser that is not a U.S.
person and is acquiring such interest in an offshore transaction in accordance with Regulation S) may, subject to the immediately
succeeding sentence and the rules and procedures of DTC, exchange or transfer, or cause the exchange or transfer of, such
interest for an equivalent beneficial interest in the corresponding Regulation S Global Note. Upon receipt by the Collateral Trustee
or the Registrar of (A) instructions given in accordance with DTC's procedures from an Agent Member directing the Collateral
Trustee or the Registrar to credit or cause to be credited a beneficial interest in the corresponding Regulation S Global Note, but
not less than the Minimum Denomination applicable to such holder's Notes, in an amount equal to the beneficial interest in the
Rule 144A Global Note to be exchanged or transferred, (B) a written order given in accordance with DTC's procedures
containing information regarding the participant account of DTC and the Euroclear or Clearstream account to be credited with such
increase and (C) a Transfer Certificate from the transferor and the transferee in the form of Exhibit B-2, then the
Collateral Trustee or the Registrar shall confirm the instructions at DTC to reduce the principal amount of the Rule 144A
Global Note and to increase the principal
amount of the Regulation S Global Note by the aggregate principal amount of the beneficial interest in the Rule 144A Global Note
to be exchanged or transferred, and to credit or cause to be credited to the securities account of the Person specified in such instructions
a beneficial interest in the corresponding Regulation S Global Note equal to the reduction in the principal amount of the Rule 144A
Global Note.

92

(ii) Regulation S Global Note to Rule 144A Global Note. If a holder of a beneficial interest in a Regulation S Global Note
deposited with DTC wishes at any time to exchange its interest in such Regulation S Global Note for an interest in the corresponding Rule 144A
Global Note or to transfer its interest in such Regulation S Global Note to a Person who wishes to take delivery thereof in the form of
an interest in the corresponding Rule 144A Global Note, such holder may, subject to the immediately succeeding sentence and the rules and
procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream and/or DTC, as the case may be, exchange or transfer, or cause the exchange or transfer of, such
interest for an equivalent beneficial interest in the corresponding Rule 144A Global Note. Upon receipt by the Collateral Trustee
or the Registrar of (A) instructions from Euroclear, Clearstream and/or DTC, as the case may be, directing the Registrar to cause
to be credited a beneficial interest in the corresponding Rule 144A Global Note in an amount equal to the beneficial interest in
such Regulation S Global Note, but not less than the Minimum Denomination applicable to such holder's Notes to be exchanged or transferred,
such instructions to contain information regarding the participant account with DTC to be credited with such increase and (B) a Transfer
Certificate from the transferor and the transferee in the form of Exhibit B-1, then the Registrar will confirm the instructions at
DTC to reduce, or cause to be reduced, such Regulation S Global Note by the aggregate principal amount of the beneficial interest in such
Regulation S Global Note to be transferred or exchanged and the Registrar shall instruct DTC, concurrently with such reduction, to credit
or cause to be credited to the securities account of the Person specified in such instructions a beneficial interest in the corresponding
Rule 144A Global Note equal to the reduction in the principal amount of such Regulation S Global Note.

(f) Transfers and exchanges of or for Certificated Notes will only be made in accordance with this Section 2.5(f) and
Section 2.10.

(i) If a Depository Event has occurred or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and a holder of a Certificated Note wishes
at such time to exchange its interest in such Certificated Note for one or more Certificated Notes or to transfer such Certificated Note
to a Person who wishes to take delivery thereof in the form of a Certificated Note, such holder may exchange or transfer its interest
upon delivery of the documents set forth in the following sentence. Upon receipt by the Registrar of (A) a Holder's Certificated
Note properly endorsed for assignment to the transferee, and (B) a Transfer Certificate from the transferor and the
transferee in the form of Exhibit B-3, the Registrar shall cancel such Certificated Note in accordance with Section 2.9, record
the transfer in the Register in accordance with Section 2.5(a) and upon execution by the Issuer and authentication and delivery
by the Collateral Trustee, deliver one or more Certificated Notes bearing the same designation as the Certificated Note endorsed for
transfer, registered in the names specified in the assignment described in clause (A) above, in principal amounts designated by
the transferee (the aggregate of such principal amounts being equal to the aggregate principal amount of the Certificated Note surrendered
by the transferor), and in Minimum Denominations.

93

(ii) If an Other Account holding a Certificated Note wishes at any time to transfer such Certificated Note to a Person who wishes to take
delivery thereof in the form of an interest in a Rule 144A Global Note, such Other Account may, subject to the immediately succeeding
sentence and the rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream and/or DTC, as the case may be, transfer, or cause the transfer of,
such Certificated Note to such Person in the form of a beneficial interest in a Rule 144A Global Note. Upon receipt by the Registrar
of (A) such Other Account's Certificated Note properly endorsed for assignment to the transferee, (B) instructions given in
accordance with DTC's procedures from an Agent Member directing the Registrar to credit or cause to be credited a beneficial interest
in a Rule 144A Global Note in an amount equal to the Certificated Note to be transferred, but not less than the Minimum Denomination
applicable to such Other Account's Certificated Notes, such instructions to contain information regarding the participant account with
DTC to be credited with such increase and (C) a Transfer Certificate from the transferor and the transferee in the form of Exhibit B-1,
then the Registrar shall cancel such Certificated Note in accordance with Section 2.9, record the transfer in the Register in accordance
with Section 2.5(a) and the Registrar shall confirm the instructions at DTC, concurrently with such cancellation, to credit
or cause to be credited to the securities account of the Person specified in such instructions a beneficial interest in a Rule 144A
Global Note equal to the principal amount of the Certificated Note transferred.

94

(iii) If an Other Account holding a Certificated Note wishes at any time to transfer such Certificated Note to a Person who wishes to take
delivery thereof in the form of an interest in a Regulation S Global Note, such Other Account (provided that, the transferee
is a Qualified Purchaser that is not a U.S. person and is acquiring such interest in an offshore transaction) may, subject to the immediately
succeeding sentence and the rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream and/or DTC, as the case may be, transfer, or cause the transfer of, such Certificated Note
to such Person in the form of a beneficial interest in a Regulation S Global Note. Upon receipt by the Registrar of (A) such Other
Account's Certificated Note properly endorsed for assignment to the transferee, (B) instructions given in accordance with Euroclear, Clearstream
or DTC's procedures, as the case may be, from an Agent Member directing the Registrar to credit or cause to be credited a beneficial interest
in a Regulation S Global Note in an amount equal to the Certificated Note to be transferred, but not less than the Minimum Denomination
applicable to such Other Account's Certificated Notes, such instructions to contain information regarding the participant account with
DTC and the Euroclear or Clearstream account to be credited with such increase and (C) a Transfer Certificate from the transferor
and the transferee in the form of Exhibit B-2, then the Registrar shall cancel such Certificated Note in accordance with Section 2.9,
record the transfer in the Register in accordance with Section 2.5(a) and the Registrar shall instruct DTC, concurrently with
such cancellation, to credit or cause to be credited to the securities account of the Person specified in such instructions a beneficial
interest in a Regulation S Global Note equal to the principal amount of the Certificated Note transferred.

(g) If Notes are issued upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of Notes bearing the applicable legends set
forth in Exhibit A hereto, and if a request is made to remove such applicable legend on such Notes, the Notes so issued shall bear
such applicable legend, or such applicable legend shall not be removed, as the case may be, unless there is delivered to the Collateral
Trustee and the Issuer such satisfactory evidence, which may include an Opinion of Counsel acceptable to them, as may be reasonably required
by the Issuer (and which shall by its terms permit reliance by the Collateral Trustee), to the effect that neither such applicable legend
nor the restrictions on transfer set forth therein are required to ensure that transfers thereof comply with the provisions of the Securities
Act, the Investment Company Act, ERISA or the Code. Upon provision of such satisfactory evidence, the Collateral Trustee or its Authenticating
Agent, at the written direction of the Issuer shall, after due execution by the Issuer authenticate and deliver Notes that do not bear
such applicable legend.

95

(h) Each Person who becomes a beneficial owner of an interest in a Global Note will be deemed to have represented
and agreed as follows:

(i) In connection with the purchase of such Notes: (A) none of the Issuer, the Portfolio Manager, the
Transferor, the Retention Holder, the Placement Agents, the Structuring Agents, the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent, the
Collateral Administrator or any of their respective Affiliates is acting as a fiduciary or financial or investment adviser for such
beneficial owner; (B) such beneficial owner is not relying (for purposes of making any investment decision or otherwise) upon
any advice, counsel or representations (whether written or oral) of the Issuer, the Portfolio Manager, the Transferor, the Retention
Holder, the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Placement Agents, the Structuring Agents or any of
their respective Affiliates other than any statements in the Offering Circular, and such beneficial owner has read and understands
the Offering Circular; (C) such beneficial owner has consulted with its own legal, regulatory, tax, business, investment,
financial and accounting advisors to the extent it has deemed necessary and has made its
own independent investment decisions (including decisions regarding the suitability of any transaction pursuant to this Indenture)
based upon its own judgment and upon any advice from such advisors as it has deemed necessary and not upon any view expressed by the
Issuer, the Portfolio Manager, the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Placement Agents, the
Structuring Agents or any of their respective Affiliates; (D) such beneficial owner is either (1) (in the case of a
Rule 144A Global Note) both (a) a "qualified institutional buyer" (as defined under Rule 144A under the
Securities Act) that is not a broker-dealer which owns and invests on a discretionary basis less than U.S.$25,000,000 in securities
of issuers that are not affiliated persons of the dealer and is not a plan referred to in paragraph (a)(1)(i)(D) or
(a)(1)(i)(E) of Rule 144A under the Securities Act or a trust fund referred to in paragraph (a)(1)(i)(F) of
Rule 144A under the Securities Act that holds the assets of such a plan, if investment decisions with respect to the plan are
made by beneficiaries of the plan and (b) a Qualified Purchaser for purposes of Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment
Company Act (or a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity (other than a trust), each shareholder,
partner, member or other equity owner of which is a Qualified Purchaser) or (2) (in the case of a beneficial owner of an
interest in a Regulation S Global Note) a Qualified Purchaser that is not a "U.S. person" and is acquiring the Notes in an
offshore transaction (as defined in Regulation S) in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Regulation S;
(E) such beneficial owner is acquiring its interest in such Notes for its own account; (F) such beneficial owner was not
formed for the purpose of investing in such Notes; (G) such beneficial owner understands that the Issuer or the Portfolio
Manager may receive a list of participants holding interests in the Notes from one or more book-entry depositories; (H) such
beneficial owner will hold and transfer at least the Minimum Denomination of such Notes; (I) such beneficial owner is a
sophisticated investor and is purchasing the Notes with a full understanding of all of the terms, conditions and risks thereof, and
is capable of and willing to assume those risks; (J) such beneficial owner will provide notice of the relevant transfer
restrictions to subsequent transferees; (K) it will not hold the Notes for the benefit of any other Person and will be the sole
beneficial owner thereof for all purposes; (L) in accordance with the Notes therefor in this Indenture, it will not sell
participation interests in such Notes or enter into any other arrangement pursuant to which any other Person will be entitled to a
beneficial interest in the distributions on such Notes; (M) all Notes purchased directly or indirectly by it will constitute an
investment of no more than 40% of its assets; and (N) such beneficial owner is not purchasing such Notes with a view to the
resale, distribution or other disposition thereof in violation of the Securities Act; provided that, none of the
representations set forth in clauses (A) through (C) above is made by the Portfolio Manager, any affiliate thereof, or any
account or fund managed by the Portfolio Manager or any of its affiliates.

96

(ii) Such beneficial owner's acquisition, holding and disposition of the Notes will not constitute or result in a prohibited transaction
under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (or in a violation of any Similar Laws or other applicable law) unless
an exemption is available and all conditions have been satisfied. If the purchaser or transferee of any Note or beneficial interest therein
is a Benefit Plan Investor, it will be required or deemed to represent, warrant and agree that (i) none of the Transaction Parties,
nor any of their affiliates, has provided any investment advice within the meaning of Section 3(21)(A)(ii) of ERISA, and regulations
thereunder, to the Benefit Plan Investor or to the Fiduciary (as defined below), in connection with its acquisition of Notes, and (ii) the
Fiduciary is exercising its own independent judgment in evaluating the transaction. Such beneficial owner understands that the representations
made in this clause will be deemed made on each day from the date of its acquisition of an interest in such Notes through and including
the date on which it disposes of such interest. If any such representation becomes untrue, or if there is a change in its status as a
Benefit Plan Investor, it will immediately notify the Collateral Trustee. It agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Issuer, the Collateral
Trustee, the Loan Agent, the Placement Agents, the Structuring Agents and the Portfolio Manager and their respective Affiliates from any
cost, damage, or loss incurred by them as a result of any such representation being untrue.

(iii) Such beneficial owner understands that such Notes are being offered only in a transaction not involving any public offering in the
United States within the meaning of the Securities Act, such Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act,
and, if in the future such beneficial owner decides to offer, resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Notes, such Notes may be offered,
resold, pledged or otherwise transferred only in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture and the legend on such Notes. Such beneficial
owner acknowledges that no representation has been made as to the availability of any exemption under the Securities Act or any state
or other securities laws for resale of such Notes. Such beneficial owner understands that neither the Issuer nor the pool of collateral
has been registered under the Investment Company Act, and acknowledges that the Issuer is exempt from registration as such by virtue of
Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act.

(iv) Such beneficial owner is aware that, except as otherwise provided in this Indenture, any Notes being sold to it in reliance on Regulation
S will be represented by one or more Temporary Global Notes or Regulation S Global Notes, as applicable, and that beneficial interests
therein may be held only through DTC for the respective accounts of Euroclear or Clearstream.

(v) Such beneficial owner will provide notice to each person to whom it proposes to transfer any interest in the Notes of the transfer
restrictions and representations set forth in this Section 2.5, including the Exhibits referenced herein.

97

(vi) It acknowledges and agrees that the failure to provide the Issuer and the Collateral Trustee (and any of their agents) with the properly
completed and signed tax certifications (generally, in the case of U.S. federal income tax, an IRS Form W-9 (or applicable successor
form) in the case of a U.S. Tax Person or the appropriate IRS Form W-8 (or applicable successor form) in the case of a Person that
is not a U.S. Tax Person) may result in withholding from payments in respect of the Note, including U.S. federal withholding or back-up
withholding.

(vii) Such beneficial owner agrees that it will not, prior to the date which is one year (or, if longer, the applicable preference period
then in effect) plus one day after the payment in full of all Notes, cause a Bankruptcy Filing against the Issuer. Such beneficial owner
further acknowledges and agrees that if it causes any such Bankruptcy Filing against the Issuer prior to the expiration of the period
specified in the previous sentence, (A) any claim that it has against the Issuer (including under all Notes of any Class held
by such Filing Holder(s)) or with respect to any Assets (including any proceeds thereof) will, notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in the Priority of Payments and notwithstanding any objection to, or rescission of, such filing, be fully subordinate in right of payment
to the claims of each Holder of any Note (and each other secured creditor of the Issuer) that is not a Filing Holder, with such subordination
being effective until each Note held by each Holder of any Note (and each claim of each other secured creditor of the Issuer) that is
not a Filing Holder is paid in full in accordance with the Priority of Payments (after giving effect to such subordination), (B) it
will promptly return or cause all amounts received by it following such Bankruptcy Filing to be returned to the Issuer and (C) it
will take all necessary action to give effect to this agreement. This agreement will constitute a "subordination agreement"
within the meaning of Section 510(a) of the Bankruptcy Code.

(viii) Such beneficial owner understands and agrees that the Notes are limited recourse obligations of the Issuer, payable solely from proceeds
of the Assets in accordance with the Priority of Payments and following realization of the Assets, and application of
the proceeds thereof in accordance with this Indenture, all obligations of and any claims against the Issuer hereunder or in connection
therewith after such realization shall be extinguished and shall not thereafter revive.

(ix) If it is not a U.S. Tax Person, it represents and agrees that it is not and will not become a member of an "expanded group"
(within the meaning of the regulations issued under Section 385 of the Code) that includes a domestic corporation (as determined
for U.S. federal income tax purposes) if either (i) the Issuer is an entity
disregarded as separate from such domestic corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes or (ii) the Issuer is a
"controlled partnership" (within the meaning of the regulations) with respect to such expanded group or an entity
disregarded as separate from such controlled partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

98

(x) It will treat the Notes as indebtedness for U.S. federal, state and local income and franchise tax purposes, except as otherwise required
by law.

(xi) It acknowledges and agrees that (A) the Collateral Trustee will provide to the Issuer and the Portfolio Manager upon reasonable
request all information reasonably available to the Collateral Trustee in connection with regulatory matters, including any information
that is necessary or advisable in order for the Issuer or the Portfolio Manager (or its parent or Affiliates) to comply with regulatory
requirements, (B) with respect to each Certifying Person, unless such Certifying Person instructs the Collateral Trustee otherwise,
the Collateral Trustee will upon request of the Issuer or the Portfolio Manager share with the Issuer and the Portfolio Manager the identity
of such Certifying Person, as identified to the Collateral Trustee by written certification from such Certifying Person, (C) the
Collateral Trustee will obtain and provide to the Issuer and the Portfolio Manager upon request a list of participants in DTC, Euroclear
or Clearstream holding positions in the Notes, (D) upon written request, the registrar shall provide to the Issuer, the Portfolio
Manager, the Placement Agents, the Structuring Agents or any Holder a current list of Holders as reflected in the Register, and by accepting
such information, each Holder will be deemed to have agreed that such information will be used for no purpose other than the exercise
of its rights under this Indenture and (E) the Collateral Trustee will have no liability for any such disclosure under (A) through
(D) or, subject to the duties and responsibilities of the Collateral Trustee set forth in this Indenture, the accuracy thereof.

(xii) It agrees to provide to the Issuer and the Portfolio Manager all information reasonably available to it that is reasonably requested
by the Issuer or the Portfolio Manager in connection with regulatory matters, including any information that is necessary or advisable
in order for the Issuer or the Portfolio Manager (or its Affiliates) to comply with regulatory requirements applicable to the Issuer or
the Portfolio Manager from time to time.

(xiii) It agrees to provide the Issuer and any relevant intermediary with any information or documentation that is required under FATCA or
that the Issuer or relevant intermediary deems appropriate to enable the Issuer or relevant intermediary to determine their duties and
liabilities with respect to any taxes they may be required to withhold pursuant to FATCA in respect of such Note or the holder of such
Note or beneficial interest therein. In addition, each purchaser and subsequent transferee of such Notes (or any interest therein) will
be deemed to understand and acknowledge that the Issuer has the right under this Indenture to withhold on any holder or any beneficial
owner of an interest in a Note that fails to comply with FATCA.

99

(xiv) If it is not a U.S. Tax Person, it represents that either (a) it is not (i) a bank (or an entity affiliated with a bank)
extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business (within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of
the Code), (ii) a "10-percent shareholder" with respect to the issuer of the Debt (as determined for U.S. federal income
tax purposes) within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3) or Section 881(c)(3)(D) of the Code, and (iii) a "controlled
foreign corporation" that is related to the issuer of the Debt (as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes) within the meaning
of Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code; (b) it is eligible for benefits under an income tax treaty with the United States
that eliminates U.S. federal income taxation of U.S. source interest not attributable to a permanent establishment in the United States;
or (c) it has provided an IRS Form W-8ECI representing that all payments received or to be received by it on the Notes are effectively
connected with the conduct of a trade or business within the United States.

(xv) Such beneficial owner acknowledges and agrees that the Issuer has the right to compel (A) any Non-Permitted Holder or Non-Permitted
ERISA Holder to sell its interest in the Notes or may sell such interest in the Notes on behalf of such Non-Permitted Holder or Non-Permitted
ERISA Holder and (B) in the case of Re-Pricing Eligible Debt, any Non-Consenting Holder to sell its interest in such Notes, to sell
such interest on behalf of such Non- Consenting Holder or to redeem such Notes.

(xvi) Such beneficial owner covenants that it will not transfer all or any part of the Notes (or purport to do so) if such transfer will
cause (A) the Issuer to be in violation of the United States Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, and the
United States Money Laundering Control Act of 1986 (i.e., 18 U.S.C. 1956 and 1957), as amended,
or any similar U.S. federal or state or non-U.S. laws or regulations (collectively "Anti-Money Laundering Laws"); or
(B) the Notes to be held by an entity that a U.S. person is prohibited from dealing with under the laws, regulations, and Executive
Orders administered by OFAC.

(xvii) Such beneficial owner represents and warrants that no officer, director, employee or agent of the beneficial owner has, in connection
with its acquisition of the Notes, been offered or received any payment of money or any other thing of value, from the Issuer or any other
person or entity, on behalf of the Issuer, for the purpose of influencing or inducing any act or decision related to such investment,
or providing any improper advantage in connection with such investment, in violation of applicable anti-bribery laws and regulations,
including but not limited to, the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

(xviii) Such beneficial owner does not know or have any reason to suspect that (i) the monies used or to be used to acquire the Notes
are, were or will be derived from or related to any illegal activities, including but not limited to, any activities that may contravene U.S.
federal or state or non-U.S. laws and regulations, including Anti-Money Laundering Laws, or (ii) the proceeds from the beneficial
owner's acquisition of the Notes will be used to finance any activities that may contravene U.S. federal or state or non-U.S. laws and
regulations, including Anti-Money Laundering Laws.

100

(xix) If such beneficial owner is a fund-of-funds or other entity investing on behalf of third parties, such beneficial owner represents
and warrants that (A) such beneficial owner is in
compliance in all material respects with all applicable Anti-Money Laundering Laws and, if applicable, with regulations administered by
OFAC, (B) such beneficial owner has anti- money laundering policies and procedures in place reasonably designed to verify the identity
of its beneficial owners and/or underlying investors and their sources of funds and to confirm that no beneficial owner and/or underlying
investor is a party with whom a U.S. person is prohibited from dealing under regulations administered by OFAC and (C) to the best
of its knowledge, such beneficial owner and its beneficial owners and/or underlying investors will not subject the Issuer to criminal
or civil violations of Anti-Money Laundering Laws or of regulations administered by OFAC.

(xx) It will indemnify the Issuer, the Collateral Trustee and their respective agents from any and all damages, cost and expenses (including
any amount of taxes, fees, interest, additions to tax, or penalties) resulting from the failure by it to comply with its obligations under
the Notes. The indemnification will continue with respect to any period during which such Holder held a Note, notwithstanding it ceasing
to be a Holder of the Notes.

(xxi) It understands that the foregoing representations and agreements will be relied upon by the Transaction Parties and their respective
counsel, and by its purchase of the Notes it consents to such reliance.

(i) Each Person who becomes a Holder of a Certificated Note shall be required to make the representations and agreements set forth in
the applicable Transfer Certificate or, in the case of a purchase on the Closing Date, an investor representation letter.

(j) Any purported transfer of a Note not in accordance with this Section 2.5 shall be null and void and shall not be given effect
for any purpose whatsoever.

(k) The Registrar, the Collateral Trustee and the Issuer shall be entitled to conclusively rely on any transferor and transferee certificate
delivered pursuant to this Section 2.5 (or any certificate of ownership
delivered pursuant to Section 2.10) and shall be able to presume conclusively the continuing accuracy thereof, in each case without
further inquiry or investigation.

(l) Neither the Collateral Trustee nor the Registrar shall be liable for any delay in the delivery of directions from DTC and may conclusively
rely on, and shall be fully protected in relying on, such direction as to the names of the beneficial owners in whose names such Certificated Notes shall be registered
or as to delivery instructions for such Certificated Notes.

101

(m) Each purchaser, beneficial owner and subsequent transferee of Notes, or interest therein, by acceptance of such Notes or such an interest
in such Notes, agrees or is deemed to agree that (A) the Transaction Documents contain limitations on the rights of the holders to
institute legal or other proceedings against the Issuer, the Issuer, the Placement Agents, the Structuring Agents, the Collateral Administrator,
the Loan Agent, the Collateral Trustee and the Portfolio Manager, (B) it will comply with the express terms of the applicable Transaction
Documents if it seeks to institute any such proceeding and (C) the Transaction Documents do not impose any duty or obligation on the Issuer or its officers,
shareholders, members or managers to institute on behalf of any holder, or join any holder or any other Person in instituting, any such
proceeding.

(n) Each purchaser or subsequent transferee of Certificated Notes after the Closing Date (including by way of a transfer of an interest
in a Global Note) will be required to provide, and no such purchase or transfer will be recorded or otherwise recognized unless such purchaser
has provided, the Issuer and the Collateral Trustee with a Transfer Certificate in the form required hereunder.

(o) If the purchaser or transferee of any Notes or beneficial interest therein is a Benefit Plan Investor, it will be deemed to represent,
warrant and agree that (i) none of the Transaction Parties or any of their respective affiliates, has provided any investment advice
within the meaning of Section 3(21)(A)(ii) of ERISA to the Benefit Plan Investor, or to any fiduciary or other person investing
the assets of the Benefit Plan Investor ("Fiduciary"), in connection with its acquisition of Notes, and (ii) the
Fiduciary is exercising its own independent judgment in evaluating the investment in the Notes.

(p) To the extent required by the Issuer, as determined by the Issuer or the Portfolio Manager on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer may,
upon written notice to the Collateral Trustee, impose additional transfer restrictions on the Notes to comply with the Anti-Money Laundering
Laws, including, without limitation, requiring each transferee of a Note to make representations to the Issuer in connection with such
compliance.

Section 2.6. Mutilated,
Defaced, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Note

If (a) any
mutilated or defaced Note is surrendered to a Transfer Agent, or if there shall be delivered to the Issuer, the Collateral Trustee
and the relevant Transfer Agent evidence to their reasonable satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of any Note, and
(b) there is delivered to the Issuer, the Collateral Trustee and such Transfer Agent, and any agent of the Issuer, the
Collateral Trustee and/or such Transfer Agent, such security or indemnity as may be required by them to save each of them harmless,
then, in the absence of notice to the Issuer, the Collateral Trustee or such Transfer Agent that such Note has been acquired by a
Protected Purchaser, the Issuer shall execute and, upon Issuer Order (which Issuer Order shall be deemed to be provided upon
delivery of such executed Notes ), the Collateral Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to the Holder, in lieu of any such
mutilated, defaced, destroyed, lost or stolen Note, a new Note, of like tenor (including the same date of issuance) and equal
principal or face amount, registered in the same manner, dated the date of its authentication, bearing interest from the date to
which interest has been paid on the mutilated, defaced, destroyed, lost or stolen Note and bearing a number not contemporaneously
outstanding.

102

If, after delivery of such new Note,
a Protected Purchaser of the predecessor Note presents for payment, transfer or exchange such predecessor Note, the Issuer, the Transfer
Agent and the Collateral Trustee shall be entitled to recover such new Note from the Person to whom it was delivered or any Person taking
therefrom, and shall be entitled to recover upon the security or indemnity provided therefor to the extent of any loss, damage, cost or
expense incurred by the Issuer, the Collateral Trustee and the Transfer Agent in connection therewith.

In case any such mutilated, defaced,
destroyed, lost or stolen Note has become due and payable, the Issuer in its discretion may, instead of issuing a new Note pay such Note
without requiring surrender thereof except that any mutilated or defaced Note shall be surrendered.

Upon the issuance of any new Note under
this Section 2.6, the Issuer, the Collateral Trustee or the applicable Transfer Agent may require the payment by the Holder thereof
of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation thereto and any other expenses (including
the fees and expenses of the Collateral Trustee) connected therewith.

Every new Note issued pursuant to this
Section 2.6 in lieu of any mutilated, defaced, destroyed, lost or stolen Note shall constitute an original additional contractual
obligation of the Issuer and such new Note shall be entitled, subject to the second paragraph of this Section 2.6, to all the benefits
of this Indenture equally and proportionately with any and all other Notes of the same Class duly issued hereunder.

The provisions of this Section 2.6
are exclusive and shall preclude (to the extent lawful) all other rights and remedies with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated,
defaced, destroyed, lost or stolen Notes.

Section 2.7. Payment
of Principal and Interest and Other Amounts; Principal and Interest Rights Preserved

(a) Payments of interest on the Debt.

(i) Debt of each Class shall accrue interest during each Interest Accrual Period at the applicable Interest Rate and such interest
will be payable in arrears on each Payment Date on the Aggregate Outstanding Amount thereof on the first day of the related Interest Accrual
Period (after giving effect to payments of principal thereof on such date), except as otherwise set forth below. Payment of interest on
each Class of Debt (and payments of available Interest Proceeds to the Issuer) will be subordinated to the payment of interest on
each related Priority Class. Any payment of interest due on a Class of Deferred Interest Debt on any Payment Date to the extent sufficient
funds are not available to make such payment in accordance with the Priority of Payments on such Payment
Date, but only if one or more Priority Classes are Outstanding with respect to such Class of Deferred Interest Debt, shall constitute
"Deferred Interest" with respect to such Class and shall not be considered "due and payable" for the purposes
of Section 5.1(a) (and the failure to pay such interest shall not be an Event of Default) until the earliest of (i) the
Payment Date on which funds are available to pay such Deferred Interest in accordance with the Priority of Payments, (ii) the Redemption
Date with respect to such Class of Deferred Interest Debt and (iii) the Stated Maturity (or
the earlier date of Maturity) of such Class of Deferred Interest Debt. Deferred Interest shall be payable on the first Payment Date
on which funds are available to be used for such purpose in accordance with the Priority of Payments, but in any event no later than the
earlier of the Business Day (A) which is the Redemption Date with respect to such Class of Deferred Interest Debt and (B) which
is the Stated Maturity (or the earlier date of Maturity) of such Class of Deferred Interest Debt. Regardless of whether any Priority
Class is Outstanding with respect to any Class of Deferred Interest Debt, to the extent that funds are not available on any
Payment Date to pay previously accrued Deferred Interest, such previously accrued Deferred Interest will not be due and payable on such
Payment Date and any failure to pay such previously accrued Deferred Interest on such Payment Date will not be an Event of Default. Interest
will cease to accrue on each Note, the Class A Loans, or in the case of a partial repayment, on such repaid part, from the date of
repayment or the respective Stated Maturity. To the extent lawful and enforceable, interest on any interest that is not paid when due
on any Class A-1 Debt or Class A-2 Debt or, if no Class A-1 Debt or Class A-2 Debt is Outstanding, any Class B
Notes or, if no Class B Notes are Outstanding, any Class C Notes shall accrue at the Interest Rate for such Class until
paid as provided herein.

103

(b) The principal of each Note of each Class matures at par and is due and payable on the date of the Stated Maturity for such Class,
unless such principal has been previously repaid or unless the unpaid principal of such Note becomes due and payable at an earlier date
by declaration of acceleration, call for redemption or otherwise. Payments of principal on any Class of Debt which are not paid,
in accordance with the Priority of Payments, on any Quarterly Payment Date (other than the Quarterly Payment Date which is the Stated
Maturity (or the earlier date of Maturity) of such Class of Debt or any Redemption Date), because of insufficient funds therefor
shall not be considered "due and payable" for purposes of Section 5.1(a) until the Quarterly Payment Date on which
such principal may be paid in accordance with the Priority of Payments or all Priority Classes with respect to such Class have been
paid in full.

(c) Principal payments on the Debt will be made in accordance with the Priority of Payments and Section 9.5.

104

(d) The Paying Agent shall require the previous delivery of properly completed and signed applicable tax certifications (generally, in
the case of U.S. federal income tax, an IRS Form W-9 (or applicable
successor form) (together, with all appropriate attachments) in the case of a U.S. Tax Person or the applicable IRS Form W-8 (or
applicable successor form) in the case of a Person that is not a U.S. Tax Person), or any other certification acceptable to it to enable
the Issuer, the Collateral Trustee and any Paying Agent (including, in each case, as any such other party may instruct) to determine their
duties and liabilities with respect to any taxes or other charges that they may be required to pay, deduct or withhold from payments in
respect of such Note or the Holder or beneficial owner of such Note under any present or future law or regulation of the United States,
any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision thereof or taxing authority therein or pursuant to the Issuer's agreement with any
governmental authority or to comply with any reporting or other requirements under any such law or regulation (including any cost basis
reporting obligations) and the delivery of any information required under FATCA. The Issuer shall not be obligated to pay any additional
amounts to the Holders or beneficial owners of the Notes as a result of deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or future
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges with respect to the Notes. Nothing herein shall be construed to impose upon the Paying
Agent a duty to determine the duties, liabilities or responsibilities of any other party described herein under any applicable law or
regulation.

(e) Payments in respect of interest on and principal of any Note and any payment with respect to any Interest will be made by the Collateral
Trustee or by a Paying Agent, in Dollars to DTC or its nominee with respect to a Global Note, and to the Holder or its nominee with respect
to a Certificated Note, by wire transfer, as directed by the Holder, in immediately available funds to a Dollar account maintained by
DTC or its nominee with respect to a Global Note, and to the Holder or its nominee with respect to a Certificated Note; provided that,
(1) in the case of a Certificated Note, the Holder thereof shall have provided written wiring instructions to the Collateral
Trustee or the applicable Paying Agent on or before the related Record Date and (2) if
appropriate instructions for any such wire transfer are not received by the related Record Date, then such payment shall be made by
check drawn on a U.S. bank mailed to the address of the Holder specified in the Register. Upon final payment due on the Stated
Maturity of a Certificated Note, the Holder thereof shall present and surrender such Note at the Corporate Trust Office of the
Collateral Trustee upon final payment; provided that, in the absence of notice to the Issuer or the Collateral Trustee
that the applicable Note has been acquired by a Protected Purchaser, such final payment shall be made without presentation or
surrender, if the Collateral Trustee and the Issuer shall have been furnished such security or indemnity as may be required by them
to save them harmless and an undertaking thereafter to surrender such certificate. None of the Issuer, the Collateral Trustee, the
Loan Agent, the Portfolio Manager or any Paying Agent will have any responsibility or liability for any aspects of the records
maintained by DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream or any of the Agent Members relating to or for payments made thereby on account of
beneficial interests in a Global Note. In the case where any final payment of principal and interest is to be made on any Note
(other than on the Stated Maturity thereof), the Collateral Trustee, in the name and at the expense of the Issuer shall, not more
than 30 nor less than three days prior to the date on which such payment is to be made, provide to the applicable Holders a notice
which shall specify the date on which such payment will be made and the place where Certificated Notes may be presented and
surrendered for such payment. All payments on the Class A Loans shall be made by the Collateral Trustee or the applicable
Paying Agent to the Loan Agent for disbursement in accordance with the Class A Credit Agreements.

105

(f) Payments of principal to Holders of each Class on each Payment Date shall be made ratably among the Holders of such Class in
the proportion that the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Debt of such Class registered in the name of each such Holder on the
applicable Record Date bears to the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Debt of such Class on such Record Date.

(g) Interest accrued with respect to the Floating Rate Debt shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed in the
applicable Interest Accrual Period divided by 360. Interest accrued with respect to the Fixed Rate Debt shall be computed on the basis
of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months; provided that, if a redemption occurs on a Business Day that would not otherwise
be a Payment Date, interest on such Fixed Rate Debt shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed in the applicable
Interest Accrual Period divided by 360.

(h) All reductions in the principal amount of a Note (or one or more predecessor Notes) effected by payments of installments of principal
made on any Payment Date or Redemption Date shall be binding upon all future Holders of such Note and of any Note issued upon the registration
of transfer thereof or in exchange therefor or in lieu thereof, whether or not such payment is noted on such Note.

(i) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture and the Class A Credit Agreements, the obligations of the Issuer under
the Notes and this Indenture are limited recourse obligations of the Issuer, payable solely from proceeds of the Assets at such time and
following realization of the Assets, and application of the proceeds thereof in accordance with this Indenture and the Class A Credit
Agreements, all obligations of and any remaining claims against the Issuer hereunder or in connection herewith after such realization
shall be extinguished and shall not thereafter revive. No recourse shall be had against any Officer, director, employee, shareholder,
manager, member or incorporator of the Issuer, the Portfolio Manager, the Collateral Trustee or their respective Affiliates, successors
or assigns for any amounts payable under the Debt or this Indenture. It is understood that, except as expressly provided in this Indenture,
the foregoing provisions of this paragraph (i) shall not (A) prevent recourse to the Assets for the sums due or to become due
under any security, instrument or agreement which is part of the Assets or (B) constitute a waiver, release or discharge of any indebtedness
or obligation evidenced by the Debt or secured by this Indenture until such Assets have been realized. It is further understood that the
foregoing provisions of this paragraph (i) shall not limit the right of any Person to name the Issuer as a party defendant in any
Proceeding or in the exercise of any other remedy under the Debt or this
Indenture, so long as no judgment in the nature of a deficiency judgment or seeking personal liability shall be asked for or (if obtained)
enforced against any such Person or entity.

106

(j) Subject to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.7, each Note delivered under this Indenture and upon registration of transfer
of or in exchange for or in lieu of any other Note shall carry the rights to unpaid interest and principal (or other applicable amount)
that were carried by such other Note.

Section 2.8. Persons
Deemed Owners

The Issuer, the Collateral Trustee
and any agent of the Issuer or the Collateral Trustee shall treat as the owner of each Note the Person in whose name such Note is registered
on the Register on the applicable Record Date for the purpose of receiving payments on such Note and on any other date for all other purposes
whatsoever (whether or not such Note is overdue), and none of the Issuer, the Collateral Trustee or any agent of the Issuer or the Collateral
Trustee shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

Section 2.9. Cancellation

All Notes acquired by
the Issuer, surrendered for payment, registration of transfer, exchange or redemption, or mutilated, defaced or deemed lost or
stolen shall be promptly cancelled by the Collateral Trustee and may not be reissued or resold. No Note may be surrendered
(including in connection with any abandonment, donation, gift, contribution or other event or circumstance) except (a) for
payment as provided herein, (b) for registration of transfer, exchange or redemption, (c) purchase in accordance with
Section 2.14 or (d) for replacement in connection with any Note that is mutilated, defaced or deemed lost or stolen. The
Issuer may not acquire any of the Notes except as described under Section 2.14. The preceding sentence shall not limit an
Optional Redemption, Special Redemption, Clean-Up Call Redemption or any other redemption effected pursuant to the terms of this
Indenture.

Section 2.10. DTC
Ceases to be Depository

(a) A Global Note deposited with DTC pursuant to Section 2.2 shall be transferred in the form of a corresponding Certificated Note
to the beneficial owners thereof (as instructed by DTC) only if (A) such transfer complies with Section 2.5 and (B) either (x) a Depository
Event has occurred or (y) an Event of Default or Enforcement Event has occurred and is continuing and such transfer is requested
by the Holder of such Global Note.

(b) Any Global Note that is transferable in the form of a corresponding Certificated Note to the
beneficial owner thereof pursuant to this Section 2.10 shall be surrendered by DTC to the Collateral Trustee's office located
in the Borough of Manhattan, the City of New York to be so transferred, in whole or from time to time in part, without charge, and
the Issuer shall execute and the Collateral Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, upon such transfer of each portion of such
Global Note, an equal aggregate principal amount of Certificated Notes (pursuant to the instructions of DTC) in Minimum
Denominations. Any Certificated Note delivered in exchange for an interest in a Global
Note shall be in registered form and, except as otherwise provided by Section 2.5, bear the legends set forth in Exhibit A and
shall be subject to the transfer restrictions referred to in such legends.

107

(c) Subject to the provisions of paragraph (b) of this Section 2.10, the Holder of a Global Note may grant proxies and otherwise
authorize any Person, including Agent Members and Persons that may hold interests through Agent Members, to take any action which such
Holder is entitled to take under this Indenture or the Notes.

(d) In the event of the occurrence of either of the events specified in subsection (a) of this Section 2.10, the Issuer will
promptly make available to the Collateral Trustee a reasonable supply of Certificated Notes.

In the event that Certificated Notes
are not so issued by the Issuer to such beneficial owners of interests in Global Notes as required by subsection (a) of this Section 2.10,
the Issuer expressly acknowledges that the beneficial owners shall be entitled to pursue any remedy that the Holders of a Global Note
would be entitled to pursue in accordance with Article V (but only to the extent of such beneficial owner's interest in the Global
Note) as if corresponding Certificated Notes had been issued; provided that, the Collateral Trustee shall be entitled to
receive and rely upon any certificate of ownership provided by such beneficial owners (including a certificate in the form of Exhibit D)
and/or other forms of reasonable evidence of such ownership as it may require.

Section 2.11. Notes
Beneficially Owned by Persons Not QIB/QPs or IAI/QPs or in Violation of ERISA Representations or Holder Reporting Obligations

(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary elsewhere in this Indenture, any transfer of a beneficial interest in any (i) Rule 144A
Global Note to a U.S. person that is not a QIB/QP, (ii) Certificated Note to a U.S. person that is not an IAI/QP, a QIB/QP or a non-U.S.
person that is not a Qualified Purchaser, (iii) Regulation S Global Note to a (x) U.S. person or (y) non-U.S. person that
is not a Qualified Purchaser or (iv) Note to a Non-Permitted ERISA Holder and, in each case, that is not made pursuant to an applicable
exemption under the Securities Act and the Investment Company Act shall be null and void and any such purported transfer of which the
Issuer or the Collateral Trustee shall have notice may be disregarded by the Issuer and the Collateral Trustee for all purposes.

108

(b) If
any Person shall become the Holder or beneficial owner of a Note (i) in the case of
a Rule 144A Global Note, that is not a QIB/QP, (ii) in the case of Certificated
Notes only, that is not a QIB/QP or an IAI/QP, or that is not both a non-U.S. person and
a Qualified Purchaser, (iii) in the case of a Regulation S Global Note, that is (A)
a U.S. person or (B) a non-U.S. person that is a not a Qualified Purchaser, (iv) whose
ownership of such Note would prevent the Issuer from having an exemption available under
the Securities Act or would cause the Issuer to lose the benefit of an exemption from registration
as an "investment company" under the Investment Company Act or (v) any Non-Permitted
ERISA Holder (any such Person, a "Non-Permitted
Holder"), the Issuer shall, promptly after discovery that such Person is
a Non-Permitted Holder by the Issuer or the Collateral Trustee (or upon notice to the Issuer
from the Collateral Trustee if a Bank Officer of the Collateral Trustee obtains actual knowledge
or if it makes the discovery (who agrees to notify the Issuer, with a copy to the Portfolio
Manager, of such discovery, if any)), send notice to such Non-Permitted Holder, with a copy
to the Portfolio Manager, demanding that such Non-Permitted Holder transfer its Notes or
interest therein to a Person that is not a Non-Permitted Holder within 30 days (or, in the
case of a Non-Permitted ERISA Holder, seven days) after the date of such notice. If such
Non-Permitted Holder fails to so transfer its Notes or interest therein, the Issuer or the
Portfolio Manager acting on behalf of the Issuer shall have the right, without further notice
to the Non- Permitted Holder, to sell such Notes or interest therein to a purchaser selected
by the Issuer that is not a Non-Permitted Holder on such terms as the Issuer may choose.
The Issuer, or the Portfolio Manager (on its own or acting through an investment bank or
other financial intermediary selected by the Portfolio Manager at the Issuer's expense),
acting on behalf of the Issuer, may select the purchaser by soliciting one or more bids from
one or more brokers or other market professionals that regularly deal in securities similar
to the Notes, and selling such Notes to the highest such bidder; provided that the
Portfolio Manager, its Affiliates and Other Accounts shall be entitled to bid in any such
sale. However, the Issuer (or the Portfolio Manager on behalf of the Issuer) may select a
purchaser by any other means determined by it in its sole discretion. The Holder of each
Note, the Non- Permitted Holder and each other Person in the chain of title from the Holder
to the Non-Permitted Holder, by its acceptance of an interest in the Notes agrees to cooperate
with the Issuer, the Portfolio Manager and the Collateral Trustee to effect such transfers.
The proceeds of such sale, net of any commissions, expenses and taxes due in connection with
such sale shall be remitted to the Non-Permitted Holder. The terms and conditions of any
sale under this sub-section shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Issuer, and
none of the Issuer, the Collateral Trustee or the Portfolio Manager shall be liable to any
Person having an interest in the Notes sold as a result of any such sale or the exercise
of such discretion.

Section 2.12. Deduction
or Withholding from Payments on Notes; No Gross Up.

If the Issuer is required to deduct
or withhold tax from, or with respect to, payments to any Holder of the Notes for any Tax, then the Collateral Trustee or other Paying
Agent, as applicable, shall deduct, or withhold, the amount required to be deducted or withheld and remit to the relevant taxing authority
such amount. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent, the Paying Agent or the Issuer
may withhold any amount that it determines is required to be withheld from any amounts otherwise distributable to any Holder of a Note.
The Issuer shall not be obligated to pay any additional amounts to the Holders or beneficial owners of the Notes as a result of any withholding
or deduction for, or on account of, any Tax imposed on payments in respect of the Notes. The amount of any withholding tax or deduction
with respect to any Holder shall be treated as cash distributed to such Holder at the time it is withheld or deducted by the Collateral
Trustee or Paying Agent and remitted to the appropriate taxing authority.

109

Section 2.13. Additional Issuance

(a) At any time during the Reinvestment Period or, solely in the case of a Risk Retention Issuance, during and after the Reinvestment
Period, the Issuer may issue and sell additional notes of any one or more new classes of notes that are fully subordinated to the existing
Notes (or to the most junior class of notes of the Issuer issued pursuant to this Indenture, if any class of Notes issued pursuant to
this Indenture other than the Notes is then Outstanding (such additional notes, "Junior Mezzanine Notes")) and/or additional
notes of any one or more existing Classes and use the net proceeds to purchase additional Collateral Obligations or as otherwise permitted
under this Indenture, subject to satisfaction by the Issuer of the conditions set forth in Section 3.2 and provided that, the following
conditions are met:

(i) the Portfolio Manager, the Retention Holder and a Supermajority of the Interests each consent in writing prior to such issuance; provided
that, only the consent of the Portfolio Manager and the Retention Holder shall be required if additional notes are being issued
in order to comply with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules;

(ii) solely in the case of an additional issuance of any Class A-1 Notes (other than any such additional issuance that is a Risk Retention
Issuance or that is being made contemporaneously with a Refinancing or an Optional Redemption of the Class A-1 Notes), a Majority
of the Class A-1 Notes, consents to such issuance;

(iii) in the case of additional notes of any one or more existing Classes (other than a Risk Retention Issuance), the aggregate principal
amount of Notes of such Class issued in all additional issuances may not exceed 100% of the respective original aggregate principal
amount of the Notes of such Class, except that a larger proportion of Junior Mezzanine Notes may be issued;

(iv) in the case of additional notes of any one or more existing Classes, the terms of the notes issued must be identical to the respective
terms of previously issued Notes of the applicable Class (except that the interest due on additional notes will accrue from the issue
date of such additional notes) and, the interest rate and price of such notes do not have to be identical to those of the initial Notes
of that Class but, in the case of the Notes, the interest rate spread over the Reference Rate may not exceed the interest rate spread
over the Reference Rate applicable to the initial Notes of that Class;

(v) in the case of additional notes of an existing Class of Notes, such additional notes must be issued at a Cash sales price equal
to or greater than the principal amount thereof;

(vi) in the case of additional notes of any one or more existing Classes, unless only Junior Mezzanine Notes are being issued or in the
case of a Risk Retention Issuance, additional notes of all Classes must
be issued and such issuance of additional notes must be proportional across all Classes;

110

(vii) the Issuer notifies the Rating Agency of such issuance prior to the issuance date;

(viii) the proceeds of any additional notes (net of fees and expenses incurred in connection with such issuance) shall be treated as Principal
Proceeds and used to purchase additional Collateral Obligations, to invest in Eligible Investments or be applied pursuant to the Priority
of Payments or, solely with the proceeds of an issuance of Junior Mezzanine Notes, applied as otherwise permitted under this Indenture
(including any Permitted Use);

(ix) unless only Junior Mezzanine Notes are being issued or in the case of a Risk Retention Issuance, the degree of compliance with respect
to each Coverage Test is maintained or improved immediately after giving effect to such issuance and the application of the proceeds thereof;

(x) Tax Advice shall be delivered to the Issuer to the effect that (A) such additional issuance shall not result in the Issuer becoming
subject to U.S. federal income taxation with respect to its net income or to any withholding tax liability under Section 1446 of
the Code and (B) any additional Class A-1 Notes, Class A-2 Notes, Class B Notes or Class C Notes will be treated
as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes; provided, however, that the Tax Advice described in clause (x)(B) will not be
required with respect to any additional Notes that bear a different CUSIP number (or equivalent identifier) from the Notes of the same
Class that are Outstanding at the time of the additional issuance;

(xi) the Issuer shall comply with the requirements of Section 2.5, 7.9 and 8.1, as applicable;

111

(xii) in the case of any issuance of Junior Mezzanine Notes, either (A) Tax Advice is delivered to the Collateral Trustee to the effect
that such Junior Mezzanine Notes will be treated as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes, or (B) (1) unless otherwise specified
in a signed investor representation letter in connection with the date such Junior Mezzanine Notes are issued, each purchaser or transferee
of any such note or any beneficial interest therein shall be deemed to represent that it is not a Benefit Plan Investor or a Controlling
Person, that for so long as it holds such notes, it will not be a Benefit Plan Investor or a Controlling Person and, if it is subject
to Similar Law, its acquisition and holding of such notes will not cause the Issuer to be subject to any Similar Law, (2) any such
Junior Mezzanine Notes sold to Persons that have represented (or are deemed to have represented) that they are Benefit Plan Investors
or Controlling Persons shall be issued in the form of Certificated Notes and (3) no transfer of an interest in any such Junior Mezzanine
Note to a proposed transferee that has represented that it is a Benefit
Plan Investor or Controlling Person will be effective, and the Collateral Trustee, the Registrar and the Issuer will not recognize any
such transfer, if to their knowledge, based on representations made or deemed to have been made by holders of such Junior Mezzanine Notes,
such transfer would result in Benefit Plan Investors owning 25% or more of the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of such class of Junior Mezzanine
Notes as determined in accordance with the Plan Asset Regulation and the Indenture; provided that, for purposes of the foregoing
calculation, (x) the investment by a Benefit Plan Investor shall be treated as plan assets for purposes of calculating the 25% threshold
under the significant participation test in accordance with the Plan Asset Regulation only the extent of the percentage of the equity
interests in such entity held by Benefit Plan Investors and (y) any such Junior Mezzanine Note held by any Controlling Person shall
be excluded and treated as not Outstanding; provided, further, that, for the avoidance of doubt, if clause (xii)(A) above
is not satisfied with respect to any Junior Mezzanine Notes issued after the Closing Date, the Registrar shall not recognize any acquisition
or transfer of Junior Mezzanine Notes if it knows, based on representations made or deemed to have been made by the owners of such notes
or any interest therein that such transfer would result in 25% or more (or such lesser percentage determined by the Portfolio Manager
and notified to the Collateral Trustee) of the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of the class of Junior Mezzanine Notes to be transferred being
held by Benefit Plan Investors, as calculated pursuant to the Plan Asset Regulation and this Indenture, and (x) an Officer's certificate
of the Issuer shall be delivered to the Collateral Trustee stating that the applicable conditions of this Section 2.13(a) have
been satisfied;

(xiii) immediately after giving effect to such additional issuance, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; and

(xiv) the Collateral Trustee has received an Officer's certificate from the Issuer (or the Portfolio Manager on behalf of the Issuer) certifying
that the conditions to such additional issuance are satisfied.

(b) Any such additional issuance will be effected in a manner that will allow the Issuer to accurately provide the information described
in Treasury Regulations section 1.1275-3(b)(1)(i).

(c) Such additional notes of an existing Class may be offered at prices that differ from the applicable initial offering price.

(d) Any additional notes of an existing Class issued as described above will, to the extent reasonably practicable (and other than
in the case of a Risk Retention Issuance), be offered first to Holders of such Class in such amounts as are necessary to preserve
their pro rata holdings of Notes of such Class. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Portfolio Manager and its Affiliates shall be
afforded priority to purchase additional notes to the extent
required, as determined by the Portfolio Manager in its sole discretion, to comply with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules.

112

(e) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer may, with the written consent of the Portfolio Manager and the Issuer, at any time issue
Junior Mezzanine Notes to any Person for any reason and the proceeds of such issuance shall be treated as Principal Proceeds or Interest
Proceeds, as designated by the Portfolio Manager in its sole discretion.

Section 2.14. Issuer Purchases of Notes

(a) The Portfolio Manager, on behalf of the Issuer, may, during the Reinvestment Period only:

(i) use Principal Proceeds (other
than any such Principal Proceeds described in clause (a)(ii) below) to purchase the Notes (or beneficial interests therein), in whole
or in part, pursuant to a Note Purchase Offer (as defined below) and in accordance with, and subject to, the terms described in this Section 2.14;
and

(ii) use proceeds from Contributions
accepted and received into the Contribution Account (at the direction of the related Contributor or, if no such direction, in the reasonable
discretion of the Portfolio Manager) to purchase the Notes (or beneficial interests therein), in whole or in part, through a tender offer,
in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions (in each case, subject to applicable law), and in accordance with, and subject
to, clauses (c), (d) and (e) below.

The Collateral Trustee shall cancel
as described under Section 2.9 any such purchased Notes surrendered to it for cancellation, or, in the case of any Global Notes,
the Collateral Trustee shall decrease the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of such Global Notes in its records by the full par amount of the
purchased Notes, and instruct DTC or its nominee, as the case may be, to conform its records.

(b) To effect a purchase of Notes with Principal Proceeds pursuant to clause (a)(i) above, the Portfolio Manager on behalf of the
Issuer shall, by notice to the Holders of the Notes of such Class, offer to purchase all or a portion of the Notes (the "Note
Purchase Offer"). The Note Purchase Offer shall specify (i) the purchase price (as a percentage of par), which must be at
a discount from par, (ii) the maximum amount of Principal Proceeds that will be used to effect such purchase and (iii) the length
of the period during which such offer will be open for acceptance. In connection with any such purchase by the Issuer, the Issuer shall
also pay accrued interest through the date of such purchase from Interest Proceeds. Pursuant to the terms of the offer each such Holder
shall have the right, but not the obligation, to accept such offer in accordance with its terms. If the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of
Notes of the relevant Class held by Holders who accept such offer exceeds the amount of Principal Proceeds specified in such offer,
a portion of the Notes of each accepting Holder shall be purchased pro rata based on the respective principal amount held by each such Holder, subject to the
Minimum Denomination applicable to such Holder's Notes.

113

(c) An Issuer purchase of the Notes may not occur unless each of the following conditions is satisfied:

(i) (A) such purchases of Notes shall occur in the following sequential order of priority: first, the Class A-1 Notes, based on their
respective Aggregate Outstanding Amounts, until the Class A-1 Notes are retired in full; second, the Class A-2 Notes,
until the Class A-2 Notes are retired in full; third, the Class B Notes, until the Class B Notes are retired in
full; and fourth, the Class C Notes until the Class C Notes are retired in full;

(B) each such purchase shall be effected only at prices discounted from par;

(C) each Coverage Test is satisfied immediately prior to each such purchase and will be satisfied, maintained or improved after giving
effect to such purchase;

(D) to the extent that Sale Proceeds are used to consummate any such purchase, either (I) each requirement or test, as the case may
be, of the Concentration Limitations and the Collateral Quality Test (other than the S&P CDO Monitor Test) will be satisfied after
giving effect to such purchase or (II) if any such requirement or test was not satisfied immediately prior to such purchase, such
requirement or test will be maintained or improved after giving effect to such purchase;

(E) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; and

(F) each such purchase shall otherwise be conducted in accordance with applicable law;

(ii) the Collateral Trustee has received an Officer's certificate of the Portfolio Manager to the effect that the Note Purchase Offer has
been provided to the holders of the Class of Notes subject to the purchase offer, and the conditions in Section 2.14(c)(i) have
been satisfied as determined in good faith by the Portfolio Manager; and

(iii) prior notice of such purchase shall have been provided to the Rating Agency.

114

(d) Any Notes purchased by the Issuer shall be surrendered to the Collateral Trustee for cancellation in accordance with Section 2.9;
provided that, any Notes purchased by the Issuer on a date that is later than a Record Date but prior to the related Payment
Date will not be cancelled until the day following the Payment Date; 

provided,
further, that for purposes of calculation of the Overcollateralization Ratio, any Notes purchased by the Issuer pursuant
to this Section 2.14 shall be deemed to remain Outstanding until all Notes of the applicable Class and each Priority
Class in the Debt Payment Sequence have been retired or redeemed in full, having an Aggregate Outstanding Amount equal to the
Aggregate Outstanding Amount as of the date of surrender, reduced proportionately with, and to the extent of, any payments of
principal on Notes of the same Class thereafter.

(e) In connection with any purchase of Notes pursuant to this Section 2.14, the Issuer, or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf, may
by Issuer Order provide direction to the Collateral Trustee to take actions the Issuer, or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf, deems
necessary to give effect to the other provisions of this Indenture that may be affected by such purchase of the Notes; provided that,
no such direction may conflict with any express provision of this Indenture, including a requirement to obtain the consent of the
Holders prior to taking any such action.

Section 2.15. Conversion of Class A-1L Loans
to Class A-1 Notes.

(a) Subject to the applicable provisions in the Class A-1L Credit Agreement, upon written notice from one or more Converting Class A-1L
Lenders to the Collateral Trustee, the Class A-1L Loan Agent, the Portfolio Manager, the Issuer and the Rating Agency in the form
set forth in the Class A-1L Credit Agreement, the Converting Class A-1L Lender may elect any Business Day (each such Business
Day, a "Class A-1L Conversion Date") upon which all or a portion of the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Class A-1L
Loans shall be converted into Class A-1 Notes in the manner provided for in such written notice; provided that the Class A-
1L Conversion Date shall be no earlier than the fifth Business Day following the date such notice is delivered (or such earlier date as
may be reasonably agreed among the Converting Class A-1L Lender, the Class A-1L Loan Agent, the Portfolio Manager and the Collateral
Trustee) and may not be between a Record Date or a Determination Date (whichever is earlier) and a Payment Date; provided further,
that each such conversion shall be in an amount equal to or greater than U.S.$250,000. If such Converting Class A-1L Lender is converting
its Class A-1L Loans into Class A-1 Notes in the form of interests in a Global Note, the Collateral Trustee must receive (A) instructions
given in accordance with DTC's procedures from an agent member directing the Registrar to credit or cause to be credited a beneficial
interest in the applicable Global Note in an amount equal to the Class A- 1L Loans being converted and (B) a written order given
in accordance with DTC's procedures containing information regarding the participant account of DTC and the Euroclear or Clearstream account
to be credited with such increase. On a Class A-1L Conversion Date, the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Class A-1 Notes
will be increased by the current Aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Class A-1L Loans so converted and if the entire amount of the
Class A-1L Loans is converted, the Class A-1L Loans will cease to be Outstanding and will be deemed to have been repaid in full
for all purposes under this Indenture, other than in respect of any interest payable on the next succeeding Payment Date to the Class A-1L
Lender of such Class A-1L Loans for the portion of the related Interest Accrual Period occurring prior to the Class A-1L
Conversion Date, which interest shall be payable on the Class A-1 Notes as set forth in the Class A-1L Credit Agreement. The
Collateral Trustee shall either (A) if such Holder is converting its Class A-1L Loans into Class A-1 Notes in the form
of interests in Global Notes, approve the instructions at DTC, concurrently with such cancellation, to credit or cause to be credited
to the securities account of the Person specified in such instructions a beneficial interest in the applicable Global Note equal to the
principal amount of the Class A-1L Loans converted or (B) if such Holder is converting its Class A-1L Loans into Class A-1
Notes in the form of Certificated Notes, upon execution by the Issuer, authenticate and deliver one or more Certificated Notes representing
Class A-1 Notes registered in the name of the applicable Holder, in an Aggregate Outstanding Amount equal to the principal amount
of the Class A-1L Loans being converted by such Holder. Interest accrued on the Class A-1L Loans since the prior Payment Date
(or, if no Payment Date has occurred since the incurrence of such Class A-1L Loans, the Closing Date or other date of incurrence,
as applicable) will, as of the Class A-1L Conversion Date, be deemed to have been outstanding on the Class A-1 Notes since such
prior Payment Date (or, if no Payment Date has occurred since the incurrence of such Class A-1L Loans, the Closing Date or other
date of incurrence, as applicable) and will thereafter accrue at the Interest Rate for the Class A-1 Notes; provided that, if the
Class A-1L Loans to be converted have been assigned since the prior Payment Date (or, if no Payment Date has occurred since the incurrence
of such Class A-1L Loans, the Closing Date or other date of incurrence, as applicable), then the Class A-1L Conversion Date
shall only occur on a Payment Date (after the payment, in accordance with Section 3.4 of the Class A-1L Credit Agreement, of
any interest accrued on the portion of the Class A-1L Loan that have been so converted). No Class A-1 Notes or any other Class of
Notes may be converted into Class A-1L Loans.

115

(b) The Issuer, the Portfolio Manager and the Converting Class A-1L Lender shall provide reasonable assistance to the Collateral
Trustee and the Class A-1L Loan Agent in connection with such conversion, including, but not limited to, providing applicable instructions
to DTC.

(c) If a Class A-1L Conversion Option is exercised during an Interest Accrual Period during which the Class A-1L Loans have
been assigned pursuant to the terms of the Class A-1L Credit Agreement, the Collateral Trustee shall pay all accrued and unpaid interest
on the Class A-1 Notes on the related Payment Date to the holder of such Debt on the applicable Record Date.

(d) Each Class A-1L Lender may elect, in its sole discretion, to exercise a Class A-1L Conversion Option concurrently with an
assignment of all or a portion of its Class A-1L Loans (a "Class A-1 Assignment/Conversion") such that the
effective date of the assignment occurs on the related Class A-1L Conversion Date and the assignee receives Class A-1 Notes
in lieu of the portion of the Class A-1L Loans being assigned. Any assignment made in connection with a Class A-1 Assignment/Conversion
shall meet the requirements for an assignment set forth in the Class A-1L Credit Agreement. Any Class A-1L Lender electing to
make a Class A-1
Assignment/Conversion shall deliver to the Collateral Trustee, the Class A-1L Loan Agent, the Portfolio Manager and the Issuer
at least five Business Days prior to the Class A-1L Conversion Date, (w) an executed assignment agreement, (x) a
completed notice substantially in the form set forth in the Class A-1L Credit Agreement, (y) the required assignment fee
and (z) any other information reasonably required by the Collateral Trustee or the Class A-1L Loan Agent, including
information required under applicable "know your customer" regulations. The assignee of such Class A-1L Loans shall
deliver to the Collateral Trustee, the Class A-1L Loan Agent, the Portfolio Manager and the Issuer at least five Business Days
prior to the Class A-1L Conversion Date a transferee representation letter substantially in the form of Exhibit B-1
or B-3, as applicable.

116

Section 2.16. Conversion of Class A-1W Loans
to Class A-1 Notes.

(a) Subject to the applicable provisions in the Class A-1W Credit Agreement, upon written notice from one or more Converting Class A-1W
Lenders to the Collateral Trustee, the Class A-1W Loan Agent, the Portfolio Manager, the Issuer and the Rating Agency in the form
set forth in the Class A-1W Credit Agreement, the Converting Class A-1W Lender may elect any Business Day (each such Business
Day, a "Class A-1W Conversion Date") upon which all or a portion of the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Class A-1W
Loans shall be converted into Class A-1 Notes in the manner provided for in such written notice; provided that the Class A-1W
Conversion Date shall be no earlier than the fifth Business Day following the date such notice is delivered (or such earlier date as may
be reasonably agreed among the Converting Class A-1W Lender, the Class A-1W Loan Agent, the Portfolio Manager and the Collateral
Trustee) and may not be between a Record Date or a Determination Date (whichever is earlier) and a Payment Date; provided further,
that each such conversion shall be in an amount equal to or greater than U.S.$250,000. If such Converting Class A-1W Lender is converting
its Class A-1W Loans into Class A-1 Notes in the form of interests in a Global Note, the Collateral Trustee must receive (A) instructions
given in accordance with DTC's procedures from an agent member directing the Registrar to credit or cause to be credited a beneficial
interest in the applicable Global Note in an amount equal to the Class A-1W Loans being converted and (B) a written order given
in accordance with DTC's procedures containing information regarding the participant account of DTC and the Euroclear or Clearstream account
to be credited with such increase. On a Class A-1W Conversion Date, the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Class A-1 Notes
will be increased by the current Aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Class A-1W Loans so converted and if the entire amount of the
Class A-1W Loans is converted, the Class A-1W Loans will cease to be Outstanding and will be deemed to have been repaid in full
for all purposes under this Indenture, other than in respect of any interest payable on the next succeeding Payment Date to the Class A-1W
Lender of such Class A-1W Loans for the portion of the related Interest Accrual Period occurring prior to the Class A-1W Conversion
Date, which interest shall be payable on the Class A-1 Notes as set forth in the Class A-1W Credit Agreement. The Collateral
Trustee shall either (A) if such Holder is converting its Class A-1W Loans into Class A-1 Notes in the form of interests in Global
Notes, approve the instructions at DTC, concurrently with such cancellation, to credit or cause to be credited to the securities account
of the Person specified in such instructions a beneficial interest in the applicable Global Note equal to the principal amount of the
Class A-1W Loans converted or (B) if such Holder is converting its Class A-1W Loans into Class A-1 Notes in the form
of Certificated Notes, upon execution by the Issuer, authenticate and deliver one or more Certificated Notes representing Class A-1
Notes registered in the name of the applicable Holder, in an Aggregate Outstanding Amount equal to the principal amount of the Class A-1W
Loans being converted by such Holder. Interest accrued on the Class A-1W Loans since the prior Payment Date (or, if no Payment Date
has occurred since the incurrence of such Class A-1W Loans, the Closing Date or other date of incurrence, as applicable) will, as
of the Class A-1W Conversion Date, be deemed to have been outstanding on the Class A- 1 Notes since such prior Payment Date
(or, if no Payment Date has occurred since the incurrence of such Class A-1W Loans, the Closing Date or other date of incurrence,
as applicable) and will thereafter accrue at the Interest Rate for the Class A-1 Notes; provided that, if the Class A-1W Loans
to be converted have been assigned since the prior Payment Date (or, if no Payment Date has occurred since the incurrence of such Class A-1W
Loans, the Closing Date or other date of incurrence, as applicable), then the Class A-1W Conversion Date shall only occur on a Payment
Date (after the payment, in accordance with Section 2.11 of the Class A-1W Credit Agreement, of any interest accrued on the
portion of the Class A-1W Loan that have been so converted). No Class A-1 Notes or any other Class of Notes may be converted
into Class A-1W Loans.

117

(b) The Issuer, the Portfolio Manager and the Converting Class A-1W Lender shall provide reasonable assistance to the Collateral
Trustee and the Class A-1W Loan Agent in connection with such conversion, including, but not limited to, providing applicable instructions
to DTC.

(c) If a Class A-1W Conversion Option is exercised during an Interest Accrual Period during which the Class A-1W Loans have
been assigned pursuant to the terms of the Class A-1W Credit Agreement, the Collateral Trustee shall pay all accrued and unpaid interest
on the Class A-1 Notes on the related Payment Date to the holder of such Debt on the applicable Record Date.

(d) Each Class A-1W Lender may elect, in its sole discretion, to exercise a Class A- 1W Conversion Option concurrently with
an assignment of all or a portion of its Class A-1W Loans (a "Class A-1W Assignment/Conversion") such that
the effective date of the assignment occurs on the related Class A-1W Conversion Date and the assignee receives Class A-1 Notes
in lieu of the portion of the Class A-1W Loans being assigned. Any assignment made in connection with a
Class A-1W Assignment/Conversion shall meet the requirements for an assignment set forth in the Class A-1W Credit Agreement.
Any Class A-1W Lender electing to make a Class A-1W Assignment/Conversion shall deliver to the Collateral Trustee, the Class A-1W
Loan Agent, the Portfolio Manager and the Issuer at least five Business Days prior to the Class A-1W Conversion Date, (w) an
executed assignment agreement, (x) a completed notice
substantially in the form set forth in the Class A- 1W Credit Agreement, (y) the required assignment fee and (z) any other
information reasonably required by the Collateral Trustee or the Class A-1W Loan Agent, including information required under applicable
"know your customer" regulations. The assignee of such Class A-1W Loans shall deliver to the Collateral Trustee, the Class A-1W
Loan Agent, the Portfolio Manager and the Issuer at least five Business Days prior to the Class A-1W Conversion Date a transferee
representation letter substantially in the form of Exhibit B-1 or B-3, as applicable.

118

Section 2.17. Conversion of Class A-2L Loans
to Class A-2 Notes.

(a) Subject to the applicable provisions in the Class A-2L Credit Agreement, upon written notice from one or more Converting Class A-2L
Lenders to the Collateral Trustee, the Class A-2L Loan Agent, the Portfolio Manager, the Issuer and the Rating Agency in the form
set forth in the Class A-2L Credit Agreement, the Converting Class A-2L Lender may elect any Business Day (each such Business
Day, a "Class A-2L Conversion Date") upon which all or a portion of the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Class A-2L
Loans shall be converted into Class A-2 Notes in the manner provided for in such written notice; provided that the Class A-
2L Conversion Date shall be no earlier than the fifth Business Day following the date such notice is delivered (or such earlier date as
may be reasonably agreed among the Converting Class A-2L Lender, the Class A-2L Loan Agent, the Portfolio Manager and the Collateral
Trustee) and may not be between a Record Date or a Determination Date (whichever is earlier) and a Payment Date; provided further,
that each such conversion shall be in an amount equal to or greater than U.S.$250,000. If such Converting Class A-2L Lender is converting
its Class A-2L Loans into Class A-2 Notes in the form of interests in a Global Note, the Collateral Trustee must receive (A) instructions
given in accordance with DTC's procedures from an agent member directing the Registrar to credit or cause to be credited a beneficial
interest in the applicable Global Note in an amount equal to the Class A- 2L Loans being converted and (B) a written order given
in accordance with DTC's procedures containing information regarding the participant account of DTC and the Euroclear or Clearstream account
to be credited with such increase. On a Class A-2L Conversion Date, the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Class A-2 Notes
will be increased by the current Aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Class A-2L Loans so converted and if the entire amount of the
Class A-2L Loans is converted, the Class A-2L Loans will cease to be Outstanding and will be deemed to have been repaid in full
for all purposes under this Indenture, other than in respect of any interest payable on the next succeeding Payment Date to the Class A-2L
Lender of such Class A-2L Loans for the portion of the related Interest Accrual Period occurring prior to the Class A-2L Conversion
Date, which interest shall be payable on the Class A-2 Notes as set forth in the Class A-2L Credit Agreement. The Collateral
Trustee shall either (A) if such Holder is converting its Class A-2L Loans into Class A-2 Notes in the form of interests
in Global Notes, approve the instructions at DTC, concurrently with such cancellation, to credit or cause to be credited to the securities
account of the Person specified in such instructions a beneficial interest in the applicable Global Note equal to the principal amount
of the Class A-2L Loans converted
or (B) if such Holder is converting its Class A-2L Loans into Class A-2 Notes in the form of Certificated Notes, upon execution
by the Issuer, authenticate and deliver one or more Certificated Notes representing Class A-2 Notes registered in the name of the
applicable Holder, in an Aggregate Outstanding Amount equal to the principal amount of the Class A-2L Loans being converted by such
Holder. Interest accrued on the Class A-2L Loans since the prior Payment Date (or, if no Payment Date has occurred since the incurrence
of such Class A-2L Loans, the Closing Date or other date of incurrence, as applicable) will, as of the Class A-2L Conversion
Date, be deemed to have been outstanding on the Class A-2 Notes since such prior Payment Date (or, if no Payment Date has occurred
since the incurrence of such Class A-2L Loans, the Closing Date or other date of incurrence, as applicable) and will thereafter accrue
at the Interest Rate for the Class A-2 Notes; provided that, if the Class A-2L Loans to be converted have been assigned since
the prior Payment Date (or, if no Payment Date has occurred since the incurrence of such Class A-2L Loans, the Closing Date or other
date of incurrence, as applicable), then the Class A-2L Conversion Date shall only occur on a Payment Date (after the payment, in
accordance with Section 2.11 of the Class A-2L Credit Agreement, of any interest accrued on the portion of the Class A-2L
Loan that have been so converted). No Class A-2 Notes or any other Class of Notes may be converted into Class A-2L Loans.

119

(b) The Issuer, the Portfolio Manager and the Converting Class A-2L Lender shall provide reasonable assistance to the Collateral
Trustee and the Class A-2L Loan Agent in connection with such conversion, including, but not limited to, providing applicable instructions
to DTC.

(c) If a Class A-2L Conversion Option is exercised during an Interest Accrual Period during which the Class A-2L Loans have
been assigned pursuant to the terms of the Class A-2L Credit Agreement, the Collateral Trustee shall pay all accrued and unpaid interest
on the Class A-2 Notes on the related Payment Date to the holder of such Debt on the applicable Record Date.

(d) Each Class A-2L Lender may elect, in its sole discretion, to exercise a Class A-2L Conversion Option concurrently with an
assignment of all or a portion of its Class A-2L Loans (a "Class A-2L Assignment/Conversion") such that the effective date
of the assignment occurs on the related Class A-2L Conversion Date and the assignee receives Class A-2 Notes in lieu of the
portion of the Class A-2L Loans being assigned. Any assignment made in connection with a Class A-2L Assignment/Conversion shall
meet the requirements for an assignment set forth in the Class A-2L Credit Agreement. Any Class A-2L Lender electing to make
a Class A-2L Assignment/Conversion shall deliver to the Collateral Trustee, the Class A-2L Loan Agent, the Portfolio Manager
and the Issuer at least five Business Days prior to the Class A-2L Conversion Date, (w) an executed assignment agreement, (x) a
completed notice substantially in the form set forth in the Class A- 2L Credit Agreement, (y) the required assignment fee and
(z) any other information reasonably required by the Collateral Trustee or the Class A-2L Loan Agent, including information
required under applicable "know your customer" regulations.

120

The assignee of such Class A-2L
Loans shall deliver to the Collateral Trustee, the Class A-2L Loan Agent, the Portfolio Manager and the Issuer at least five Business
Days prior to the Class A-2L Conversion Date a transferee representation letter substantially in the form of Exhibit B-1
or B-3, as applicable.

ARTICLE III

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

Section 3.1. Conditions
to Issuance of Notes on Closing Date

(a) The Notes to be issued on the Closing Date shall be registered in the names of the respective Holders thereof and executed by the
Issuer and delivered to the Collateral Trustee for authentication and thereupon the same shall be authenticated and delivered by the Collateral
Trustee upon Issuer Order and upon receipt by the Collateral Trustee of the following:

(i) Officer's Certificate of the Issuer Regarding Corporate Matters. An Officer's certificate of the Issuer (A) evidencing
the authorization by Resolution of the execution and delivery of this Indenture, the Class A Credit Agreements, the Portfolio Management
Agreement, the Collateral Administration Agreement, the Loan Sale Agreement, the Account Agreement and the Placement Agreement, the execution,
authentication and delivery of the Notes and the incurrence of the Class A Loans and specifying the Stated Maturity, principal amount
and Interest Rate of each Class of Debt to be authenticated and delivered and (B) certifying that (1) the copy of the Resolution
attached thereto is a true and complete copy thereof, (2) such Resolution has not been rescinded and is in full force and effect
on and as of the Closing Date and (3) the Officers authorized to execute and deliver such documents hold the offices and have the
signatures indicated thereon.

(ii) Governmental Approvals. From the Issuer either (A) a certificate of the Issuer or other official document evidencing the
due authorization, approval or consent of any governmental body or bodies, at the time having jurisdiction in the premises, together with
an Opinion of Counsel of the Issuer that no other authorization, approval or consent of any governmental body is required for the performance
by the Issuer of its obligations under this Indenture, the Class A Credit Agreements, the Portfolio Management Agreement and the
Collateral Administration Agreement or (B) an Opinion of Counsel of the Issuer that no such authorization, approval or consent of
any governmental body is required for the performance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Indenture, the Portfolio Management
Agreement, the Placement Agreement and the Collateral Administration Agreement except as has been given (provided that, the opinions delivered
pursuant to Section 3.1(a)(iii) below may satisfy this requirement).

(iii) U.S. Counsel Opinions. Opinions of Dechert LLP, special U.S. counsel to the Issuer and the Portfolio Manager, Richards, Layton &
Finger, P.A., special Delaware counsel to the Issuer,
and Alston & Bird LLP, counsel to the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent and the Collateral Administrator, each dated the Closing
Date.

121

(iv) [Reserved].

(v) Officer's Certificate of Issuer Regarding Indenture. An Officer's certificate of the Issuer stating that, to the best of the
signing Officer's knowledge, the Issuer is not in default under this Indenture and that the issuance of the Notes and the incurrence of
the Class A-1L Loans will not result in a default or a breach of any of the terms, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a default
under, its organizational documents, any indenture or other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound, or
any order of any court or administrative agency entered in any Proceeding to which it is a party or by which it may be bound or to which
it may be subject; that all conditions precedent provided in this Indenture relating to the authentication and delivery of the Notes and
the incurrence of the Class A-1L Loans have been complied with; that all expenses due or accrued with respect to the Offering of
such Notes and the incurrence of the Class A-1L Loans or relating to actions taken on or in connection with the Closing Date have
been paid or reserves therefor have been made; and that all of its representations and warranties contained in this Indenture are true
and correct as of the Closing Date.

(vi) Portfolio Management Agreement, Collateral Administration Agreement and Account Agreement. An executed counterpart of the Portfolio
Management Agreement, the Collateral Administration Agreement and the Account Agreement.

(vii) Certificate of the Portfolio Manager. An Officer's certificate of the Portfolio Manager, dated as of the Closing Date, to the
effect that with respect to each Collateral Obligation to be Delivered by the Issuer on the Closing Date, and immediately before the Delivery
of such Collateral Obligation on the Closing Date, to the best of the Portfolio Manager's knowledge:

(A) each Collateral Obligation in the Schedule of Collateral Obligations satisfies the requirements of the definition of "Collateral
Obligation";

(B) the information with respect to each Collateral Obligation in the Schedule of Collateral Obligations is true and correct and such
schedule is complete with respect to each such Collateral Obligation;

(C) the Issuer purchased or entered into each Collateral Obligation in the Schedule of Collateral Obligations in compliance with Section 12.2;
and

122

(D) the Aggregate Principal Balance of the Collateral Obligations which the Issuer has purchased, acquired, identified for acquisition
or entered into binding commitments to purchase on or prior to the Closing Date for settlement on or after the Closing Date is approximately
U.S.$490 million.

(viii) Grant of Collateral Obligations. Contemporaneous with the issuance or incurrence and sale of the Debt on the Closing Date,
the Grant pursuant to the Granting Clauses of this Indenture of all of the Issuer's right, title and interest in and to the Collateral
Obligations pledged to the Collateral Trustee for inclusion in the Assets on the Closing Date shall be effective, and Delivery of such
Collateral Obligations (including each promissory note and all other Underlying Instruments related thereto to the extent received by
the Issuer) as contemplated by Section 3.3 shall have been effected which requirement shall be deemed satisfied by delivery of the
Issuer's certificate described in clause (ix) below.

(ix) Certificate of the Issuer Regarding Assets. An Officer's certificate of an Authorized Officer of the Issuer, dated as of the
Closing Date, to the effect that, with respect to each Collateral Obligation pledged to the Collateral Trustee for inclusion in the Assets,
on the Closing Date and immediately prior to Delivery thereof:

(A) the Issuer is the owner of such Collateral Obligation free and clear of any liens, claims or encumbrances of any nature whatsoever
except for (i) those which are being released on the Closing Date, (ii) those Granted pursuant to
or permitted by this Indenture, (iii) encumbrances arising from due bills, if any, with respect to interest, or a portion thereof,
accrued on such Collateral Obligation prior to the first Payment Date and owed by the Issuer to the seller of such Collateral Obligation
and (iv) any other Permitted Liens;

(B) the Issuer has acquired its ownership in such Collateral Obligation in good faith without notice of any adverse claim, except as described
in clause (A) above;

(C) the Issuer has not assigned, pledged or otherwise encumbered any interest in such Collateral Obligation (or, if any such interest
has been assigned, pledged or otherwise encumbered, it has been released) other than interests Granted pursuant to this Indenture and
the Account Agreement;

(D) the Issuer has full right to Grant a security interest in and assign and pledge all of its right, title and interest in such Collateral
Obligation to the Collateral Trustee;

123

(E) based on the certificate of the Portfolio Manager delivered pursuant to Section 3.1(a)(vii), the information set forth with respect
to such Collateral Obligation in the Schedule of Collateral Obligations is true and correct;

(F) upon Grant by the Issuer, the Collateral Trustee has a first priority perfected security interest in such Collateral Obligation (assuming
that any Clearing Corporation, intermediary or other entity not within the control of the Issuer involved in the Delivery of such Collateral
Obligation takes the actions required of it for perfection of that interest), except as permitted by this Indenture; and

(G) based on the certificate of the Portfolio Manager delivered pursuant to Section 3.1(a)(vii), the Aggregate Principal Balance
of the Collateral Obligations which the Issuer has purchased, acquired, identified for acquisition or has entered into
binding commitments to purchase prior to the Closing Date for settlement on or after the Closing Date is approximately U.S.$490,000,000.

(x) Rating Letter. An Officer's certificate of the Issuer to the effect that it has received a true and correct copy of a letter
from S&P and confirming that each Class of Debt has been assigned the applicable Initial Rating and that such ratings are in
effect on the Closing Date.

(xi) Accounts. Evidence of the establishment of each of the Accounts.

(xii) Certificate for Deposit of Funds into Accounts. The Closing Date Certificate, dated as of the Closing Date, authorizing deposits
of funds into the Accounts identified therein.

(xiii) Other Documents. Such other documents as the Collateral Trustee may reasonably require; provided that, nothing
in this clause (xiv) shall imply or impose a duty on the part of the Collateral Trustee to require any other documents.

Section 3.2. Conditions
to Additional Issuance

(a) Any additional notes to be issued in accordance with Section 2.13 may be executed by the Issuer and delivered to the Collateral
Trustee, in the case of additional notes, for authentication and thereupon the same shall be authenticated and delivered by the Collateral
Trustee upon Issuer Order and upon receipt by the Collateral Trustee of the following:

(i) Officer's Certificate of the Issuer Regarding Corporate Matters. An Officer's certificate of
the Issuer (A) evidencing the authorization by Resolution of the execution, authentication and delivery of the notes applied
for by it and specifying the Stated Maturity, principal amount and Interest Rate (if applicable) of the notes applied for by it and
the incurrence of the Class A Loans
(B) certifying that (1) the attached copy of the Resolution is a true and complete copy thereof, (2) such Resolution
has not been rescinded and is in full force and effect on and as of the date of issuance and (3) the Officers authorized to
execute and deliver such documents hold the offices and have the signatures indicated thereon.

124

(ii) Governmental Approvals. From the Issuer either (A) a certificate of the Issuer or other official document evidencing the
due authorization, approval or consent of any governmental body or bodies, at the time having jurisdiction in the premises, together with
an Opinion of Counsel of such Issuer that no other authorization, approval or consent of any governmental body is required for the valid
issuance of the additional notes or (B) an Opinion of Counsel of the Issuer that no such authorization, approval or consent of any
governmental body is required for the valid issuance of such additional notes except as has been given.

(iii) Officer's Certificate of Issuer Regarding Indenture. An Officer's certificate of the Issuer stating that, to the best of the
signing Officer's knowledge, the Issuer is not in default under this Indenture and that the issuance of the additional notes nor the incurrence
of the Class A Loans applied for by it will not result in a default or a breach of any of the terms, conditions or provisions of,
or constitute a default under, its organizational documents, any indenture or other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or
by which it is bound, or any order of any court or administrative agency entered in any Proceeding to which it is a party or by which
it may be bound or to which it may be subject; that the provisions of Section 2.13 and all conditions precedent provided in this
Indenture relating to the authentication and delivery of the additional notes applied for by it and the incurrence of the Class A
Loans have been complied with; that all expenses due or accrued with respect to the offering of such debt or relating to actions taken
on or in connection with the additional issuance have been paid or reserves therefor have been made; and that all of its representations
and warranties contained herein are true and correct as of the date of additional issuance or incurrence.

(iv) Supplemental Indenture. A fully executed counterpart of any supplemental indenture making such changes to this Indenture if
necessary to permit such additional issuance or incurrence.

(v) [Reserved].

(vi) Issuer Order for Deposit of Funds into Accounts. An Issuer Order signed in the name of the Issuer by an Authorized Officer
of the Issuer, dated as of the date of the additional issuance, authorizing the deposit of the net proceeds of the issuance into the Collection
Account for use pursuant to Section 10.2.

125

(vii) Evidence of Required Consents. A certificate of the Portfolio Manager consenting to such additional issuance and satisfactory
evidence of the consent of the holder of the Interests to such issuance (which may be in the form of an Officer's certificate of the Issuer).

(viii) Issuer Order for Deposit of Funds into Expense Reserve Account. An Issuer Order signed in the name of the Issuer by an Authorized
Officer of the Issuer, dated as of the date of the additional issuance, authorizing the deposit of the requisite portion of the proceeds
(if any), as directed by the Issuer (or the Portfolio Manager on behalf of the Issuer) to the Collateral Trustee, of such additional issuance
into the Expense Reserve Account for use pursuant to Section 10.3(d).

(ix) Evidence of Required Consents. Satisfactory evidence of the consent to such issuance by the Portfolio Manager.

(x) Other Documents. Such other documents as the Collateral Trustee may reasonably require; provided that, nothing
in this clause (x) shall imply or impose a duty on the part of the Collateral Trustee to require any other documents.

Section 3.3. Delivery
of Collateral Obligations and Eligible Investments

(a) The Portfolio Manager, on behalf of the Issuer, shall Deliver or cause to be Delivered, on or prior to the Closing Date (with respect
to the initial Collateral Obligations) and within two (2) Business Days after the related Cut-Off Date (with respect to any additional
Collateral Obligations) to a custodian appointed by the Issuer, which shall be a Securities Intermediary (the "Custodian")
or the Bank, as applicable, all Assets in accordance with the definition of "Deliver."

(b) The Custodian appointed hereby shall act as custodian for the Issuer and as custodian, agent and bailee for the Collateral Trustee
on behalf of the Secured Parties for purposes of perfecting the Collateral Trustee's security interest in those Assets in which a security
interest is perfected by Delivery of the related Assets to the Custodian. Initially, the Custodian shall be U.S. Bank Trust Company, National
Association. Any successor custodian shall be an Eligible Custodian. Subject to the limited right to relocate Assets as provided in Section 7.5(b),
the Collateral Trustee or the Custodian, as applicable, shall hold (i) all Collateral Obligations, Eligible Investments, Cash and
other investments purchased in accordance with this Indenture and (ii) any other property of the Issuer otherwise Delivered to the
Collateral Trustee or the Custodian, as applicable, by or on behalf of the Issuer, in the relevant Account established and maintained
pursuant to Article X; as to which in each case the Collateral Trustee shall have entered into the Account Agreement with the Custodian
providing, inter alia, that the establishment and maintenance of such Account will be governed by a law of a jurisdiction satisfactory
to the Issuer and the Collateral Trustee.

126

(c) Each time that the Portfolio Manager on behalf of the Issuer directs or causes the acquisition of any Collateral Obligation, Eligible
Investment or other investment, the Portfolio Manager (on behalf of the Issuer) shall, if the Collateral Obligation, Eligible Investment
or other investment is required to be, but has not already been, transferred to the relevant Account, cause the Collateral Obligation,
Eligible Investment or other investment to be Delivered to the Custodian to be held in the Custodial Account (or in the case of any such
investment that is not a Collateral Obligation, in the Account in which the funds used to purchase the investment are held in accordance
with Article X) for the benefit of the Collateral Trustee in accordance with this Indenture. The security interest of the Collateral
Trustee in the funds or other property used in connection with the acquisition shall, immediately and without further action on the part
of the Collateral Trustee, be released. The security interest of the Collateral Trustee shall nevertheless come into existence and continue
in the Collateral Obligation, Eligible Investment or other investment so acquired, including all interests of the Issuer in any contracts
related to and proceeds of such Collateral Obligation, Eligible Investment or other investment.

ARTICLE IV

SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE; ILLIQUID ASSETS; LIMITATION
ON

ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES

Section 4.1. Satisfaction
and Discharge of Indenture

This Indenture shall
be discharged and shall cease to be of further effect except as to (i) rights of registration of transfer and exchange,
(ii) substitution of mutilated, defaced, destroyed, lost or stolen Debt, (iii) rights of Holders to receive payments of
principal thereof and interest that accrued prior to Maturity (and to the extent lawful and enforceable, interest on due and unpaid
accrued interest) thereon, (iv) the rights, obligations and immunities of the Portfolio Manager hereunder and under the
Portfolio Management Agreement and of the Collateral Administrator under the Collateral Administration Agreement, (v) the
rights of Holders as beneficiaries hereof with respect to the property deposited with the Collateral Trustee and payable to all or
any of them (subject to Section 2.7(i)) and (vi) the rights, protections, indemnities and immunities of the Collateral
Trustee hereunder and the Bank in its other capacities hereunder and the other Transaction Documents, and the obligations of the
Collateral Trustee hereunder in connection with the foregoing clauses (i) through (v) and otherwise under this
Article IV (and the Collateral Trustee, on demand of and at the expense of the Issuer, shall execute proper instruments
acknowledging satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture) when:

(a) (x) either:

(i) all Notes theretofore authenticated and delivered to Holders (other than (A) Notes which have been mutilated, defaced, destroyed,
lost or stolen and which have been replaced or paid as provided in Section 2.6 or (B) Notes for whose payment Money has theretofore
irrevocably been deposited in trust and thereafter repaid to the Issuer or discharged from such trust, as provided in Section 7.3)
have been delivered to the Collateral Trustee for cancellation and the Class A-1L Loans have been repaid
in full pursuant to the Class A Credit Agreements; or

127

(ii) all Notes not theretofore delivered to the Collateral Trustee for cancellation and the Class A-1L Loans not theretofore repaid
in full by the Loan Agent (A) have become due and payable,
or (B) will become due and payable at their Stated Maturity within one year, or (C) are to be called for redemption pursuant
to Article IX under an arrangement satisfactory to the Collateral Trustee for the giving of notice of redemption by the Issuer pursuant
to Sections 9.4 or 9.7 and the Issuer has irrevocably deposited or caused to be deposited with the Collateral Trustee, in trust for such
purpose, Cash or non- callable direct obligations of the United States of America (provided that, the obligations are entitled
to the full faith and credit of the United States of America or are debt obligations which are rated "AAA" by S&P, in an
amount sufficient, as recalculated in writing by a firm of Independent certified public accountants which are nationally recognized) sufficient
to pay and discharge the entire indebtedness on such Class A-1L Loans and the Notes, for principal and interest payable thereon under
this Indenture to the date of such deposit (in the case of Debt which has become due and payable), or to their Stated Maturity or Redemption
Date, as the case may be, and shall have Granted to the Collateral Trustee a valid perfected security interest in such cash or obligations
that is of first priority or free of any adverse claim, as applicable, and shall have furnished an Opinion of Counsel with respect to
the creation and perfection of such security interest; provided that, this subsection (ii) shall not apply if an election
to act in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.5(a) shall have been made and not rescinded; and

(y) the Issuer has paid or caused
to be paid all other sums payable by the Issuer hereunder and under the Collateral Administration Agreement and the Portfolio Management
Agreement; or

(b) all Assets of the Issuer that are subject to the lien of this Indenture have been realized and the proceeds thereof have been distributed,
in each case in accordance with this Indenture, and the Accounts have been closed;

provided
that, in each case, the Issuer has delivered to the Collateral Trustee an Officer's certificate (which may rely on information
provided by the Collateral Trustee or the Collateral Administrator as to the Cash, Collateral Obligations, Equity Securities and Eligible
Investments included in the Assets), stating that all conditions precedent herein provided for relating to the satisfaction and discharge
of this Indenture have been complied with.

Notwithstanding
the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, the rights and obligations of the Issuer, the Collateral Trustee, the Portfolio
Manager and, if applicable, the Holders, as the case may be, under Sections 2.7, 4.2, 5.4(d), 5.9, 5.18, 6.1. 6.3, 6.6, 6.7, 7.1,
7.3, 13.1 and 14.15 shall survive.

128

Section 4.2. Application
of Trust Money

All Cash and obligations deposited
with the Collateral Trustee pursuant to Section 4.1 shall be held in trust and applied by it in accordance with the provisions of
the Debt and this Indenture and the Class A Credit Agreements, including, without limitation, the Priority of Payments, to the payment
of principal and interest (or other amounts with respect to the Interests), either directly or through any Paying Agent, as the Collateral
Trustee may determine; and such Cash and obligations shall be held in a segregated account identified as being held in trust for the benefit
of the Secured Parties.

Section 4.3. Repayment
of Monies Held by Paying Agent

In connection with the satisfaction
and discharge of this Indenture with respect to the Debt, all Monies then held by any Paying Agent other than the Collateral Trustee under
the provisions of this Indenture shall, upon demand of the Issuer, be paid to the Collateral Trustee to be held and applied pursuant to
Section 7.3 and in accordance with the Priority of Payments and thereupon such Paying Agent shall be released from all further liability
with respect to such Monies.

Section 4.4. Disposition
of Illiquid Assets

(a) If the Assets consist exclusively of Illiquid Assets, Eligible Investments and/or Cash, the Portfolio Manager may request bids with
respect to each such Illiquid Asset as described below after providing notice to the Holders and requesting that any Holder that wishes
to bid on any such Illiquid Asset notify the Collateral Trustee (with a copy to the Portfolio Manager) of such intention within 15 Business
Days after the date of such notice. The Collateral Trustee shall, after the end of such 15 Business Day period, offer the Illiquid Assets
for sale as determined and directed by the Portfolio Manager (in a manner and according to terms determined by the Portfolio Manager (including
from Persons identified to the Collateral Trustee by the Portfolio Manager) and pursuant to sale documentation provided by the Portfolio
Manager) and, if any Holder so notifies the Collateral Trustee that it wishes to bid, such Holder shall be included in the distribution
of sale offering or bid solicitation material in connection therewith and thereby given an opportunity to participate with other bidders,
if any. The Collateral Trustee shall request bids for the sale of each such Illiquid Asset, in accordance with the procedures established
by the Portfolio Manager, from (i) at least three Persons identified to the Collateral Trustee by the Portfolio Manager that
make a market in or specialize in obligations of the nature of such Illiquid Asset, (ii) the Portfolio Manager, (iii) each
Holder that so notified the Collateral Trustee that it wishes to bid and (iv) in the case of a public sale, any other
participating bidders, and the Collateral Trustee shall have no responsibility for the sufficiency or acceptability of such
procedures for any purpose or for any results obtained. The Collateral Trustee shall notify the Portfolio Manager promptly of the
results of such bids. Subject to the requirements of applicable law, (x) if the aggregate amount of the highest bids received
(if any) is greater than or equal to U.S.$100,000, the Issuer shall sell each Illiquid Asset to the highest bidder (which may
include the Portfolio Manager and its Affiliates) and (y) if the aggregate amount of the highest bids received is less than
U.S.$100,000 or no bids are received, the Collateral Trustee shall dispose of the Illiquid Assets as directed by the Portfolio
Manager in its reasonable business judgment, which may include (with respect to each Illiquid Asset) (I) selling it, at no cost
to the Collateral Trustee, to the highest bidder (which may include the Portfolio Manager and its Affiliates) if a bid was received;
(II) donating it, at no cost to the Collateral Trustee, to a charitable organization designated by the Portfolio Manager;
(III) returning it to its issuer or Obligor for cancellation or (IV) abandonment.

129

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Collateral Trustee shall not be under any obligation to dispose of or offer for sale any Illiquid
Assets pursuant to clause (a) above if the Collateral Trustee is not reasonably satisfied that payment of all expenses, costs and
liabilities to be incurred by the Collateral Trustee in connection with such disposition or offer, as the case may be, are indemnified
or provided for in a manner acceptable to the Collateral Trustee. In addition, the Collateral Trustee shall not dispose of Illiquid Assets
in accordance with Section 4.4(a) if directed not to do so, at any time following notice of such disposal and prior to release,
or acceptance of an offer for sale, of such Illiquid Asset, by a Majority of the Interests; provided that, arrangements
satisfactory to the Collateral Trustee have been made to pay for any accrued and unpaid Administrative Expenses and any additional Administrative
Expenses (including any dissolution and discharge expenses) reasonably expected to be incurred (after giving effect to Section 4.5).
If the Collateral Trustee is so directed and no satisfactory arrangements for payment have been made, then the Collateral Trustee shall
be entitled to disregard such direction and shall have no liability for taking or omitting to take any action in respect of such direction.
In any event, the Collateral Trustee shall have no liability for the results of any such sale or disposition of Illiquid Assets, including,
without limitation, if the proceeds received, if any, are insufficient to pay all outstanding Administrative Expenses in full.

Section 4.5. Limitation
on Obligation to Incur Administrative Expenses

If at any time the sum
of (i) the amount of the Eligible Investments, (ii) Cash and (iii) amounts reasonably expected to be received by the
Issuer in Cash during the current Collection Period (as determined by the Portfolio Manager) is less than the Dissolution Expenses,
then notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture, the Issuer shall no longer be required to incur Administrative Expenses
as otherwise required by this Indenture to any Person or entity other than the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent, the Collateral
Administrator (or any other capacity in which the Bank is acting pursuant to the Transaction Documents) and their respective
Affiliates, including for Opinions of Counsel in connection with supplemental indentures pursuant to Article VIII, annual
opinions under Section 7.6, services of legal advisors and accountants under Sections 7.17 and 10.9 and fees of the Rating
Agency under Section 7.14, and failure to pay such amounts or provide or obtain such opinions, reports or services shall not
constitute a Default hereunder, and the Collateral Trustee (or the Bank in any other capacity) shall have no liability for any
failure to obtain or receive any of the foregoing opinions, reports or services. The foregoing shall not, however, limit, supersede
or alter any right afforded to the Collateral Trustee under this Indenture (or the Bank in any other capacity) to refrain from
taking action in the absence of its receipt of any such opinion, report or service which it reasonably determines is necessary for
its own protection.

130

ARTICLE V 

REMEDIES

Section 5.1. Events
of Default

"Event of Default",
wherever used herein, means any one of the following events (whatever the reason for such Event of Default and whether it shall be voluntary
or involuntary or be effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or
regulation of any administrative or governmental body):

(a) a default in the payment, when due and payable, of (i) any interest on any Class A-1 Debt, Class A-2 Debt or Class B
Note or, if there is no Class A-1 Debt, Class A-2 Debt or Class B Note Outstanding, any Class C Note, and, in each
case, the continuation of any such default for seven Business Days, or (ii) any principal of, or interest or Deferred Interest on,
or any Redemption Price in respect of, any Note at its Stated Maturity or on any Redemption Date (other than a Special Redemption Date
or any Redemption Date with respect to which the notice of redemption has been withdrawn in accordance with this Indenture); provided,
that (x) in the case of a default under clause (i) or (ii) (other than such a default with respect to the payment of interest
on or principal of the Class A-1 Debt only) where (A) such default is due solely to a delayed or failed settlement of any Asset
sale by the Issuer (or the Portfolio Manager on the Issuer's behalf), (B) the Issuer (or the Portfolio Manager on the Issuer's behalf)
had entered into a binding agreement for the sale of such Asset prior to the applicable date on which such payment is due and payable,
(C) such delayed or failed settlement is due solely to circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer and the Portfolio Manager
and (D) the Issuer (or the Portfolio Manager on the Issuer's behalf) has used commercially reasonable efforts to cause such settlement
to occur prior to such date and without such delay or failure, then such default will not be an Event of Default unless such failure continues
for 60 calendar days, (y) in the case of a default resulting from a failure to disburse due to an administrative error or omission
by the Portfolio Manager, the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Registrar or any Paying Agent, such
default will not be an Event of Default unless such failure continues for 10 Business Days after a Bank Officer of the Collateral Trustee
receives written notice or has actual knowledge of such administrative error or omission (irrespective of whether the cause of such administrative
error or omission has been determined) and (z) in the case of any default on any Redemption Date (other than a Special Redemption
Date) with respect to which the notice of redemption has not been withdrawn in accordance with this Indenture, such default will not be
an Event of Default unless such default continues for a period of seven or more Business Days;

131

(b) the failure on any Payment Date to disburse amounts in excess of $100,000 that are available in the Payment Account with respect to
any amount payable in connection with the Debt, in each case, in accordance with the Priority of Payments and continuation of such failure
for a period of 10 Business Days; provided, that in the case of a default resulting from a failure to disburse due to an administrative
error or omission by the Portfolio Manager,
the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Registrar or any Paying Agent or is due to another non-credit
related reason, such default will not be an Event of Default unless such failure continues for 10 Business Days after a Bank Officer of
the Collateral Trustee receives written notice or has actual knowledge of such administrative error or omission, irrespective of whether
the cause of such administrative error or omission has been determined;

(c) either of the Issuer or the Assets becomes an investment company required to be registered under the Investment Company Act (and such
requirement has not been eliminated after a period of 45 days);

(d) except as otherwise provided in this Section 5.1, a default in any material respect in the performance, or breach in any material
respect, of any other covenant or other agreement of the Issuer in this Indenture or the Class A Credit Agreements (it being understood,
without limiting the generality of the foregoing, that any failure to meet any Concentration Limitation, Collateral Quality Test or Coverage
Test is not an Event of Default, except to the extent provided in clause (g) below), or the failure of any material representation
or warranty of the Issuer made in this Indenture, the Class A Credit Agreements or in any certificate or other writing delivered
pursuant hereto or in connection herewith to be correct in all material respects when the same shall have been made, which default, breach
or failure has a material adverse effect on the Holders, and the continuation of such default, breach or failure for a period of 45 Business
Days after notice by the Collateral Trustee or the Loan Agent at the direction of the Holders of a Majority of the Controlling Class to
the Issuer and the Portfolio Manager specifying such default, breach or failure and requiring it to be remedied and stating that such
notice is a "Notice of Default" hereunder; provided that, if the Issuer (as notified to the Collateral Trustee
by the Portfolio Manager in writing), has commenced curing such default, breach or failure during such 45 Business Day period specified
above, such default, breach or failure shall not constitute an Event of Default under this clause (d) unless it continues for a period
of 60 Business Days (in lieu of, but not in addition to, such 45 Business Day period specified above); provided, further, that
the failure to effect a Refinancing, Optional Redemption or Re-Pricing Amendment will not be an Event of Default;

(e) the entry of a decree or order by a court having competent jurisdiction adjudging the Issuer as bankrupt or insolvent, or approving
as properly filed a petition seeking reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition of or in respect of the Issuer under the Bankruptcy
Code or any other applicable law, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, or sequestrator (or other similar official) of the Issuer
or of any substantial part of its property, respectively, or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of its affairs, respectively, and
the continuance of any such decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive days;

132

(f) the institution by the Issuer of Proceedings to have the Issuer adjudicated as bankrupt or
insolvent, or the consent of the Issuer to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency Proceedings against the Issuer or the filing
by the Issuer of a petition or answer or consent seeking reorganization
or relief under the Bankruptcy Code or any other similar applicable law, or the consent by the Issuer to the filing of any such petition
or to the appointment in a Proceeding of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee or sequestrator (or other similar official) of the
Issuer or of any substantial part of its property, respectively, or the making by the Issuer of an assignment for the benefit of creditors,
or the admission by the Issuer in writing of its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due, or the taking of any action
by the Issuer in furtherance of any such action or the members of the Issuer passing a resolution (in accordance with the Issuer LLCA)
to have the Issuer wound up on a voluntary basis; or

(g) on any Measurement Date on which any Class A-1 Debt is Outstanding, failure of the percentage equivalent of a fraction, (i) the
numerator of which is equal to (1) the sum of (x) the Aggregate Principal Balance of the Collateral Obligations, excluding Defaulted
Obligations and (y) without duplication, the amounts on deposit in the Collection Account and the Ramp-Up Account (including Eligible
Investments therein) representing Principal Proceeds plus (2) the aggregate Market Value of all Defaulted Obligations on such
date and (ii) the denominator of which is equal to the Aggregate Outstanding
Amount of the Class A-1 Debt, to equal or exceed 102.5%.

Promptly upon
obtaining knowledge of the occurrence of an Event of Default, (i) the Issuer, (ii) the Collateral Trustee and
(iii) the Portfolio Manager shall notify each other. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default known to a Bank Officer of the
Collateral Trustee, the Collateral Trustee shall, not later than three Business Days thereafter, notify the Holders, each Paying
Agent, DTC and the Rating Agency of such Event of Default in writing (unless such Event of Default has been waived as provided in
Section 5.14).

Section 5.2. Acceleration of
Maturity; Rescission and Annulment

(a) If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing (other than an Event of Default specified in
Section 5.1(e) or (f)), the Collateral Trustee may (with the written consent of a Supermajority of the Controlling Class),
and shall (upon the written direction of a Supermajority of the Controlling Class), by notice to the Issuer, the Collateral Trustee,
the Portfolio Manager and the Rating Agency, declare the principal of the Debt to be immediately due and payable, and upon any such
declaration the principal of the Debt, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon (including, in the case of Deferred
Interest Debt, any Deferred Interest) through the date of acceleration and other amounts payable hereunder, shall become immediately
due and payable. If an Event of Default specified in Section 5.1(e) or (f) occurs, all unpaid principal,
together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, of all the Debt, and other amounts payable thereunder and hereunder, shall automatically
become due and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Collateral Trustee or any Holder.

133

(b) At any time after such a declaration of acceleration of Maturity has been made and before a judgment or decree for payment of the
Money due has been obtained by the Collateral Trustee as hereinafter
provided in this Article V, a Supermajority of the Controlling Class by written notice to the Issuer, the Collateral Trustee,
the Rating Agency and the Portfolio Manager, may rescind and annul such declaration and its consequences if:

(i) The Issuer has paid or deposited with the Collateral Trustee a sum sufficient to pay:

(A) all unpaid installments of interest and principal then due and payable on the Debt (other than the non-payment of amounts that have
become due solely due to acceleration);

(B) to the extent that the payment of such interest is lawful, interest upon any Deferred Interest at the applicable Interest Rate; and

(C) all unpaid taxes and Administrative Expenses (subject to the Administrative Expense Cap) of the Issuer and other sums paid or advanced
by the Collateral Trustee hereunder or by the Collateral Administrator under the Collateral Administration Agreement or hereunder, accrued
and unpaid Base Management Fee and any other amounts then payable by the Issuer hereunder prior to such Administrative Expenses and such
Base Management Fees; and

(ii) it has been determined that all Events of Default, other than the nonpayment of the interest on or principal of the Debt that has
become due solely by such acceleration, have (A) been cured, and a Supermajority of the Controlling Class by written notice
to the Collateral Trustee, with a copy to the Portfolio Manager, has agreed with such determination (which agreement shall not be unreasonably
withheld), or (B) been waived as provided in Section 5.14.

No such rescission shall affect any
subsequent Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon. Any Hedge Agreement in effect upon such declaration of an acceleration
must remain in effect until liquidation of the Assets has begun and such declaration is no longer capable of being rescinded or annulled;
provided that, the Issuer shall nevertheless be entitled to designate an early termination date under and in accordance with the
terms of such Hedge Agreement.

Section 5.3. Collection of
Indebtedness and Suits for Enforcement by Collateral Trustee

The Issuer covenants
that if a default shall occur in respect of the payment of any principal of or interest when due and payable on any Note, it will,
upon demand of the Collateral Trustee, pay to the Collateral Trustee, for the benefit of the Holder of such Note, the whole amount,
if any, then due and payable on such Note for principal and interest with interest upon the overdue principal and, to the extent
that payments of such interest shall be legally enforceable, upon overdue installments of interest, at the applicable Interest Rate,
and, in addition thereto, such further amount as shall be sufficient to cover the costs and expenses of collection, including the
reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Collateral Trustee and its agents and counsel.

134

If the Issuer fails to pay such amounts
forthwith upon such demand, the Collateral Trustee, in its own name and as trustee of an express trust, may, and shall upon the written
direction of a Supermajority of the Controlling Class (subject to the Collateral Trustee's rights hereunder, including pursuant to
Section 6.1(c)(iv) and Section 6.3(d)), institute a Proceeding for the collection of the sums so due and unpaid, may prosecute
such Proceeding to judgment or final decree, and may enforce the same against the Issuer or any other Obligor upon the Debt and collect
the Monies adjudged or decreed to be payable in the manner provided by law out of the Assets.

If an Event of Default or Enforcement
Event occurs and is continuing, the Collateral Trustee may in its discretion, and shall (subject to its rights hereunder, including pursuant
to Section 6.1(c)(iv) and Section 6.3(d)) upon written direction of the Supermajority of the Controlling Class, proceed
to protect and enforce its rights and the rights of the Secured Parties by such appropriate Proceedings as the Collateral Trustee shall
deem most effectual (if no such direction is received by the Collateral Trustee) or as the Collateral Trustee may be directed by the Supermajority
of the Controlling Class, to protect and enforce any such rights, whether for the specific enforcement of any covenant or agreement in
this Indenture or in aid of the exercise of any power granted herein, or to enforce any other proper remedy or legal or equitable right
vested in the Collateral Trustee by this Indenture or by law.

In case there shall be pending Proceedings
relative to the Issuer or any other Obligor upon the Debt under the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or
other similar law, or in case a receiver, assignee or trustee in bankruptcy or reorganization, liquidator, sequestrator or similar official
shall have been appointed for or taken possession of the Issuer or its property or such other Obligor or its property, or in the case
of any other comparable Proceedings relative to the Issuer or other Obligor upon the Debt, or the creditors or property of the Issuer
or such other Obligor, the Collateral Trustee, regardless of whether the principal of any Note shall then be due and payable as therein
expressed or by declaration or otherwise and regardless of whether the Collateral Trustee shall have made any demand pursuant to the provisions
of this Section 5.3, shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such Proceedings or otherwise:

(a) to file and prove a claim or claims for the whole amount of principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Debt upon direction
by a Majority of the Controlling Class and to file such other papers or documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have
the claims of the Collateral Trustee (including any claim for reasonable compensation to the Collateral Trustee and each predecessor Collateral
Trustee, and their respective agents, attorneys and counsel, and for reimbursement of all reasonable expenses and liabilities incurred,
and all advances made, by the Collateral Trustee and each predecessor Collateral Trustee, except as a result of negligence or bad faith)
and of the Holders of the Debt allowed in any Proceedings relative to the Issuer or other Obligor upon the Debt or to the creditors or
property of the Issuer or such other Obligor;

(b) unless prohibited by applicable law and regulations, to vote on behalf of the Holders of the Debt upon the written direction of a
Majority of the Controlling Class, in any election of a trustee or a standby
trustee in arrangement, reorganization, liquidation or other bankruptcy or insolvency Proceedings or person performing similar functions
in comparable Proceedings; and

135

(c) to collect and receive any Monies or other property payable to or deliverable on any such claims, and to distribute all amounts received
with respect to the claims of the Holders and of the Collateral Trustee on their behalf; and any trustee, receiver or liquidator, custodian
or other similar official is hereby authorized by each of the Holders of the Debt to make payments to the Collateral Trustee, and, in
the event that the Collateral Trustee shall consent to the making of payments directly to the Holders of the Debt to pay to the Collateral
Trustee such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover reasonable compensation to the Collateral Trustee, each predecessor Collateral Trustee
and their respective agents, attorneys and counsel, and all other reasonable expenses and liabilities incurred, and all advances made,
by the Collateral Trustee and each predecessor Collateral Trustee except as a result of negligence or bad faith.

Nothing herein contained shall be deemed
to authorize the Collateral Trustee to authorize or consent to or vote for or accept or adopt on behalf of any Holders of the Debt, any
plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Debt or any Holder thereof, or to authorize the Collateral
Trustee to vote in respect of the claim of any Holders of the Debt, as applicable, in any such Proceeding except, as aforesaid, to vote
for the election of a trustee in bankruptcy or similar person.

In any Proceedings brought by the Collateral
Trustee on behalf of the Holders of the Debt (and any such Proceedings involving the interpretation of any provision of this Indenture
to which the Collateral Trustee shall be a party), the Collateral Trustee shall be held to represent all the Holders of the Debt.

Notwithstanding anything in this Section 5.3
to the contrary, the Collateral Trustee may not sell or liquidate the Assets or institute Proceedings in furtherance thereof pursuant
to this Section 5.3 except according to the provisions specified in Section 5.5(a).

Section 5.4. Remedies

(a) If the Maturity of the Debt has been accelerated as provided in Section 5.2(a) and such acceleration and its consequences
have not been rescinded and annulled as provided in Section 5.2(b) (an "Enforcement Event"), the Issuer agrees
that the Collateral Trustee may, and shall, upon written direction (with a copy to the Portfolio Manager) of a Supermajority of the Controlling
Class (subject to the Collateral Trustee's rights hereunder, including pursuant to Section 6.1(c)(iv) and Section 6.3(d)),
to the extent permitted by applicable law, exercise one or more of the following rights, privileges and remedies:

(i) institute Proceedings for the collection of all amounts then payable on the Debt or otherwise payable under this Indenture, whether
by declaration or otherwise, enforce any judgment obtained, and collect from
the Assets any Monies adjudged due;

136

(ii) sell or cause the sale of all or a portion of the Assets or rights or interests therein, at one or more public or private sales called
and conducted in any manner permitted by law and in accordance with this Section 5.4 and Section 5.17;

(iii) institute Proceedings from time to time for the complete or partial foreclosure of this Indenture with respect to the Assets;

(iv) exercise any remedies of a secured party under the UCC and take any other appropriate action to protect and enforce the rights and
remedies of the Collateral Trustee and the Holders of the Debt hereunder (including exercising all rights of the Collateral Trustee under
the Account Agreement); and

(v) exercise any other rights and remedies that may be available at law or in equity;

provided
that, the Collateral Trustee may not sell or liquidate the Assets or institute Proceedings in furtherance thereof pursuant
to this Section 5.4 except according to the provisions of Section 5.5(a).

The Collateral Trustee may, but need
not, obtain and rely upon an opinion or advice of an Independent investment banking firm of national reputation (the cost of which shall
be payable as an Administrative Expense) experienced in structuring and distributing securities similar to the Debt, which may be the
Placement Agents, the Structuring Agents or other appropriate advisors, as to the feasibility of any action proposed to be taken in accordance
with this Section 5.4 and as to the sufficiency of the proceeds and other amounts receivable with respect to the Assets to make the
required payments of principal of and interest on the Debt, which opinion or advice shall be conclusive evidence as to such feasibility
or sufficiency and the cost of which shall be commercially reasonable.

(b) If an Event of Default as described in Section 5.1(d) has occurred and is continuing the Collateral Trustee may, and at
the written direction of the Holders of a Majority of the Controlling Class in accordance with Section 5.8(b) shall (subject
to the Collateral Trustee's rights hereunder, including pursuant to Section 6.1(c)(iv) and Section 6.3(d)), institute a
Proceeding solely to compel performance of the covenant or agreement or to cure the representation or warranty, the breach of which gave
rise to the Event of Default under such Section 5.1(d), and enforce any equitable decree or order arising from such Proceeding.

(c) Subject to clause (e) below, upon any sale, whether made under the power of sale hereby given or by virtue of judicial Proceedings,
any Secured Party, and any Affiliate of the Issuer may bid for and purchase the Assets or any part thereof and, upon compliance with the terms of sale,
may hold, retain, possess or dispose of such property in its or their own absolute right without accountability.

137

Upon any sale, whether made under the
power of sale hereby given or by virtue of judicial Proceedings, the receipt of the Collateral Trustee, or of the Officer making a sale
under judicial Proceedings, shall be a sufficient discharge to the purchaser or purchasers at any sale for its or their purchase Money,
and such purchaser or purchasers shall not be obliged to see to the application thereof.

Any such sale, whether under any power
of sale hereby given or by virtue of judicial Proceedings, shall bind the Issuer, the Collateral Trustee and the Holders of the Debt,
shall operate to divest all right, title and interest whatsoever, either at law or in equity, of each of them in and to the property sold,
and shall be a perpetual bar, both at law and in equity, against each of them and their successors and assigns, and against any and all
Persons claiming through or under them.

(d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture, none of the Collateral Trustee, the Secured Parties or the beneficial owners
or Holders of any Debt may (and the beneficial owners and Holders of each Class of Debt agree, for the benefit of all beneficial
owners and Holders of each Class of Debt, that they shall not), prior to the date which is one year (or if longer, any applicable
preference period then in effect) plus one day after the payment in full of all Debt, institute against, or join any other Person
in instituting against, the Issuer, any bankruptcy, winding- up, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, winding-up, moratorium or liquidation
Proceedings, or other Proceedings under U.S. federal or state bankruptcy or similar laws. Nothing in this Section 5.4 shall preclude,
or be deemed to estop, the Collateral Trustee, any Secured Party or any Holder (i) from taking any action prior to the expiration
of the aforementioned period in (A) any case or Proceeding voluntarily filed or commenced by the Issuer or (B) any involuntary
insolvency Proceeding filed or commenced by a Person other than the Collateral Trustee, such Secured Party or such Holder, respectively,
or (ii) from commencing against the Issuer or any of its properties any legal action which is not a bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement,
insolvency, winding-up, moratorium or liquidation Proceeding.

(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, prior to the public sale of any Collateral Obligation made under the power
of sale hereby given in connection with an acceleration or other exercise of remedies, the Collateral Trustee
shall offer each of the Transferor and the Portfolio Manager or an Affiliate thereof a right of first refusal to purchase such
Collateral Obligation (exercisable within two Business Days after the related bid is provided by the Portfolio Manager to the
Collateral Trustee) at a price equal to the highest bid price determined by two of the nationally recognized loan pricing services
identified in clause (i) of the definition of Market Value received by the Portfolio Manager (and provided to the Collateral
Trustee) in accordance with this Indenture (or if only one bid price is available, such bid price). The Collateral Trustee shall
have no responsibility or liability for (i) selling a Collateral Obligation to the Transferor or the Portfolio Manager or an
Affiliate thereof as described above, or the inability of any such party to provide a firm bid or (ii) any delay, failure or
loss of value in liquidating a Collateral Obligation as a result of the requirements above.

138

Section 5.5. Optional
Preservation of Assets

(a) If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (other than an Event of Default specified in Section 5.1(e) or (f))
or an Enforcement Event has occurred (unless the Collateral Trustee has commenced remedies pursuant to Section 5.4), then the Portfolio
Manager may continue to direct sales and other dispositions, and purchases, of Collateral Obligations in accordance with and to the extent
permitted pursuant to Article XII and Section 4.4. If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or an Enforcement Event
has occurred, the Collateral Trustee shall retain the Assets securing the Debt intact (subject to the rights of the Portfolio Manager
pursuant to the preceding sentence), collect and cause the collection of the proceeds thereof and make and apply all payments and deposits
and maintain all accounts in respect of the Assets and the Debt in accordance with the Priority of Payments and the provisions of Article X,
Article XII and Article XIII, unless:

(i) the Collateral Trustee, pursuant to Section 5.5(c) and in consultation with the Portfolio Manager, determines that the anticipated
proceeds of a sale or liquidation of all or any portion of the Assets (after deducting the anticipated reasonable expenses of any such
sale or liquidation) would be sufficient to discharge in full the amounts then due (or, in the case of interest, accrued) and unpaid on
the Debt for principal and interest (including accrued and unpaid Deferred Interest) and all other amounts that, pursuant to the Priority
of Payments, are required to be paid prior to such payments on such Debt (including any amounts due and owing, and any amounts anticipated
to be due and owing), as Administrative Expenses (without regard to the Administrative Expense Cap), and the Portfolio Manager and a Majority
of the Controlling Class agrees with such determination; or

(ii) in the case of an Event of Default pursuant to Sections 5.1(a), (e), (f) or (g) (without regard to the occurrence of any
other Event of Default prior or subsequent to the occurrence of such Event of Default), (x) for so long as any Class A-1 Debt
remains Outstanding, a Supermajority of the Class A-1 Debt directs the sale and liquidation of the Assets and (y) at any time
when no Class A-1 Debt is Outstanding, a Supermajority of each Class of Debt (voting separately by Class) directs the sale and
liquidation of the Assets; or

(iii) in the case of an Event of Default pursuant to Sections 5.1(b), (c) or (d), a Supermajority of each Class of the Debt (voting
separately by Class) directs the sale and liquidation of the Assets.

Directions by Holders
under clauses (ii) and (iii) above will be effective when delivered to the Issuer, the Collateral Trustee and the
Portfolio Manager. For the avoidance of doubt, for the purposes of this Section 5.5, the Class A-1 Debt will constitute
and vote together as a single Class and the Class A-2 Debt will constitute and vote together as a single Class.

139

(b) Nothing contained in Section 5.5(a) shall be construed to require the Collateral Trustee to sell the Assets securing the
Debt if the conditions set forth in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) of Section 5.5(a) are
not satisfied. Nothing contained in Section 5.5(a) shall be construed to require the Collateral Trustee to preserve the Assets
securing the Debt if prohibited by applicable law.

(c) In determining whether the condition specified in Section 5.5(a)(i) exists, the Collateral Trustee shall obtain, with the
cooperation and assistance of the Portfolio Manager, bid prices with respect to each security contained in the Assets from two nationally
recognized dealers (as specified (if possible) by the Portfolio Manager in writing) at the time making a market in such securities and
shall compute the anticipated proceeds of sale or liquidation on the basis of the lower of such bid prices for each such security. In
the event that the Collateral Trustee, with the reasonable cooperation of the Portfolio Manager, is only able to obtain bid prices with
respect to each Asset from one nationally recognized dealer (as specified by the Portfolio Manager in writing) at the time making a market
in such Assets, the Collateral Trustee shall compute the anticipated proceeds of the sale or liquidation on the basis of such one bid
price for each such Asset. If the Collateral Trustee is unable to obtain any bids, the condition specified in Section 5.5(a)(i) shall
be deemed to not be satisfied. In addition, for the purposes of determining issues relating to the execution of a sale or liquidation
of the Assets and the execution of a sale or other liquidation thereof in connection with a determination whether the condition specified
in Section 5.5(a)(i) exists, the Collateral Trustee may retain and rely on an opinion or advice of an Independent investment
banking firm of national reputation or other appropriate advisors (the cost of which shall be commercially reasonable and payable as an
Administrative Expense).

The Collateral Trustee shall deliver
to the Holders and the Portfolio Manager a report stating the results of any determination required pursuant to Section 5.5(a)(i) no
later than 10 days after such determination is made. The Collateral Trustee shall make the determinations required by Section 5.5(a)(i) at
the written request of a Supermajority of the Controlling Class at any time during which the second sentence of Section 5.5(a) applies;
provided that, any such request made more frequently than once in any 90-day period shall be at the expense of such requesting
party or parties.

(d) The Collateral Trustee shall promptly give written notice to each Rating Agency then rating any Debt that remain Outstanding of any
such liquidation of the Assets (or subsequent rescission thereof) pursuant to this Section 5.5.

140

Section 5.6. Collateral
Trustee May Enforce Claims Without Possession of Debt

All rights of action and claims under
this Indenture or under any of the Debt may be prosecuted and enforced by the Collateral Trustee without the possession of any of the
Debt or the production thereof in any trial or other Proceeding relating thereto, and any such action or Proceeding instituted by the
Collateral Trustee shall be brought in its own name as trustee and any recovery of judgment shall be applied as set forth in Section 5.7.

Section 5.7. Application
of Money Collected

Following the commencement of exercise
of remedies by the Collateral Trustee pursuant to Section 5.4, any Money collected by the Collateral Trustee with respect to the
Debt pursuant to this Article V and any Money that may then be held or thereafter received by the Collateral Trustee with respect
to the Debt hereunder shall be applied, subject to Section 13.1 and in accordance with the Special Priority of Payments, at the date
or dates fixed by the Collateral Trustee. Upon the final distribution of all proceeds of any liquidation effected hereunder, the provisions
of Section 4.1(b) shall be deemed satisfied for the purposes of discharging this Indenture pursuant to Article IV.

Section 5.8. Limitation
on Suits

No Holder of any Debt shall have any
right to institute any Proceedings, judicial or otherwise, with respect to this Indenture or the Class A Credit Agreements, any other
Transaction Document, any of the Debt or any other matter related thereto, or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee, or for any
other remedy hereunder or under the Class A Credit Agreements, unless:

(a) such Holder previously has given to the Collateral Trustee (with a copy to the Portfolio Manager) written notice of an Event of Default;

(b) the Holders of a Majority of the Controlling Class shall have made a written request upon the Collateral Trustee to institute
Proceedings in respect of such Event of Default in its own name as Collateral Trustee hereunder and such Holder or Holders have provided
the Collateral Trustee indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Trustee against the costs, expenses (including
reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses) and liabilities to be incurred in compliance with such request;

(c) the Collateral Trustee, for 30 days after its receipt of such notice, request and provision of such indemnity to the Collateral Trustee,
has failed to institute any such Proceeding; and

(d) no direction inconsistent with such written request has been given to the Collateral Trustee during such 30-day period by a Supermajority
of the Controlling Class; it being understood and intended that no one or more Holders shall have any right in any manner whatever by
virtue of, or by availing itself of, any provision of this Indenture to affect, disturb or prejudice the rights of any other Holders of
Debt of the same Class or to obtain or to seek to obtain priority or preference over any other Holders of the Debt of the same Class or
to enforce any right under this Indenture, except in the manner herein provided and for the equal and ratable benefit of all the Holders
of Debt of the same Class subject to and in accordance with Section 13.1 and the Priority of Payments.

141

In the event the Collateral Trustee
shall receive conflicting or inconsistent requests and indemnity pursuant to this Section 5.8 from two or more groups of Holders
of the Controlling Class, each representing less than a Majority of the Controlling Class, the Collateral Trustee shall act in accordance
with the request specified by the group of Holders with the greatest percentage of the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Controlling
Class, notwithstanding any other provisions of this Indenture. If all such groups represent the same percentage, the Collateral Trustee,
in its sole discretion, may determine what action, if any, shall be taken.

Section 5.9. Unconditional
Rights of Holders to Receive Principal and Interest

Subject to Section 2.7(i), but
notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture, the Holder of any Note shall have the right, which is absolute and unconditional,
to receive payment of the principal of and interest on such Note (including, in the case of Deferred Interest Debt, any Deferred Interest),
as such principal, interest and other amounts become due and payable in accordance with the Priority of Payments and Section 13.1,
as the case may be, and, subject to the provisions of Section 5.4 and Section 5.8, to institute proceedings for the enforcement
of any such payment, and such right shall not be impaired without the consent of such Holder. Holders of Debt ranking junior to Debt still
Outstanding shall have no right to institute Proceedings for the enforcement of any such payment until such time as no Note ranking senior
to such Note remains Outstanding, which right shall be subject to the provisions of Section 5.4(d) and Section 5.8, and
shall not be impaired without the consent of any such Holder.

Section 5.10. Restoration of Rights and Remedies

If the Collateral Trustee or any Holder
has instituted any Proceeding to enforce any right or remedy under this Indenture and such Proceeding has been discontinued or abandoned
for any reason, or has been determined adversely to the Collateral Trustee or to such Holder, then and in every such case the Issuer,
the Collateral Trustee and the Holder shall, subject to any determination in such Proceeding, be restored severally and respectively to
their former positions hereunder, and thereafter all rights and remedies of the Collateral Trustee and the Holder shall continue as though
no such Proceeding had been instituted.

Section 5.11. Rights and Remedies Cumulative

No right or remedy herein conferred
upon or reserved to the Collateral Trustee or to the Holders is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every right
and remedy shall, to the extent permitted by law, be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now
or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall
not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other appropriate right or remedy.

Section 5.12. Delay
or Omission Not Waiver

No delay or omission
of the Collateral Trustee or any Holder of Debt to exercise any right or remedy accruing upon any Event of Default or Enforcement
Event shall impair any such right or remedy or constitute a waiver of any such Event of Default or Enforcement Event or an
acquiescence therein or of a subsequent Event of Default or Enforcement Event. Every right and remedy given by this Article V
or by law to the Collateral Trustee or to the Holders of the Debt may be exercised from time to time, and as often as may be deemed
expedient, by the Collateral Trustee or by the Holders of the Debt.

142

Section 5.13. Control by Supermajority of Controlling
Class

Notwithstanding any other provision
of this Indenture, a Supermajority of the Controlling Class shall have the right following the occurrence, and during the continuance
of, an Event of Default or Enforcement Event to cause the institution of and direct the time, method and place of conducting any Proceeding
for any remedy available to the Collateral Trustee or exercising any trust or power conferred upon the Collateral Trustee under this Indenture;
provided, that:

(a) such direction shall not conflict with any rule of law or with any express provision of this Indenture;

(b) the Collateral Trustee may take any other action deemed proper by the Collateral Trustee that is not inconsistent with such direction;
provided, that subject to Section 6.1, the Collateral Trustee need not take any action that it determines might involve it
in liability (unless the Collateral Trustee has received the indemnity as set forth in clause (c) below);

(c) the Collateral Trustee shall have been provided with security or indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it; and

(d) notwithstanding the foregoing, any direction to the Collateral Trustee to undertake a Sale and liquidation of the Assets must satisfy
the requirements of Section 5.5.

Section 5.14. Waiver of Past Defaults

Prior to the time a judgment or decree
for payment of the Money due has been obtained by the Collateral Trustee, as provided in this Article V, a Majority of the Controlling
Class may on behalf of the Holders of all the Debt waive (i) any past Event of Default, (ii) any occurrence that is, or
with notice or the lapse of time or both would become, an Event of Default and (iii) any future occurrence that would give rise to
an Event of Default of a type previously waived and its consequences, except any such Event of Default or occurrence:

(a) in the payment of the principal of or interest on any Note (which may be waived only with the consent of the Holder of such Note);

(b) in respect of a covenant or provision hereof that under Section 8.2 cannot be modified or amended without the waiver or consent
of the Holder of each Outstanding Note materially and adversely affected thereby (which may be waived only with the consent of each such
Holder); or

(c) in respect of a representation contained in Section 7.19 (which may be waived by a Majority of the Controlling Class if
the S&P Rating Condition is satisfied).

143

In the case of any such waiver, the
Issuer, the Collateral Trustee and the Holders shall be restored to their former positions and rights hereunder, respectively, but no
such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereto. The Collateral Trustee shall
promptly give written notice of any such waiver to the Rating Agency, the Portfolio Manager and each Holder.

Upon any such waiver (other than a
waiver of a future event), such Event of Default shall cease to exist, and any Event of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have
been cured, for every purpose of this Indenture. Any waiver of any future occurrence must be revocable by a Majority of the Controlling
Class, and may also be specifically limited to a designated period of time.

Section 5.15. Undertaking for Costs

All parties to this Indenture agree,
and each Holder of any Note by such Holder's acceptance thereof shall be deemed to have agreed, that any court may in its discretion require,
in any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under this Indenture, or in any suit against the Collateral Trustee for any action
taken, or omitted by it as the Collateral Trustee, the filing by any party litigant in such suit of an undertaking to pay the costs of
such suit, and that such court may in its discretion assess reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, against any party
litigant in such suit, having due regard to the merits and good faith of the claims or defenses made by such party litigant; but the provisions
of this Section 5.15 shall not apply to any suit instituted by the Collateral Trustee, to any suit instituted by any Holder, or group
of Holders, holding in the aggregate more than 10% in Aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Class, or to any suit instituted
by any Holder for the enforcement of the payment of the principal of or interest on any Note on or after the applicable Stated Maturity
(or, in the case of redemption, on or after the applicable Redemption Date).

Section 5.16. Waiver of Stay or Extension Laws

The Issuer covenants (to the extent
that they may lawfully do so) that it will not at any time insist upon, or plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit
or advantage of, any stay or extension law or any valuation, appraisement, redemption or marshalling law or rights, in each case wherever
enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, which may affect the covenants, the performance of or any remedies under this Indenture;
and the Issuer (to the extent permitted by law) hereby expressly waives all benefit or advantage of any such law or rights, and covenants
that it will not hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Collateral Trustee, but will suffer and permit
the execution of every such power as though no such law had been enacted or rights created.

Section 5.17. Sale of Assets

(a) The power to effect any sale (a "Sale") of any portion of the Assets pursuant to Sections 5.4 and 5.5 shall not be
exhausted by any one or more Sales as to any portion of such Assets remaining unsold, but shall continue unimpaired until the entire Assets
shall have been sold or all amounts secured by the Assets shall have been paid. The Collateral Trustee may upon notice to the Holders
(with a copy to the Portfolio Manager), and shall, upon direction of a Majority of the Controlling Class, from time to time postpone any
Sale by public announcement made at the time and place of such Sale; provided, that this Section 5.17 shall be qualified in
its entirety by reference to Section 5.4(e). The Collateral Trustee hereby expressly waives its rights to any amount fixed by law
as compensation for any Sale; provided that, the Collateral Trustee and the Portfolio Manager shall be authorized to deduct the
reasonable costs, charges and expenses incurred by it in connection with such Sale from the proceeds thereof notwithstanding the provisions
of Section 6.7.

144

(b) Subject to Section 5.4(e), the Collateral Trustee may bid for and acquire any portion of the Assets in connection with a public
Sale thereof, and may pay all or part of the purchase price by crediting against amounts owing on the Debt or other amounts secured by
the Assets, all or part of the net proceeds of such Sale after deducting the reasonable costs, charges and expenses (including costs and
expenses of counsel and agents) incurred by the Collateral Trustee in connection with such Sale notwithstanding the provisions of Section 6.7.
The Debt need not be produced in order to complete any such Sale, or in order for the net proceeds of such Sale to be credited against
amounts owing on the Debt. The Collateral Trustee may hold, lease, operate, manage or otherwise deal with any property so acquired in
any manner permitted by law in accordance with this Indenture.

(c) If any portion of the Assets consists of securities issued without registration under the Securities Act ("Unregistered Securities"),
the Collateral Trustee may seek an Opinion of Counsel, or, if no such Opinion of Counsel can be obtained and with the consent of a Majority
of the Controlling Class, seek a no action position from the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other relevant federal or state
regulatory authorities, regarding the legality of a public or private Sale of such Unregistered Securities.

(d) The Collateral Trustee shall execute and deliver an appropriate instrument of conveyance transferring its interest in any portion
of the Assets in connection with a Sale thereof, without recourse, representation or warranty. In addition, the Collateral Trustee is
hereby irrevocably appointed the agent and attorney in fact of the Issuer to transfer and convey its interest in any portion of the Assets
in connection with a Sale thereof, and to take all action necessary to effect such Sale. No purchaser or transferee at such a sale shall
be bound to ascertain the Collateral Trustee's authority, to inquire into the satisfaction of any conditions precedent or see to the application
of any Monies.

(e) Without limiting any rights of any party under Section 5.4(e), and notwithstanding any prior notice delivered thereunder, the
Collateral Trustee shall provide notice as soon as reasonably practicable of any public Sale to the Holders of the Interests, and the
Holders of the Interests and the Portfolio Manager shall be permitted to participate in any such public Sale to the extent permitted by
applicable law and to the extent such Holders or the Portfolio Manager, as applicable, meet any applicable eligibility requirements with
respect to such Sale.

145

Section 5.18. Action on the Debt

The Collateral Trustee's right to seek
and recover judgment on the Debt or under this Indenture shall not be affected by the seeking or obtaining of or application for any other
relief under or with respect to this Indenture. Neither the lien of this Indenture nor any rights or remedies of the Collateral Trustee
or the Holders shall be impaired by the recovery of any judgment by the Collateral Trustee against the Issuer or by the levy of any execution
under such judgment upon any portion of the Assets or upon any of the assets of the Issuer.

ARTICLE VI

THE COLLATERAL TRUSTEE

Section 6.1. Certain Duties and Responsibilities

(a) Except during the occurrence and continuation of an Event of Default:

(i) the Collateral Trustee undertakes to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically set forth in this Indenture, and
no implied covenants or obligations shall be read into this Indenture or the Class A Credit Agreements against the Collateral Trustee;
and

(ii) in the absence of bad faith on its part, the Collateral Trustee may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness
of the opinions expressed therein, upon certificates, advice or opinions furnished to the Collateral Trustee and conforming to the requirements
of this Indenture; provided that, in the case of any such certificates, advice or opinions which by any provision hereof are specifically
required to be furnished to the Collateral Trustee, the Collateral Trustee shall be under a duty to examine the same to determine whether
or not they substantially conform on their face to the requirements of this Indenture and shall promptly, but in any event within three
Business Days in the case of an Officer's certificate furnished by the Portfolio Manager, notify the party delivering the same if such
certificate or opinion does not conform. If a corrected form shall not have been delivered to the Collateral Trustee within 15 days after
such notice from the Collateral Trustee, the Collateral Trustee shall so notify the Holders (with a copy to the Portfolio Manager).

(b) If an Event of Default actually known to the Collateral Trustee has occurred and is continuing, the Collateral Trustee shall, prior
to the receipt of directions, if any, from a Majority (or Supermajority, as applicable) of the Controlling Class, or such other percentage
or Class as permitted by this Indenture, exercise such of the rights and powers vested in it by this Indenture, including providing
direction to the Collateral Trustee on behalf of the Holders and use the same degree of care and skill in its exercise, as a prudent person
would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of such person's own affairs.

146

(c) No provision of this Indenture shall be construed to relieve the Collateral Trustee from liability for its own negligent action, its
own negligent failure to act, or its own willful misconduct, except that:

(i) this subsection shall not be construed to limit the effect of subsection (a) of this Section 6.1;

(ii) the Collateral Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by a Bank Officer, unless it shall be proven
that the Collateral Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts;

(iii) the Collateral Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in accordance
with the direction of the Issuer or the Portfolio Manager in accordance with this Indenture and/or a Majority (or such other percentage
as may be required by the terms hereof) of the Controlling Class (or other Class if required or permitted by the terms hereof),
relating to the time, method and place of conducting any Proceeding for any remedy available to the Collateral Trustee, or exercising
any trust or power conferred upon the Collateral Trustee, under this Indenture;

(iv) no provision of this Indenture shall require the Collateral Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial
liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder, or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers contemplated hereunder,
if it shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity satisfactory to it against such risk
or liability is not reasonably assured to it unless such risk or liability relates to the performance of its ordinary services, including
providing notices under Article V, under this Indenture; and

(v) in no event shall the Collateral Trustee be liable for special, indirect, punitive or consequential loss or damage (including lost
profits) even if the Collateral Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such losses or damages and regardless of such action.

(d) For all purposes under this Indenture, the Collateral Trustee shall not be deemed to have notice or knowledge of any Event of Default
described in Sections 5.1(c), (d), (e), (f) or (g) unless a Bank Officer assigned to and working in the Corporate Trust Office
has actual knowledge thereof or unless written notice of any event which is in fact such an Event of Default or Default is received by
a Bank Officer of the Collateral Trustee at the Corporate Trust Office, and such notice references the Debt generally, the Issuer, the
Assets or this Indenture. For purposes of determining the Collateral Trustee's responsibility and liability hereunder, whenever reference
is made in this Indenture to such an Event of Default or a Default, such reference shall be construed to refer only to such an Event of Default or Default of which the
Collateral Trustee is deemed to have notice as described in this Section 6.1.

147

(e) The Collateral Trustee will deliver all notices to the Holders forwarded to the Collateral Trustee by the Issuer or the Portfolio
Manager for such purpose. Upon the Collateral Trustee receiving written
notice from the Portfolio Manager that an event constituting "cause" as defined in the Portfolio Management Agreement has occurred,
the Collateral Trustee shall, not later than three Business Days thereafter, notify the Holders.

(f) Whether or not therein expressly so provided, every provision of this Indenture relating to the conduct or affecting the liability
of or affording protection to the Collateral Trustee shall be subject to the provisions of this Section 6.1.

(g) The Collateral Trustee shall, upon reasonable (but no less than three Business Days') prior written notice to the Collateral Trustee,
permit any representative of a Holder of a Note, during the Collateral Trustee's normal business hours, to examine all books of account,
records, reports and other papers of the Collateral Trustee (other than items protected by attorney-client privilege) relating to the
Debt, to make copies and extracts therefrom (the reasonable out of pocket expenses incurred in making any such copies or extracts to be
reimbursed to the Collateral Trustee by such Holder) and to discuss the Collateral Trustee's actions, as such actions relate to the Collateral
Trustee's duties with respect to the Debt, with the Collateral Trustee's Officers and employees responsible for carrying out the Collateral
Trustee's duties with respect to the Debt; provided that, no reports prepared by the Issuer's Independent certified public accountants
will be available for examination in violation of any confidentiality provisions contained therein.

(h) If within 80 calendar days of delivery of financial information or disbursements (which delivery may be via posting to the Collateral
Trustee's Website) the Bank receives written notice of an error or omission related thereto and, within five calendar days following the
Bank's providing a copy of such notice to the Portfolio Manager and the Issuer, the Portfolio Manager or the Issuer confirms such error
or omission, the Bank shall use reasonable efforts to correct such error or omission and such use of reasonable efforts shall be the only
obligation of the Bank in connection therewith. Beyond such period the Bank shall not be required to take any action and shall have no
responsibility for the same. In no event shall the Bank be obligated to take any action at any time at the request or direction of any
Person unless such Person shall have offered to the Bank indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it.

(i) The Collateral Trustee shall not have any obligation to (i) confirm the compliance by the Issuer, the Retention Holder or any
other Person with Securitization Laws, U.S. Risk Retention Rules or the retention
requirements of any other jurisdiction or (ii) determine or monitor whether a Retention Deficiency occurs.

(j) The Collateral Trustee is authorized, at the request of the Portfolio Manager, to accept directions or otherwise enter into agreements
regarding the remittance of fees owing to the Portfolio Manager.

148

(k) The Collateral Trustee shall have no obligation to determine or verify the owners of the Interests in the Issuer. In connection with
the provision of notices to such owners or the acceptance of an approval,
consent or instruction therefrom, the Collateral Trustee shall be entitled to (i) provide any such notice to the Issuer as described
in Section 14.4 hereof and (ii) conclusively rely upon any notice from the Issuer (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) as
to any notice, consent, approval or instruction from the owners of the Interests, and shall have no liability for any failure or delay
in acting hereunder as a result of a failure or delay on the part of the Issuer or the owners of such Interests to provide such notice,
consent, approval or instruction.

(l) The Collateral Trustee shall have no obligation to determine or verify (i) if a Substitution Event has occurred, (ii) whether
a Substitution Period has expired or if the Substitute Collateral Obligations Qualification Conditions in connection with any substitution
have been satisfied, (iii) whether the Workout Test is satisfied or whether the conditions to a Distressed Exchange or Swapped Defaulted
Obligation Transaction have been satisfied, or (iv) the satisfaction of the Repurchase and Substitution Limit in connection with
any repurchase or substitution or the satisfaction of the Effective Date Interest Deposit Requirements or the calculation of the Transfer
Deposit Amount in connection therewith.

(m) The Collateral Trustee shall have no liability or responsibility for (i) the determination or selection of an Fallback Rate (including,
without limitation, whether the conditions for the designation of such rate have been satisfied or whether any such rate constitutes a
Fallback Rate), (ii) the requirements for an Exchange Transaction, (iii) the determination of Exchanged Equity Security Excess
Proceeds, and makes no representation or warranty in respect of the sufficiency or validity of the Loan Sale Agreement or the terms thereof,
(iv) the determination of Restructured Asset Proceeds or (v) the determination of whether a Retention Deficiency has occurred.

(n) The Collateral Trustee is hereby authorized and directed to enter into the Retention Undertaking Letter and the Class A Credit
Agreements. In connection with its execution and delivery of such agreements, and the performance of its duties thereunder, the Collateral
Trustee shall be entitled to all rights, benefits, protections, immunities and indemnities provided to it under this Indenture, mutatis
mutandis.

Section 6.2. Notice of
Default

Promptly (and in no event later than
three Business Days) after the occurrence of any Default actually known to, or after receipt of written notice thereof by, a Bank Officer
of the Collateral Trustee or after any declaration of acceleration has been made or delivered to the Collateral Trustee pursuant to Section 5.2,
the Collateral Trustee shall notify the Portfolio Manager, the Rating Agency and all Holders of any such Default hereunder and any such
declaration of acceleration, unless such Default shall have been cured or waived or such declaration of acceleration has been rescinded,
as applicable.

149

Section 6.3. Certain Rights of Collateral Trustee

Except as otherwise provided in Section 6.1:

(a) the Collateral Trustee may conclusively rely and shall be fully protected in acting or refraining from acting upon any resolution,
certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, electronic communication, notice, request, direction, consent, order, note or other
paper or document believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or presented by the proper party or parties;

(b) any request or direction of the Issuer mentioned herein shall be sufficiently evidenced by an Issuer Request or Issuer Order, as the
case may be;

(c) as a condition to the taking or omitting of any action by it hereunder, the Collateral Trustee may consult with counsel and the advice
of such counsel or any Opinion of Counsel shall be full and complete authorization and protection in respect of any action taken or omitted
by it hereunder in good faith and in reliance thereon;

(d) the Collateral Trustee shall be under no obligation to exercise or to honor any of the rights or powers vested in it by this Indenture
at the request or direction of any of the Holders pursuant to this Indenture, unless such Holders shall have provided to the Collateral
Trustee security or indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses)
and liabilities which might reasonably be incurred by it in compliance with such request or direction;

(e) the Collateral Trustee shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate,
statement, instrument, opinion, report, electronic communication, notice, request, direction, consent, order, note or other paper or document,
but the Collateral Trustee, in its discretion, may, and upon the written direction of a Majority of the Controlling Class shall (subject
to the right of the Collateral Trustee hereunder to be satisfactorily indemnified), make such further inquiry or investigation into such
facts or matters as it may see fit or as it shall be directed, and the Collateral Trustee shall be entitled, on reasonable prior notice
(but in any case, not less than five Business Days) to the Issuer and the Portfolio Manager, to examine the books and records relating
to the Debt and the Assets, personally or by agent or attorney, during the Issuer's or the Portfolio Manager's normal business hours;
provided that, the Collateral Trustee shall, and shall cause its agents to, hold in confidence all such information, except (i) to
the extent disclosure may be required by law or any Governmental Authority and (ii) to the extent that the Collateral Trustee, in
its sole discretion, may determine that such disclosure is consistent with its obligations hereunder; provided, further,
that the Collateral Trustee may disclose on a confidential basis any such information to its agents, attorneys and auditors in connection
with the performance of its responsibilities hereunder so long as the Collateral Trustee causes such agents, attorneys and auditors to
hold in confidence all such information;

(f) the
Collateral Trustee may execute any of the trusts or powers hereunder or perform any duties
hereunder either directly or by or through agents or attorneys; provided that, the Collateral Trustee shall
not be responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the part of any non-Affiliated agent appointed, or non-Affiliated attorney appointed,
with due care by it hereunder;

150

(g) the Collateral Trustee shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith that it reasonably believes to be
authorized or within its rights or powers hereunder, including acting or refraining from acting at the direction of the Portfolio Manager;

(h) nothing herein shall be construed to impose an obligation on the part of the Collateral Trustee to recalculate, monitor, evaluate
or verify or independently determine the accuracy of any report, certificate or information received from the Issuer or Portfolio Manager
(unless and except to the extent otherwise expressly set forth herein);

(i) to the extent any defined term hereunder, or any calculation required to be made or determined by the Collateral Trustee hereunder,
is dependent upon or defined by reference to generally accepted accounting principles (as in effect in the United States) ("GAAP"),
the Collateral Trustee shall be entitled to request and receive (and rely upon) instruction from the Issuer, from a firm of nationally
recognized accountants (which may or may not be the Independent accountants appointed by the Issuer pursuant
to Section 10.9(a)) or the accountants identified in the Accountants' Report (and in the absence of its receipt of timely instruction
therefrom, shall be entitled to obtain from an Independent accountant at the expense of the Issuer) as to the application of GAAP in such
connection, in any instance;

(j) the Collateral Trustee shall not be liable for the actions or omissions of, or any inaccuracies in the records of, the Portfolio Manager,
the Issuer, the Transferor, the EU/UK Retention Holder, DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream or any other clearing agency or depository or any
Paying Agent (other than the Collateral Trustee), and without limiting the foregoing, the Collateral Trustee shall not be under any obligation
to monitor, evaluate or verify compliance by the Portfolio Manager with the terms hereof or of the Portfolio Management Agreement, or
by the Transferor with the terms of the Loan Sale Agreement or by the EU/UK Retention Holder under the Retention Undertaking Letter, or
to verify or independently determine (i) whether the Portfolio Manager has the authority to provide an instruction hereunder or under
another Transaction Document or (ii) the accuracy of information received by the Collateral Trustee from the Portfolio Manager (or
from any selling institution, agent bank, trustee or similar source) with respect to the Assets;

(k) notwithstanding any term hereof (or any term of the UCC that might otherwise be construed to be applicable to a Securities Intermediary)
to the contrary, neither the Collateral Trustee nor the Custodian shall be under a duty or obligation in connection with the acquisition
or Grant by the Issuer to the Collateral Trustee of any item constituting the Assets, or to evaluate the sufficiency of the documents
or instruments delivered to it by or on behalf of the Issuer in connection with its Grant or otherwise, or in that regard to examine any
Underlying Instrument, in each case, in order to determine compliance with applicable requirements
of and restrictions on transfer in respect of such Assets;

151

(l) in the event the Bank (or an Affiliate) is also acting in the capacity of Paying Agent, Registrar, Transfer Agent, Calculation Agent
or Custodian, the rights, protections, benefits, immunities and indemnities afforded to the Collateral Trustee pursuant to this Article VI
shall also be afforded to the Bank (or such Affiliate) acting in such capacities; provided that, such rights, protections, benefits,
immunities and indemnities shall be in addition to any rights, immunities and indemnities provided in the Account Agreement or any other
documents to which the Bank (or such Affiliate) in such capacity is a party; provided further that the foregoing shall not be construed
to impose upon such Person the duties or standard of care (including any prudent person standard) of the Collateral Trustee;

(m) any permissive right of the Collateral Trustee to take or refrain from taking actions enumerated in this Indenture shall not be construed
as a duty;

(n) to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Collateral Trustee shall not be required to give any bond or surety in respect of the
execution of this Indenture or otherwise;

(o) the Collateral Trustee shall not be deemed to have notice or knowledge of any matter unless a Bank Officer has actual knowledge thereof
or unless written notice thereof is received by the Collateral Trustee at the Corporate Trust Office and such notice references the Debt
generally, the Issuer or this Indenture;

(p) the Collateral Trustee shall not be responsible for delays or failures in performance resulting from circumstances beyond its control
(such circumstances include but are not limited to acts of God, disease, epidemic, pandemic, quarantine, national emergency, strikes,
lockouts, riots, acts of war, loss or malfunctions of utilities, computer (hardware or software) or communications services); provided
that, the Collateral Trustee shall use commercially reasonable efforts consistent with accepted practices in the banking industry to resume
performance hereunder as soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances;

(q) to the extent not inconsistent herewith, the rights, protections, indemnities and immunities afforded to the Collateral Trustee pursuant
to this Indenture also shall be afforded to the Collateral Administrator; provided that, such rights, protections, immunities
and indemnities shall be in addition to any rights, protections, immunities and indemnities provided in the Collateral Administration
Agreement; provided further that the foregoing shall not be construed to impose upon the Collateral Administrator the duties or
standard of care (including any prudent person standard) of the Collateral Trustee;

(r) in making or disposing of any investment permitted by this Indenture, the Collateral Trustee is authorized to deal with itself
(in its individual capacity) or with any one or more of its Affiliates, in each case on an arm's-length basis, whether it or such Affiliate is acting as a subagent of
the Collateral Trustee or for any third person or dealing as principal for its own account. If otherwise qualified, obligations of the
Bank or any of its Affiliates shall qualify as Eligible Investments hereunder;

152

(s) the Collateral Trustee or its Affiliates are permitted to receive additional compensation that could be deemed to be in the Collateral
Trustee's economic self- interest for (i) serving as investment adviser, administrator, shareholder, servicing agent, custodian or
subcustodian with respect to certain of the Eligible Investments, (ii) using Affiliates to effect
transactions in certain Eligible Investments and (iii) effecting transactions in certain Eligible Investments. Such compensation
is not payable or reimbursable under Section 6.7;

(t) the Collateral Trustee shall have no duty (i) to see to any recording, filing, or depositing of this Indenture or any supplemental
indenture or any financing statement or continuation statement evidencing a security interest, or to see to the maintenance of any such
recording, filing or depositing or to any rerecording, refiling or redepositing of any thereof or to see to monitoring the perfection,
continuation of perfection or the sufficiency or validity of any security interest in or related to the Assets or (ii) to maintain
any insurance;

(u) whenever in the administration of this Indenture the Collateral Trustee shall (i) deem it desirable that a matter be proved or
established prior to taking, suffering or omitting any action hereunder, the Collateral Trustee (unless other evidence be herein specifically
prescribed) may, in the absence of bad faith on its part, request and conclusively rely upon an Officer's certificate or Issuer Order,
or (ii) be required to determine the value of any Assets or funds hereunder or the cash flows projected to be received therefrom,
the Collateral Trustee may, in the absence of bad faith on its part, rely on reports of nationally recognized accountants (which may or
may not be the Independent accountants appointed by the Issuer), investment bankers or other Persons qualified to provide the information
required to make such determination, including nationally recognized dealers in securities of the type being valued and securities quotation
services;

(v) the Collateral Trustee will be under no obligation to (i) confirm or verify whether the conditions to the Delivery of the Assets
have been satisfied or (ii) determine whether or not a Collateral Obligation, Eligible Investment, Workout Loan, Workout Security
or Equity Security is eligible for purchase or exchange hereunder or meets the criteria in the definition thereof; and

(w) to comply with applicable laws, regulations and internal policies relating to combatting money-laundering and terrorism financing,
the Collateral Trustee will obtain, verify and record information that identifies individuals or entities that establish a relationship
or open an account with the Collateral Trustee. The Collateral Trustee will ask for the name, address, tax identification number and other
information that will allow the Collateral Trustee to identify the individual or entity who is establishing the relationship or opening
the account. The Collateral Trustee may also ask for formation documents such as articles
of incorporation, an offering memorandum or other identifying documents to be provided.

153

Section 6.4. Not
Responsible for Recitals or Issuance of Debt

The recitals contained herein and in
the Debt, other than the Certificate of Authentication with respect to the Debt thereon, shall be taken as the statements of the Issuer;
and the Collateral Trustee assumes no responsibility for their correctness. The Collateral Trustee makes no representation as to the validity
or sufficiency of this Indenture (except as may be made with respect to the validity of the Collateral Trustee's obligations hereunder),
the Transaction Documents, the Assets or the Debt. The Collateral Trustee shall not be accountable for the use or application by the Issuer
of the Debt or the proceeds thereof or any Money paid to the Issuer pursuant to the provisions hereof.

Section 6.5. May Hold Debt

The Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent,
any Paying Agent, Registrar or any other agent of the Issuer, in its individual or any other capacity, may become the owner or pledgee
of Debt and may otherwise deal with the Issuer or any of its Affiliates with the same rights it would have if it were not the Collateral
Trustee, the Loan Agent, Paying Agent, Registrar or such other agent.

Section 6.6. Money Held in Trust

Money held by the Collateral Trustee
hereunder shall be held in trust to the extent required herein. The Collateral Trustee shall be under no liability for interest on any
Money received by it hereunder except to the extent of income or other gain on investments which are deposits in or certificates of deposit
of the Bank in its commercial capacity and income or other gain actually received by the Collateral Trustee on Eligible Investments.

Section 6.7. Compensation and Reimbursement

(a) The Issuer agrees:

(i) to pay the Collateral Trustee (and the Bank in all its capacities) on each Payment Date reasonable compensation, as set forth in a
separate fee schedule, for all services rendered by it hereunder (which compensation shall not be limited by any provision of law in regard
to the compensation of a trustee of an express trust);

(ii) except as expressly provided herein, to reimburse the Collateral Trustee in a timely manner upon its request for all reasonable expenses,
disbursements and advances incurred or made by the Collateral Trustee in accordance with any provision of this Indenture or other Transaction
Document (including, without limitation, securities transaction charges and the reasonable compensation and expenses and disbursements
of its agents and legal counsel (including costs incurred to enforce this Section 6.7) and of any accounting firm or investment banking
firm employed by the Collateral Trustee pursuant to Section 5.4, 5.5, 6.3(i) or 10.7, except any such expense, disbursement
or advance as may be attributable to its negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith) but with respect
to securities transaction charges, only to the extent any such charges have not been waived during a Collection Period due to the Collateral
Trustee's receipt of a payment from a financial institution with respect to certain Eligible Investments, as specified by the Portfolio
Manager;

154

(iii) to indemnify the Collateral Trustee (and the Bank in all its capacities) and its Officers, directors, employees and agents for, and
to hold them harmless against, any damage, fee, cost claim, loss, liability or expense (including reasonable attorney's fees and costs)
incurred without negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith on their part, arising out of or in connection with the acceptance or administration
of this trust or the performance of duties hereunder or under any of the other Transaction Documents, including the costs and expenses
of defending themselves against any claim or liability in connection with the exercise or performance of any of their powers, rights or
duties hereunder and under any other agreement or instrument related hereto; and

(iv) to pay the Collateral Trustee reasonable additional compensation together with its expenses (including reasonable counsel fees and
costs) for any collection or enforcement action taken pursuant to Section 6.13 or Article V.

(b) The Collateral Trustee shall receive amounts pursuant to this Section 6.7 and any other amounts payable to it under this Indenture
only as provided in Sections 11.1(a)(i), (ii) and (iii) (or in such other manner in which Administrative Expenses are permitted
to be paid under this Indenture) and only to the extent that funds are available for the payment thereof. Subject to Section 6.9,
the Collateral Trustee shall continue to serve as Collateral Trustee under this Indenture notwithstanding the fact that the Collateral
Trustee shall not have received amounts due it hereunder; provided that, nothing herein shall impair or affect the Collateral
Trustee's rights under Section 6.9. No direction by the Holders shall affect the right of the Collateral Trustee to collect amounts
owed to it under this Indenture. If on any date when a fee or expense shall be payable to the Collateral Trustee pursuant to this Indenture
insufficient funds are available for the payment thereof, any portion of a fee or expense not so paid shall be deferred and payable on
such later date on which a fee or expense shall be payable and sufficient funds are available therefor.

(c) The Collateral Trustee hereby agrees not to cause any Bankruptcy Filing with respect to the Issuer until at least one year (or if
longer the applicable preference period then in effect) plus one day, after the payment in full of all Notes issued under this
Indenture and the Class A-1L Loans incurred under the Class A Credit Agreements.

(d) The Issuer's payment obligations to the Collateral Trustee (and the Bank in all of its capacities) under this Section 6.7
shall be secured by the lien of this Indenture, and shall survive the discharge of this Indenture and the resignation or removal of the Collateral Trustee. When the Collateral
Trustee incurs expenses after the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default under Section 5.1(e) or (f), the expenses are
intended to constitute expenses of administration under Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency
or similar law.

155

Section 6.8. Corporate Collateral Trustee Required;
Eligibility

(a) There shall at all times be a Collateral Trustee hereunder which shall be an Independent organization or entity organized and doing
business under the laws of the United States of America or of any state thereof, authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trust
powers, having a combined capital and surplus of at least U.S.$200,000,000, subject to supervision or examination by federal or state
authority, having an issuer rating of at least "BBB+" by S&P (or such other rating for which the S&P Rating Condition
is satisfied) and having an office within the United States; provided, that if the Collateral Trustee is downgraded by the applicable
Rating Agency below such Rating Agency's minimum rating or counterparty risk assessment as set forth in this sentence, the Collateral
Trustee (x) shall promptly notify the Issuer and the Portfolio Manager of such downgrade in writing and (y) may, with the consent
of the Portfolio Manager and the Issuer to the following procedure, retain its eligibility if it obtains or has obtained (at its own expense)
or, to the extent the Issuer or the Portfolio Manager requests that the Collateral Trustee retain its eligibility (at the Issuer's expense),
prior to appointment of a successor trustee, (i) a confirmation from the applicable Rating Agency that downgraded the Collateral
Trustee or counterparty risk assessment that such Rating Agency's then-current rating of the Notes will not be downgraded or withdrawn
by reason of such downgrade of the Collateral Trustee's rating or (ii) a written waiver or other written acknowledgement (which may
be evidenced by an exchange of electronic messages) from such Rating Agency that it will not review such Rating Agency's then-current
rating of the Notes in such circumstances. The Collateral Trustee shall inform the Issuer and the Portfolio Manager upon satisfaction
of the foregoing requirements.

(b) The Collateral Trustee shall be a "bank" (as defined under the Investment Company Act) and shall not be "affiliated"
(as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) with the Issuer or any person involved in the organization or operation of the
Issuer and shall not offer or provide credit or credit enhancement to the Issuer.

(c) If such organization or entity publishes reports of condition at least annually, pursuant to law or to the requirements of the aforesaid
supervising or examining authority, then for the purposes of this Section 6.8, the combined capital and surplus of such organization or entity
shall be deemed to be its combined capital and surplus as set forth in its most recent published report of condition.

(d) If at any time the Collateral Trustee shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of this Section 6.8, it shall
resign immediately in the manner and with the effect hereinafter specified in this Article VI.

156

Section 6.9. Resignation
and Removal; Appointment of Successor

(a) No resignation or removal of the Collateral Trustee and no appointment of a successor Collateral Trustee pursuant to this Article VI
shall become effective until the acceptance of appointment by the successor Collateral Trustee under Section 6.10. If at any time the Bank shall
resign or be removed as Loan Agent under a Class A-1L Credit Agreement, such resignation or removal shall not be deemed to be a resignation
or removal of the Bank as Collateral Trustee hereunder,

(b) The Collateral Trustee may resign at any time by giving not less than 60 days' written notice thereof to the Issuer, the Portfolio
Manager, the Holders and the Rating Agency. Upon receiving such notice of resignation, the Issuer shall promptly appoint a successor collateral
trustee or trustees satisfying the requirements of Section 6.8 by written instrument, in duplicate, executed by an Authorized Officer
of the Issuer, one copy of which shall be delivered to the Collateral Trustee so resigning and one copy to the successor Collateral Trustee
or Collateral Trustees, together with a copy to each Holder and the Portfolio Manager; provided that, such successor Collateral
Trustee shall be appointed only upon the written consent of a Majority of each Class of the Debt or, at any time when an Event of
Default has occurred and is continuing or an Enforcement Event has occurred or when a successor Collateral Trustee has been appointed
pursuant to Section 6.9(e), by an Act of a Majority of the Controlling Class. If no successor Collateral Trustee shall have been
appointed and an instrument of acceptance by a successor Collateral Trustee shall not have been delivered to the Collateral Trustee within
30 days after the giving of such notice of resignation, the resigning Collateral Trustee or any Holder, on behalf of itself and all others
similarly situated, may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Collateral Trustee satisfying
the requirements of Section 6.8.

(c) The Collateral Trustee may be removed at any time with 30 days' notice by Act of a Majority of each Class of Debt (for which
purpose, the Class A-1 Debt will constitute and vote together as a single Class, the Class A-2 Debt will constitute and vote
together as a single Class, the Class B Notes will constitute and vote together as a single Class and the Class C Notes
will constitute and vote together as a single Class will constitute and vote together as a single Class) or, at any time when an
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or an Enforcement Event has occurred by an Act of a Majority of the Controlling Class,
delivered to the Collateral Trustee and to the Issuer.

(d) If at any time:

(i) the Collateral Trustee shall cease to be eligible under Section 6.8 and shall fail to resign after written request therefor by
the Issuer or by any Holder; or

(ii) the Collateral Trustee shall become incapable of acting or shall be adjudged as bankrupt or insolvent or a receiver or liquidator
of the Collateral Trustee or of its property shall be appointed
or any public officer shall take charge or control of the Collateral Trustee or of its property or affairs for the purpose of rehabilitation,
conservation or liquidation;

157

then, in any such case (subject to
Section 6.9(a)), (A) the Issuer, by Issuer Order, may remove the Collateral Trustee, or (B) subject to Section 5.15,
any Holder may, on behalf of itself and all others similarly situated, petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the removal of
the Collateral Trustee and the appointment of a successor Collateral Trustee.

(e) If the Collateral Trustee shall resign, be removed or become incapable of acting, or if a vacancy shall occur in the office of the
Collateral Trustee for any reason (other than resignation), the Issuer, by Issuer Order, shall promptly appoint a successor Collateral
Trustee. If the Issuer shall fail to appoint a successor Collateral Trustee within 30 days after such resignation, removal or incapability
or the occurrence of such vacancy, a successor Collateral Trustee may be appointed by a Majority of the Controlling Class by written
instrument delivered to the Issuer and the retiring Collateral Trustee. The successor Collateral Trustee so appointed shall, forthwith
upon its acceptance of such appointment, become the successor Collateral Trustee and supersede any successor Collateral Trustee proposed
by the Issuer. If no successor Collateral Trustee shall have been so appointed by the Issuer or a Majority of the Controlling Class and
shall have accepted appointment in the manner hereinafter provided, subject to Section 5.15, any Holder or the Collateral Trustee
may, on behalf of itself and all others similarly situated, petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor
Collateral Trustee.

(f) The Issuer shall give prompt notice of each resignation and each removal of the Collateral Trustee and each appointment of a successor
Collateral Trustee by providing notice of such event to the Portfolio Manager, to the Rating Agency and to the Holders. Each notice shall include
the name of the successor Collateral Trustee and the address of its Corporate Trust Office. If the Issuer fails to provide such notice
within 10 days after acceptance of appointment by the successor Collateral Trustee, the successor Collateral Trustee shall cause such
notice to be given at the expense of the Issuer.

(g) If the Bank shall resign or be removed as Collateral Trustee, the Bank shall also resign or be removed as Paying Agent, Calculation
Agent, Registrar and any other capacity in which the Bank is then acting pursuant to this Indenture or any other Transaction Document.

Section 6.10. Acceptance of Appointment by Successor

Every
successor Collateral Trustee appointed hereunder shall meet the requirements of Section 6.8 and shall execute, acknowledge and
deliver to the Issuer and the retiring Collateral Trustee an instrument accepting such appointment and making the representations
and warranties set forth in this Indenture. Upon delivery of the required instruments, the resignation or removal of the retiring
Collateral Trustee shall become effective and such successor Collateral Trustee, without any further act, deed or conveyance, shall
become vested with all the rights, powers, trusts, duties and obligations of the retiring Collateral Trustee; but, on request of the
Issuer or a Majority of any Class of Debt or the successor Collateral Trustee, such retiring Collateral Trustee shall, upon
payment of its charges then unpaid, execute and deliver an instrument transferring to such successor Collateral Trustee all the
rights, powers and trusts of the retiring Collateral Trustee, and shall duly assign, transfer and deliver to such successor
Collateral Trustee all property and Money held by such retiring Collateral Trustee hereunder. Upon request of any such successor
Collateral Trustee, the Issuer shall execute any and all instruments for more fully and certainly vesting in and confirming to such
successor Collateral Trustee all such rights, powers and trusts.

158

Section 6.11. Merger, Conversion,
Consolidation or Succession to Business of Collateral Trustee

Any organization or entity into which
the Collateral Trustee may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any organization or entity resulting from any
merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Collateral Trustee shall be a party, or any organization or entity succeeding to all
or substantially all of the corporate trust business of the Collateral Trustee, shall be the successor of the Collateral Trustee hereunder,
provided that, such organization or entity shall be otherwise qualified and eligible under this Article VI, without
the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties hereto. In case any of the Debt has been authenticated,
but not delivered, by the Collateral Trustee then in office, any successor by merger, conversion or consolidation to such authenticating
Collateral Trustee may adopt such authentication and deliver the Debt so authenticated with the same effect as if such successor Collateral
Trustee had itself authenticated such Debt.

Section 6.12. Co-Collateral
Trustees

At any time or times, including for
the purpose of meeting the legal requirements of any jurisdiction in which any part of the Assets may at the time be located, the Issuer
and the Collateral Trustee shall have power to appoint one or more Persons to act as co-trustee that satisfies the eligibility requirements
set forth in Section 6.8 (subject to notice to the Rating Agency), jointly with the Collateral Trustee, of all or any part of the
Assets, with the power to file such proofs of claim and take such other actions pursuant to Section 5.6 herein and to make such claims
and enforce such rights of action on behalf of the Holders, as such Holders themselves may have the right to do, subject to the other
provisions of this Section 6.12 and to perform such other acts as may be determined by the Issuer and the Collateral Trustee.

The Issuer shall join with the Collateral
Trustee in the execution, delivery and performance of all instruments and agreements necessary or proper to appoint a co-trustee. If the
Issuer does not join in such appointment within 15 Business Days after the receipt by the Issuer of a request to do so, the Collateral
Trustee shall have the power to make such appointment.

Should any written instrument from
the Issuer be required by any co-trustee so appointed, more fully confirming to such co-trustee such property, title, right or power,
any and all such instruments shall, on request, be executed, acknowledged and delivered by the Issuer. The Issuer agrees to pay as Administrative
Expenses, to the extent funds are available therefor under the Priority of Payments, for any reasonable fees and expenses in connection
with such appointment.

159

Every co-trustee shall, to the extent
permitted by law, but to such extent only, be appointed subject to the following terms:

(a) the Debt shall be authenticated and delivered, and all rights, powers, duties and obligations hereunder in respect of the custody
of securities, Cash and other personal property held by, or required to be deposited or pledged with, the Collateral Trustee hereunder,
shall be exercised, solely by the Collateral Trustee;

(b) the rights, powers, duties and obligations hereby conferred or imposed upon the Collateral Trustee in respect of any property covered
by the appointment of a co- trustee shall be conferred or imposed upon and exercised or performed by the Collateral Trustee or by the
Collateral Trustee and such co-trustee jointly as shall be provided in the instrument appointing such co-trustee;

(c) the Collateral Trustee at any time, by an instrument in writing executed by it, with the concurrence of the Issuer evidenced by an
Issuer Order, may accept the resignation of or remove any co-trustee appointed under this Section 6.12, and in case an Event of Default
has occurred and is continuing or an Enforcement Event has occurred, the Collateral Trustee shall have the power to accept the resignation
of, or remove, any such co-trustee without the concurrence of the Issuer. A successor
to any co-trustee so resigned or removed may be appointed in the manner provided in this Section 6.12;

(d) no co-trustee hereunder shall be personally liable by reason of any act or omission of the Collateral Trustee hereunder;

(e) the Collateral Trustee shall not be liable by reason of any act or omission of a co- trustee; and

(f) any Act of Holders delivered to the Collateral Trustee shall be deemed to have been delivered to each co-trustee.

The Issuer shall notify the Rating
Agency and the Portfolio Manager of the appointment of a co- trustee hereunder.

Section 6.13. Certain Duties
of Collateral Trustee Related to Delayed Payment of Proceeds

In
the event that the Collateral Trustee shall not have received a payment with respect to any Asset on its Due Date, (a) the
Collateral Trustee shall promptly notify the Issuer and the Portfolio Manager in writing (including by email) and (b) unless
within three Business Days (or the end of the applicable grace period for such payment, if any) after such notice (x) such
payment shall have been received by the Collateral Trustee or (y) the Issuer, in its absolute discretion (but only to the
extent permitted by Section 10.2(a)), shall have made provision for such payment satisfactory to the Collateral Trustee in
accordance with Section 10.2(a), the Collateral Trustee shall, not later than the Business Day immediately following the last
day of such period and in any case upon request by the Portfolio Manager, request the issuer of such Asset, the trustee under the
related Underlying Instrument or paying agent designated by either of them, as the case may be, to make such payment as soon as
practicable after such request but in no event later than three Business Days after the date of such request. In the event that such
payment is not made within such time period, the Collateral Trustee, subject to the provisions of clause (iv) of
Section 6.1(c), shall take such action as the Portfolio Manager shall direct. Any such action shall be without prejudice to any
right to claim a Default or Event of Default under this Indenture. In the event that the Issuer or the Portfolio Manager requests a
release of an Asset and/or delivers an additional Collateral Obligation in connection with any such action under the Portfolio
Management Agreement or this Indenture, such release and/or substitution shall be subject to Section 10.8 and Article XII
of this Indenture, as the case may be. Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Collateral Trustee shall deliver to the
Issuer or its designee any payment with respect to any Asset or any additional Collateral Obligation received after the Due Date
thereof to the extent the Issuer previously made provisions for such payment satisfactory to the Collateral Trustee in accordance
with this Section 6.13 and such
payment shall not be deemed part of the Assets. 

160

Section 6.14. Authenticating
Agents

Upon the request of the Issuer, the
Collateral Trustee shall, and if the Collateral Trustee so chooses the Collateral Trustee may, appoint one or more Authenticating Agents
with power to act on its behalf and subject to its direction in the authentication of Notes in connection with issuance, transfers and
exchanges under Sections 2.4, 2.5, 2.6 and 8.5, as fully to all intents and purposes as though each such Authenticating Agent had been
expressly authorized by such Sections to authenticate such Notes. For all purposes of this Indenture, the authentication of Notes by an
Authenticating Agent pursuant to this Section 6.14 shall be deemed to be the authentication of Notes by the Collateral Trustee.

Any corporation into which any Authenticating
Agent may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation resulting from any merger, consolidation or
conversion to which any Authenticating Agent shall be a party, or any corporation succeeding to the corporate trust business of any Authenticating
Agent, shall be the successor of such Authenticating Agent hereunder, without the execution or filing of any further act on the part of
the parties hereto or such Authenticating Agent or such successor corporation.

Any Authenticating Agent may at any
time resign by giving written notice of resignation to the Collateral Trustee and the Issuer (with a copy to the Portfolio Manager). The
Collateral Trustee may at any time terminate the agency of any Authenticating Agent by giving written notice of termination to such Authenticating
Agent and the Issuer (with a copy to the Portfolio Manager). Upon receiving such notice of resignation or upon such a termination, the
Collateral Trustee shall promptly appoint a successor Authenticating Agent and shall give written notice of such appointment to the Issuer
(with a copy to the Portfolio Manager).

Unless the Authenticating Agent is
also the same entity as the Collateral Trustee, the Issuer agrees to pay to each Authenticating Agent from time to time reasonable compensation
for its services, and reimbursement for its reasonable expenses relating thereto as an Administrative Expense. The provisions of Sections
2.8, 6.4 and 6.5 shall be applicable to any Authenticating Agent.

161

Section 6.15. Withholding

If
any withholding tax is imposed on the Issuer's payment (or allocations of income) under the Notes by law or pursuant to the Issuer's
agreement with a Governmental Authority, such tax shall reduce the amount otherwise distributable to the relevant Holder. The
Collateral Trustee is hereby authorized and directed to retain from amounts otherwise distributable to any Holder sufficient funds
for the payment of any tax that is legally owed or required to be withheld by the Issuer by law or pursuant to the Issuer's
agreement with a Governmental Authority (but such authorization shall not prevent the Collateral Trustee from contesting any such
tax in appropriate proceedings and withholding payment of such tax, if permitted by law, pending the outcome of such proceedings)
and to timely remit such amounts to the appropriate taxing authority. The amount of any withholding tax imposed by law or pursuant
to the Issuer's agreement with a Governmental Authority with respect to any Note shall be treated as Cash distributed to the
relevant Holder at the time it is withheld by the Collateral Trustee. If there is a possibility that withholding is required by
applicable law with respect to a distribution, the Paying Agent or the Collateral Trustee may, in its sole discretion, withhold such
amounts in accordance with this Section 6.15. If any Holder or beneficial owner wishes to apply for a refund of any such
withholding tax, the Collateral Trustee shall reasonably cooperate with such Person in providing readily available information so
long as such Person agrees to reimburse the Collateral Trustee for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred. Nothing herein shall impose
an obligation on the part of the Collateral Trustee to determine the amount of any tax or withholding obligation on the part of the
Issuer or in respect of the Debt.

Section 6.16. Representative
for Holders Only; Agent for each other Secured Party

With respect to the security interest
created hereunder, the delivery of any Asset to the Collateral Trustee is to the Collateral Trustee as representative of the Holders and
agent for each other Secured Party. In furtherance of the foregoing, the possession by the Collateral Trustee of any Asset, the endorsement
to or registration in the name of the Collateral Trustee of any Asset (including without limitation as entitlement holder of the Custodial
Account) are all undertaken by the Collateral Trustee in its capacity as representative of the Holders and agent for each other Secured
Party.

Section 6.17. Representations
and Warranties of the Bank The Bank hereby represents and warrants as follows:

(a) Organization. The Bank has been duly organized and is validly existing as a national banking association with trust powers
under the laws of the United States and has the power to conduct its business and affairs as a trustee, paying agent, registrar, and transfer
agent.

(b) Authorization; Binding Obligations. The Bank has the corporate power and authority to perform the duties and obligations of
Collateral Trustee, Paying Agent, Registrar, Transfer Agent and Calculation Agent. The Bank has taken all necessary corporate action to
authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Indenture, and all of the documents required to be executed by the Bank pursuant
hereto. This Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Bank and constitutes the legal, valid
and binding obligation of the Bank enforceable in accordance with its terms subject, as to enforcement, (i) to the effect of bankruptcy,
insolvency or similar laws affecting generally the enforcement of creditors' rights as such laws would apply in the event of any bankruptcy,
receivership, insolvency or similar event applicable to the Bank and (ii) to general equitable principles (whether enforcement is
considered in a proceeding at law or in equity).

162

(c) Eligibility. The Bank is eligible under Sections 6.8(a) and 6.8(b) to serve as Collateral Trustee.

(d) No Conflict. Neither the execution, delivery and performance of this Indenture, nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by this Indenture, (i) is prohibited by, or requires the Bank to obtain any consent, authorization, approval or registration under,
any law, statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ, injunction or decree that is binding upon the Bank or any of its properties
or assets, or (ii) will violate any provision of, result in any default or acceleration of any obligations under, result in the creation
or imposition of any lien pursuant to, or require any consent under, any material agreement to which the Bank is a party or by which it
or any of its property is bound in a manner that will materially adversely affect the legality, enforceability against it of this Indenture
or any Transaction Document to which it is a party or its ability (as a matter of law) to perform its obligations under this Indenture
or any such other Transaction Document to which the Bank is a party.

ARTICLE VII

COVENANTS

Section 7.1. Payment
of Principal and Interest

The Issuer will duly and punctually
pay the principal of and interest on the Debt in accordance with the terms of such Debt and this Indenture and the Class A Credit
Agreements pursuant to the Priority of Payments.

Amounts properly withheld under the
Code or other applicable law (including FATCA) or pursuant to the Issuer's agreement with a Governmental Authority by any Person from
a payment under a Note shall be considered as having been paid by the Issuer to the relevant Holder for all purposes of this Indenture.

Section 7.2. Maintenance of
Office or Agency

The
Issuer hereby appoints the Collateral Trustee as a Paying Agent for payments on the Notes and the Collateral Trustee at its
applicable Corporate Trust Office, as the Issuer's agent where Notes may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange.
The Issuer may at any time and from time to time appoint additional paying agents; provided that, no paying agent
shall be appointed in a jurisdiction which subjects payments on the Notes to withholding tax solely as a result of such Paying
Agent's activities or its location. If at any time the Issuer shall fail to maintain the appointment of a paying agent, or shall
fail to furnish the Collateral Trustee with the address thereof, presentations and surrenders may be made (subject to the
limitations described in the preceding sentence), and Notes may be presented and surrendered for payment, to the Collateral Trustee
at its main office.

163

Section 7.3. Money for Debt
Payments to be Held in Trust

All payments of amounts due and payable
with respect to the Debt that are to be made from amounts withdrawn from the Payment Account shall be made on behalf of the Issuer by
the Collateral Trustee or a Paying Agent with respect to payments on the Debt.

When the Issuer shall have a Paying
Agent that is not also the Registrar and/or the Collateral Trustee, they shall furnish, or cause the Registrar to furnish, no later than
the fifth calendar day after each Record Date a list, if necessary, in such form as such Paying Agent may reasonably request, of the names
and addresses of the Holders and of the certificate numbers of individual Debt held by each such Holder.

Whenever the Issuer shall have a Paying
Agent other than the Collateral Trustee, they shall, on or before the Business Day preceding each Payment Date and any Redemption Date,
as the case may be, direct the Collateral Trustee to deposit on such Payment Date or such Redemption Date, as the case may be, with such
Paying Agent, if necessary, an aggregate sum sufficient to pay the amounts then becoming due (to the extent funds are then available for
such purpose in the Payment Account), such sum to be held in trust for the benefit of the Persons entitled thereto and (unless such Paying
Agent is the Collateral Trustee) the Issuer shall promptly notify the Collateral Trustee, with a copy to the Portfolio Manager, of its
action or failure so to act. Any Monies deposited with a Paying Agent (other than the Collateral Trustee) in excess of an amount sufficient
to pay the amounts then becoming due on the Debt with respect to which such deposit was made shall be paid over by such Paying Agent to
the Collateral Trustee for application in accordance with Article X.

The initial Paying Agent shall be as
set forth in Section 7.2. Any additional or successor Paying Agents shall be appointed by Issuer Order with written notice thereof
to the Collateral Trustee, with a copy to the Portfolio Manager; provided that, so long as the Notes of any Class are
rated by a Rating Agency, with respect to any additional or successor Paying Agent, either (i) such Paying Agent has a long-term
debt rating of "A+" or higher by S&P or a short-term debt rating of "A-1" by S&P or (ii) the S&P
Rating Condition is satisfied. If such successor Paying Agent ceases to have a long-term debt rating of "A+" or higher by S&P
or a short-term debt rating "A-1" by S&P, the Issuer shall promptly remove such Paying Agent and appoint a successor Paying
Agent. The Issuer shall not appoint any Paying Agent that is not, at the time of such appointment, a depository institution or trust company
subject to supervision and examination by federal and/or state and/or national banking authorities. The Issuer shall cause each Paying
Agent other than the Collateral Trustee to execute and deliver to the Collateral Trustee an instrument in which such Paying Agent shall
agree with the Collateral Trustee (and if the Collateral Trustee acts as Paying Agent, it hereby so agrees), subject to the provisions
of this Section 7.3, that such Paying Agent will:

(a) allocate all sums received for payment to the Holders of the Notes and the Issuer for which it acts as Paying Agent on each Payment
Date and any Redemption Date among such Holders in the proportion specified in the applicable
Distribution Report to the extent permitted by applicable law;

164

(b) hold all sums held by it for the payment of amounts due with respect to the Notes and otherwise to the Issuer in trust for the benefit
of the Persons entitled thereto until such sums shall be paid to such Persons or otherwise disposed of as herein provided and pay such
sums to such Persons as herein provided;

(c) if such Paying Agent is not the Collateral Trustee, immediately resign as a Paying Agent and forthwith pay to the Collateral Trustee
all sums held by it in trust for the payment of Notes and otherwise to the Issuer if at any time it ceases to meet the standards set forth
above required to be met by a Paying Agent at the time of its appointment;

(d) if such Paying Agent is not the Collateral Trustee, immediately give the Collateral Trustee, with a copy to the Portfolio Manager,
notice of any default by the Issuer (or any other Obligor upon the Notes ) in the making of any payment required to be made; and

(e) if such Paying Agent is not the Collateral Trustee, during the continuance of any such default, upon the written request of the Collateral
Trustee, forthwith pay to the Collateral Trustee all sums so held in trust by such Paying Agent.

The Issuer may at any time, for the
purpose of obtaining the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture or for any other purpose, pay, or by Issuer Order direct any Paying
Agent to pay, to the Collateral Trustee all sums held in trust by the Issuer or such Paying Agent, such sums to be held by the Collateral
Trustee upon the same trusts as those upon which such sums were held by the Issuer or such Paying Agent; and, upon such payment by any
Paying Agent to the Collateral Trustee, such Paying Agent shall be released from all further liability with respect to such Money.

Except as otherwise required by applicable
law, any Money deposited with the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent or any Paying Agent in trust for any payment on any Note and remaining
unclaimed for two years after such amount has become due and payable shall be paid to the Issuer on Issuer Order; and the Holder of such
Note shall thereafter, as an unsecured general creditor, look only to the Issuer for payment of such amounts (but only to the extent of
the amounts so paid to the Issuer) and all liability of the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent or such Paying Agent with respect to such
trust Money shall thereupon cease. The Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent or such Paying Agent, before being required to make any such
release of payment, may, but shall not be required to, adopt and employ, at the expense of the Issuer any reasonable means of notification
of such release of payment.

Section 7.4. Existence
of Issuer

(a) The Issuer shall, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, maintain in full force and
effect its existence and rights as a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Delaware, and shall obtain
and preserve its qualification to do business as a limited liability company in each jurisdiction in which such qualifications are
or shall be necessary to protect the validity and enforceability of this Indenture, the
Notes or any of the Assets; provided that, the Issuer shall be entitled to change its jurisdiction of organization from
the State of Delaware to any other jurisdiction reasonably selected by the Issuer so long as (i) the Issuer has received a legal
opinion (upon which the Collateral Trustee may conclusively rely) to the effect that such change is not disadvantageous in any material
respect to the Holders, (ii) written notice of such change shall have been given to the Collateral Trustee by the Issuer, which notice
shall be forwarded by the Collateral Trustee to the Holders, the Portfolio Manager and the Rating Agency and (iii) on or prior to
the 15th Business Day following receipt of such notice the Collateral Trustee shall not have received written notice from a Majority of
the Controlling Class objecting to such change.

165

(b) The Issuer (i) shall ensure that all limited liability company or other formalities regarding
its existence (including, if required, holding regular meetings of its manager(s) and member(s), or other similar, meetings)
are followed, except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the validity
and enforceability of this Indenture, the Notes or any of the Assets, and (ii) shall not have any employees (other than its
officers to the extent such officers might be considered employees). The Issuer shall not take any action, or conduct its affairs in
a manner, that is likely to result in its separate existence being ignored or in its assets and liabilities being substantively
consolidated with any other Person in a bankruptcy, reorganization or other insolvency proceeding. Without limiting the foregoing,
(i) the Issuer shall not have any subsidiaries, and (ii) (x) the Issuer shall
not (A) except as contemplated by the Offering Circular, any Transaction Document or the Issuer LLCA, engage in any transaction with
any member or affiliate that would constitute a conflict of interest or (B) make distributions other than in accordance with the
Issuer LLCA, and (y) the Issuer shall, except when otherwise required for consolidated accounting purposes or tax purposes, (A) maintain
books and records separate from any other Person, (B) maintain its accounts separate
from those of any other Person, (C) not commingle its assets with those of any other Person, (D) conduct its own business in
its own name, (E) maintain separate financial statements (except to the extent required to be consolidated under GAAP), (F) pay
its own liabilities out of its own funds, (G) maintain an arm's length relationship with its Affiliates, (H) use separate stationery,
invoices and checks, (I) hold itself out as a separate Person, (J) correct any known misunderstanding regarding its separate
identity and (K) have at least one Independent Manager.

Section 7.5. Protection
of Assets

(a) The Issuer (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) will cause the taking of such action within the Portfolio Manager's control as
is reasonably necessary in order to maintain the perfection and priority of the security interest of the Collateral Trustee in the Assets;
provided that, the Issuer (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) shall be entitled to rely on any Opinion of Counsel delivered
pursuant to Section 7.6 and any Opinion of Counsel with respect to the same subject matter delivered pursuant to Section 3.1(a)(iii) and
(iv) to determine what actions are reasonably necessary, and shall be fully protected in so
relying on such an Opinion of Counsel, unless the Issuer (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) has actual knowledge that the procedures
described in any such Opinion of Counsel are no longer adequate to maintain such perfection and priority. The Issuer shall from time to
time execute and deliver all such supplements and amendments hereto and file or authorize the filing of all such Financing Statements,
continuation statements, instruments of further assurance and other instruments, and shall take such other action as may be necessary
or advisable or desirable to secure the rights and remedies of the Collateral Trustee for the benefit of the Secured Parties hereunder
and to:

(i) Grant more effectively all or any portion of the Assets;

166

(ii) maintain, preserve and perfect any Grant made or to be made by this Indenture including, without limitation, the first priority nature
of the lien or carry out more effectively the purposes hereof;

(iii) perfect, publish notice of or protect the validity of any Grant made or to be made by this Indenture (including, without limitation,
any and all actions necessary or desirable as a result of changes in law or regulations);

(iv) enforce any of the Assets or other instruments or property included in the Assets;

(v) preserve and defend title to the Assets and the rights therein of the Collateral Trustee and the Holders of the Debt in the Assets
against the claims of all Persons and parties; or

(vi) pay or cause to be paid any and all taxes levied or assessed upon all or any part of the Assets.

The Issuer hereby designates the
Collateral Trustee as its agent and attorney in fact to prepare and file any Financing Statement, continuation statement and all
other instruments, and take all other actions, required pursuant to this Section 7.5. Such designation shall not impose upon
the Collateral Trustee, or release or diminish, the Issuer's obligations under this Section 7.5. The Issuer further authorizes
and shall cause the Issuer's United States counsel to file, without the Issuer's signature, of a Financing Statement on the Closing
Date that names the Issuer as debtor and the Collateral Trustee, on behalf of the Secured Parties, as secured party and that
describes "all assets" of the Issuer as the Assets in which the Collateral Trustee has a Grant.

(b) The Collateral Trustee shall not, except in accordance with this Indenture, permit the removal of any portion of the Assets or transfer
any such Assets from the Account to which it is credited, or cause or permit any change in the Delivery made pursuant to Section 3.3
with respect to any Assets, if, after giving effect thereto, the jurisdiction governing the perfection of the Collateral Trustee's security
interest in such Assets is different from the jurisdiction governing the perfection at the time of delivery of the most recent Opinion
of Counsel pursuant to Section 7.6 (or, if no Opinion of Counsel has yet been delivered
pursuant to Section 7.6, the Opinion of Counsel delivered at the Closing Date pursuant to Section 3.1(a)(iii)) unless the Collateral
Trustee shall have received an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that the lien and security interest created by this Indenture with respect
to such property and the priority thereof will continue to be maintained after giving effect to such action or actions.

167

Section 7.6. Opinions as to
Assets

So long as the Debt is Outstanding,
within the six-month period preceding the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date (and every five years thereafter), the Issuer shall furnish
to the Collateral Trustee and the Rating Agency an Opinion of Counsel relating to the security interest Granted by the Issuer to the Collateral
Trustee, stating that, as of the date of such opinion, the lien and security interest created by this Indenture with respect to the Assets
remain in effect and that no further action (other than as specified in such opinion) needs to be taken to ensure the continued effectiveness
of such lien over the next year.

Section 7.7. Performance of
Obligations

(a) The Issuer shall not take any action, and will use its best efforts not to permit any action to be taken by others, that would release
any Person from any of such Person's covenants or obligations under any instrument included in the Assets, except in the case of enforcement
action taken with respect to any Defaulted Obligation in accordance with the provisions hereof and actions by the Portfolio Manager under
the Portfolio Management Agreement and in conformity with this Indenture or as otherwise required hereby.

(b) The Issuer may, with the prior written consent of a Majority of each Class of Debt (except in the case of the Portfolio Management
Agreement and the Collateral Administration Agreement, in which case no consent shall be required), contract with other Persons, including
the Portfolio Manager, the Collateral Trustee and the Collateral Administrator for the performance of actions and obligations to be performed
by the Issuer hereunder and under the Portfolio Management Agreement by such Persons. Notwithstanding any such arrangement, the Issuer
shall remain primarily liable with respect thereto. In the event of such contract, the performance of such actions and obligations by
such Persons shall be deemed to be performance of such actions and obligations by the Issuer; and the Issuer will punctually perform,
and use their best efforts to cause the Portfolio Manager, the Collateral Trustee, the Collateral Administrator and such other Person
to perform, all of their obligations and agreements contained in the Portfolio Management Agreement, this Indenture, the Collateral Administration
Agreement or any such other agreement.

(c) The Issuer shall notify the Rating Agency (with a copy to the Portfolio Manager) within 10 Business Days after any material breach
of any Transaction Document, following any applicable cure period for such breach.

168

Section 7.8. Negative
Covenants

(a) The Issuer will not, from and after the Closing Date:

(i) sell, transfer, exchange or otherwise dispose of, or pledge, mortgage, hypothecate or otherwise encumber (or permit such to occur
or suffer such to exist), any part of the Assets, except as expressly permitted by this Indenture and the Portfolio Management Agreement;

(ii) claim any credit on, make any deduction from, or dispute the enforceability of payment of the principal or interest payable (or any
other amount) in respect of the Debt (other than amounts withheld or deducted in accordance with the Code or any applicable tax or similar
laws of any other applicable jurisdiction or pursuant to the Issuer's agreement with any Governmental Authority);

(iii) (A) incur or assume or guarantee any indebtedness, other than the Debt or pursuant to this Indenture, the Class A Credit
Agreements and the transactions contemplated hereby, or (B) (1) issue any additional class of notes except in accordance with
Section 2.13 and 3.2 or (2) issue any additional limited liability company interests, except in accordance with the Issuer LLCA;

(iv) (A) permit the validity or effectiveness of this Indenture or any Grant hereunder to be impaired, or permit the lien of this
Indenture to be amended, hypothecated, subordinated, terminated or discharged, or permit any Person to be released from any covenants
or obligations with respect to this Indenture, the Class A Credit Agreements or the Debt except as may be permitted hereby or by
the Portfolio Management Agreement, (B) except as permitted by this Indenture, permit any lien, charge, adverse claim, security interest,
mortgage or other encumbrance (other than the lien of this Indenture) to be created on or extend to or otherwise arise upon or burden
any part of the Assets, any interest therein or the proceeds thereof, or (C) except as permitted by this Indenture, take any action
that would permit the lien of this Indenture not to constitute a valid first priority security interest in the Assets;

(v) amend the Portfolio Management Agreement except pursuant to the terms thereof and Article XV of this Indenture;

(vi) dissolve or liquidate in whole or in part, except as permitted hereunder or required by applicable law;

(vii) other than as expressly provided herein, pay any distributions other than in accordance with the Priority of Payments; provided
that, the Issuer shall be permitted to make distributions to its members of any amounts received by it in accordance with the Priority
of Payments;

(viii) permit the formation of any subsidiaries;

169

(ix) conduct business under any name other than its own;

(x) have any employees (other than officers to the extent such officers might be considered are employees);

(xi) fail to maintain an Independent Manager in accordance with the Issuer LLCA;

(xii) sell, transfer, exchange or otherwise dispose of Assets, or enter into an agreement or commitment to do so or enter into or engage
in any business with respect to any part of the Assets, except as expressly permitted by both this Indenture and the Portfolio Management
Agreement;

(xiii) permit the transfer of any of its membership interests so long as any Debt is Outstanding;

(xiv) subject to Section 8.2(e), enter into any Hedge Agreement; and

(xv) engage in securities lending.

(b) [Reserved].

(c) The Issuer shall not be party to any agreements under which it has a future payment obligation without including customary "non-petition"
and "limited recourse" provisions therein (and shall not amend or eliminate such provisions in any agreement to which it is
party), except for any agreements related to the purchase and sale of any Collateral Obligations or Eligible Investments which contain
customary (as determined by the Portfolio Manager in its sole discretion) purchase or sale terms or which are documented using customary
(as determined by the Portfolio Manager in its sole discretion) loan trading documentation.

(d) The Issuer shall not enter into any agreement amending, modifying or terminating any Transaction Document without notifying the Rating
Agency (with a copy to the Portfolio Manager).

(e) The Issuer may not acquire any of the Notes (including any Notes surrendered or abandoned) other than pursuant to and in accordance
with Section 2.14. This Section 7.8(e) shall not be deemed to limit an optional special or mandatory redemption pursuant
to the terms of this Indenture.

Section 7.9. Statement as to
Compliance

On or
before September 30 in each calendar year commencing in 2025, or immediately if there has been a Default under this Indenture
and the Class A Credit Agreements and prior to the issuance or incurrence of any additional debt pursuant to Section 2.13,
the Issuer shall deliver to the Collateral Trustee (to be forwarded by the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent, to the Portfolio
Manager, each Holder making a written request therefor and the Rating Agency) an Officer's certificate of the Issuer that, having
made reasonable inquiries of the Portfolio Manager, and to the best of the knowledge, information and belief of the Issuer, there
did not exist, as at a date not more than five days prior to the date of the certificate, nor had there existed at any time prior
thereto since the date of the last certificate (if any), any Default hereunder or, if such Default did then exist or had existed,
specifying the same and the nature and status thereof, including actions undertaken to remedy the same, and that the Issuer has
complied with all of its obligations under this Indenture or, if such is not the case, specifying those obligations with which it
has not complied.

170

Section 7.10. Issuer May Consolidate, Etc.,
Only on Certain Terms

The Issuer (the "Merging Entity")
shall not consolidate or merge with or into any other Person or, except as permitted under this Indenture, transfer or convey all or substantially
all of its assets to any Person, unless permitted by United States and Delaware law and unless:

(a) the Merging Entity shall be the surviving entity, or the Person (if other than the Merging Entity) formed by such consolidation or
into which the Merging Entity is merged or to which all or substantially all of the assets of the Merging Entity are transferred (the
"Successor Entity") (i) if the Merging Entity is the Issuer, shall be a company organized and existing under the laws of the State
of Delaware or such other jurisdiction approved by a Majority of the Controlling Class (provided that, no such approval
shall be required in connection with any such transaction undertaken solely to effect a change in the jurisdiction of incorporation pursuant
to Section 7.4), and (ii) in any case shall expressly assume, by an indenture supplemental hereto and an omnibus assumption
agreement, executed and delivered to the Collateral Trustee, the Portfolio Manager, the Collateral Administrator and each Holder, the
due and punctual payment of the principal of and interest on all Debt, the payments to the Issuer and the performance and observance of
every covenant of this Indenture and of each other Transaction Document on its part to be performed or observed, all as provided herein
or therein, as applicable;

(b) the Collateral Trustee shall have received, as soon as reasonably practicable and in any case no less than five (5) days prior
to such merger or consolidation, notice of such consolidation or merger and shall have distributed copies of such notice to the Rating
Agency of such merger or consolidation, and the Collateral Trustee shall have received written confirmation from the Rating Agency that
its ratings issued with respect to the Debt then rated by such Rating Agency shall not be reduced or withdrawn as a result of the consummation
of such transaction;

(c) if the Merging Entity is not the Successor Entity, the Successor Entity shall have agreed with the Collateral Trustee (i) to
observe the same legal requirements for the recognition of such formed or surviving corporation as a legal entity separate and apart from
any of its Affiliates as are applicable to the Merging Entity with respect to its Affiliates and (ii) not to consolidate or merge
with or into any other Person or transfer or convey the Assets or all or substantially all of its assets to any other Person except in
accordance with the provisions of this Section 7.10;

171

(d) if the Merging Entity is not the Successor Entity, the Successor Entity shall have delivered to the Collateral Trustee and the Rating
Agency an Officer's certificate and an Opinion of Counsel each stating that such Person is duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing in the jurisdiction in which such Person is organized; that such Person has sufficient power and authority to assume the obligations
set forth in subsection (a) above and to execute and deliver an indenture supplemental hereto for the purpose of assuming such obligations;
that such Person has duly authorized the execution, delivery and performance of an indenture supplemental hereto for the purpose of assuming
such obligations and that such supplemental indenture is a valid, legal and binding obligation of such Person, enforceable in accordance
with its terms, subject only to bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium and other laws affecting the enforcement of creditors'
rights generally and to general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a Proceeding in equity
or at law); if the Merging Entity is the Issuer, that, immediately following the event which causes such Successor Entity to become the
successor to the Issuer, (i) such Successor Entity has title, free and clear of any lien, security interest or charge, other than
the lien and security interest of this Indenture and any other Permitted Liens, to the Assets securing all of the Debt, and (ii) the
Collateral Trustee continues to have a valid perfected first priority security interest in the Assets securing all of the Debt; and in
each case as to such other matters as the Collateral Trustee or any Holder may reasonably require; provided that, nothing
in this clause (d) shall imply or impose a duty on the Collateral Trustee to require such other documents;

(e) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no Default, Event of Default or Enforcement Event has occurred and is continuing;

(f) the Merging Entity shall have notified the Portfolio Manager of such consolidation, merger, transfer or conveyance and shall have
delivered to the Collateral Trustee and each Holder an Officer's certificate and an Opinion of Counsel each stating that such consolidation,
merger, transfer or conveyance and such supplemental indenture comply with this Article VII and that all conditions precedent in
this Article VII relating to such transaction have been complied with and that such transaction will not (1) result in the Successor
Entity becoming subject to U.S. federal income taxation with respect to its net income or to any withholding tax liability under Section 1446
of the Code or (2) have a material adverse effect on the tax treatment of the Issuer or the tax consequences to the Holders of any
Class of Debt Outstanding at the time of such consolidation, merger, transfer or conveyance, as described in the Offering Circular
under the heading "Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations";

(g) the Merging Entity shall have delivered to the Collateral Trustee an Opinion of Counsel stating that after giving effect to such transaction,
the Issuer (or, if applicable, the Successor Entity) will not be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act; and

172

(h) after giving effect to such transaction, the outstanding stock of the Merging Entity (or, if applicable, the Successor Entity) will
not be beneficially owned within the meaning of the Investment Company Act by any U.S. person.

Section 7.11. Successor Substituted

Upon
any consolidation or merger, or transfer or conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets of the Issuer in accordance with
Section 7.10 in which the Merging Entity is not the surviving corporation, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be
substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Merging Entity under this Indenture with the same effect as if such
Person had been named as the Issuer herein. In the event of any such consolidation, merger, transfer or conveyance, the Person named
as the "Issuer" in the first paragraph of this Indenture or any successor which shall theretofore have become such in the
manner prescribed in this Article VII may be dissolved, wound up and liquidated at any time thereafter, and such Person
thereafter shall be released from its liabilities as Obligor and maker on all the Debt and from its obligations under this
Indenture.

Section 7.12. No Other Business

From and after the Closing Date, the
Issuer will not engage in any business or activity other than issuing and selling the Debt and any additional debt pursuant to this Indenture
or incurred pursuant to the Class A Credit Agreements and acquiring, owning, holding, selling, paying, refinancing, lending, exchanging,
redeeming, pledging, contracting for the management of and otherwise dealing with Collateral Obligations and the other Assets in connection
therewith, and entering into Hedge Agreements, the Collateral Administration Agreement, the Account Agreement, the Portfolio Management
Agreement and the other applicable Transaction Documents and agreements specifically contemplated by this Indenture, and such other activities
which are necessary, suitable or convenient to accomplish the foregoing or are incidental thereto or connected therewith or ancillary
thereto. The Issuer may amend, or permit the amendment of, the provisions of the Issuer LLCA which relate to its bankruptcy remote nature
or separateness covenants in accordance with its terms; provided that, the Issuer shall provide written notice of any such amendment
to the Rating Agency.

Section 7.13. Acknowledgment
of Portfolio Manager Standard of Care

The Issuer acknowledges that it shall
be responsible for its own compliance with the covenants set forth in this Article VII and that, to the extent the Issuer has engaged
the Portfolio Manager to take certain actions on its behalf in order to comply with such covenants, the Portfolio Manager shall only be
required to perform such actions in accordance with the Portfolio Manager Standard set forth in Section 2(a) of the Portfolio
Management Agreement (or the corresponding provision of any portfolio management agreement entered into as a result of FS KKR Capital
Corp. no longer serving as Portfolio Manager thereunder). The Issuer further acknowledges and agrees that the Portfolio Manager shall
have no obligation to take any action to cure any breach of a covenant set forth in this Article VII until such time as a Responsible
Officer of the Portfolio Manager has actual knowledge of such breach.

173

Section 7.14. Ratings; Review
of Credit Estimates

(a) So long as any of the Debt of any Class remain Outstanding, on or before September 30 in each year commencing in 2026, the
Issuer shall obtain and pay for an annual review of the rating of each such Class of Debt from the Rating Agency. The Issuer shall
promptly notify the Collateral Trustee and the Portfolio Manager in writing (and the Collateral Trustee shall promptly provide the Holders
with a copy of such notice) if at any time the then-current rating of any such Class of Debt has been, or is known will be, changed
or withdrawn.

(b) The Issuer shall obtain and pay for an annual review of any Collateral Obligation which has an S&P Rating derived as set forth
in clause (iii)(b) of the definition of the term "S&P Rating".

Section 7.15. Reporting

At any time when the Issuer is not
subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and is not exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) under
the Exchange Act, upon the written request of a Holder or, upon the written request to the Collateral Trustee in the form of Exhibit D,
a Certifying Person, the Issuer shall promptly furnish or cause to be furnished Rule 144A Information to such Holder or Certifying
Person, to a prospective purchaser of such Note designated by such Holder or Certifying Person, or to the Collateral Trustee for delivery
upon an Issuer Order to such Holder or Certifying Person or a prospective purchaser designated by such Holder or Certifying Person, as
the case may be, in order to permit compliance by such Holder or Certifying Person with Rule 144A under the Securities Act in connection
with the resale of such Note. "Rule 144A Information" shall be such information as is specified pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under
the Securities Act (or any successor provision thereto).

Section 7.16. Calculation Agent

(a) The Issuer hereby agrees that for so long as any Debt remain Outstanding there shall at all times be an agent appointed (which does
not control or is not controlled or under common control with the Issuer or its Affiliates or the Portfolio Manager or its Affiliates)
to calculate the Reference Rate in respect of each Interest Accrual Period (or, for the first Interest Accrual Period, the related portion
thereof) in accordance with the terms of this Indenture (the "Calculation Agent"); provided that, "Term
SOFR" shall never be less than 0%. The Issuer hereby appoints the Collateral Administrator as the Calculation Agent. The Calculation
Agent may be removed by the Issuer or the Portfolio Manager, on behalf of the Issuer, at any time. If the Calculation Agent is unable
or unwilling to act as such or is removed by the Issuer or the Portfolio Manager, on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer or the Portfolio
Manager, on behalf of the Issuer, shall promptly appoint a replacement Calculation Agent which does not control or is not controlled by
or under common control with the Issuer or its Affiliates or the Portfolio Manager or its Affiliates. The Calculation Agent may not resign
its duties or be removed without a successor having been duly appointed.

174

(b) The Calculation Agent shall be required to agree (and the Collateral Administrator as Calculation Agent does hereby agree) that, as
soon as practicable after 5:00 a.m. Chicago time on each Interest Determination
Date, but in no event later than 11:00 a.m. New York time on the U.S.
Government Securities Business Day immediately following each Interest Determination Date, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Interest
Rate applicable to each Class of Floating Rate Debt during the related Interest Accrual Period and the Debt Interest Amount applicable
to each Class of Floating Rate Debt (in each case, rounded to the nearest cent, with half a cent being rounded upward) payable on
the related Payment Date in respect of such Class of Floating Rate Debt and the related Interest Accrual Period. At such time, the
Calculation Agent shall communicate such rates and amounts to the Issuer, the Collateral Trustee, each Paying Agent, the Portfolio Manager,
the Collateral Administrator, the Loan Agent, Euroclear, and Clearstream. The Calculation Agent shall notify the Portfolio Manager (on
behalf of the Issuer) and the Collateral Administrator before 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on every Interest Determination Date if it
has not determined and is not in the process of determining any such Interest Rate or Debt Interest Amount, together with its reasons
therefor. The Calculation Agent's determination of the foregoing rates and amounts for any Interest Accrual Period shall (in the absence
of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. The Collateral Administrator, in its capacity as Calculation Agent, will have
no (i) responsibility or liability for the selection or determination of an Fallback Rate as a successor or replacement base rate
to the Reference Rate and will be entitled to rely upon any designation of such Fallback Rate in accordance with the definition thereof
and (ii) liability for any failure or delay in performing its duties under the Collateral Administration Agreement as a result of
the unavailability of any Reference Rate as described in the definition thereof; provided that, it performs its duties thereunder
in good faith without willful misconduct or gross negligence.

(c) None of the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent the Paying Agent nor the Calculation Agent shall be under any obligation (i) to
monitor, determine or verify the unavailability or cessation of the Reference Rate (or the Fallback Rate or other applicable benchmark
index), (ii) to select, determine or designate any Fallback Rate, or other successor or replacement benchmark index, or determine
whether any conditions to the designation of such a rate have been satisfied, (iii) to select, determine or designate any modifier
to any replacement or successor index, or (iv) to determine whether or what Reference Rate Replacement Conforming Changes or other
amendments are necessary or advisable, if any, in connection with any of the foregoing. None of the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent,
the Paying Agent, nor the Calculation Agent shall be liable for any inability, failure or delay on its part to perform any of its duties
set forth in this Indenture or other Transaction Document as a result of the unavailability of the Reference Rate (or other applicable
benchmark index) and absence of a designated replacement Fallback Rate or other applicable benchmark index, including as a result of any
inability, delay, error or inaccuracy on the part of any other transaction party, including without limitation the Portfolio Manager,
in providing any direction, instruction, notice or information required or contemplated by the terms of this Indenture or other Transaction
Document and reasonably required for the performance of such duties. The Calculation Agent shall, in respect of any Interest Determination
Date, have no liability for the application of Term
SOFR as determined on the previous Interest Determination Date or a previous U.S. Government Securities Business Day if so required under
the definition of Term SOFR. If the Calculation Agent at any time or times determines in its reasonable judgment that guidance is needed
to perform its duties, or if it is required to decide between alternative courses of action, the Calculation Agent may (but is not obligated
to) reasonably request guidance in the form of written instructions (or, in its sole discretion, oral instruction followed by written
confirmation) from the Portfolio Manager,

175

(d) including without limitation in respect of facilitating or specifying administrative procedures with respect to the calculation of
any Fallback Rate, on which the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to rely without liability. The Calculation Agent shall be entitled
to refrain from action pending receipt of such instruction.

Section 7.17. Certain Tax Matters

(a) The Issuer shall treat the Notes as indebtedness for U.S. federal, state and local income and franchise tax purposes, except as otherwise
required by law.

(b) The Issuer has not elected and will not elect to treat itself, or take any other action that would cause it to be treated as an association
taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal, state or local income or franchise tax purposes, and shall make any election necessary to avoid
classification as an association taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal, state or local income or franchise tax purpose.

(c) The Issuer will treat each purchase of Collateral Obligations as a "purchase" for tax accounting and reporting purposes;
provided that a purchase by the Issuer of a Collateral Obligation from a person whom the Issuer is disregarded as a separate entity
will not be recognized.

(d) The Issuer shall file, or cause to be filed, any tax returns, including information tax returns, required by any Governmental Authority.

(e) Upon the Issuer's receipt of a request of a Holder of Notes that has been issued with more than a de minimis "original
issue discount" (as defined in Section 1273 of the Code) or written request of a Person certifying that it is an owner of a
beneficial interest in Notes that has been issued with more than a de minimis "original issue discount" for the information
described in Treasury Regulation section 1.1275-3(b)(1)(i) that is applicable to such Note, the Issuer will cause its Independent
certified public accountants to provide promptly to the Collateral Trustee and such requesting Holder or owner of a beneficial interest
in such a Note all of such information.

(f) Upon a change of the Reference Rate to a Fallback Rate, if the Issuer (in consultation with nationally recognized U.S. tax counsel)
reasonably determines that such change constitutes a "significant modification" within the meaning of Treasury Regulation section 1.1001-3, the Issuer
will cause its Independent certified public accountants to comply with any requirements under Treasury Regulation section 1.1273-2(f)(9) (or
any successor provision) including (as applicable) (i) by determining whether the Debt subject to the Fallback Rate are traded on
an established market, and (ii) if so traded, by determining the fair market value of such Debt and making available such fair market
value determination to holders in a commercially reasonable fashion, including by electronic publication, within 90 days of the date that
the change to the Fallback Rate occurs.

176

(g) No more than 50% of the debt obligations (as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes) held by the Issuer may at any time consist
of real estate mortgages as determined for purposes of Section 7701(i) of the Code unless the Issuer has received Tax Advice
to the effect that the ownership of such debt obligations will not cause the Issuer to be treated as a taxable mortgage pool for U.S.
federal income tax purposes

Section 7.18. Effective Date; Purchase of Additional
Collateral Obligations

(a) The Issuer will use commercially reasonable efforts to purchase (or enter into commitments to purchase), on or before the Effective
Date, Collateral Obligations, such that the Target Initial Par Condition is satisfied.

(b) During the period from the Closing Date to and including the Effective Date (and to the extent necessary to secure the confirmations
described in Section 7.18(c), after the Effective Date), the Issuer will use the following funds to purchase additional Collateral
Obligations in the following order: (i) to pay for the principal portion of any Collateral Obligation, first, any amounts
on deposit in the Ramp-Up Account and second, any Principal Proceeds on deposit in the Collection Account and (ii) to the
extent any funds remain in the Ramp-Up Account and the Collection Account after paying the amounts described in subclause (i), to pay
for accrued interest on any such Collateral Obligation, first, any amounts on deposit in the Ramp-Up Account and second,
any Principal Proceeds on deposit in the Collection Account. In addition, the Issuer will use commercially reasonable efforts to acquire
such Collateral Obligations that will satisfy or comply with, on the Effective Date, the Concentration Limitations, the Collateral Quality
Test (other than the S&P CDO Monitor Test) and each Overcollateralization Ratio Test.

(c) Within 30 Business Days after the Effective Date, the Issuer (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) shall provide, or cause the
Collateral Administrator to provide, to S&P, a Microsoft Excel file ("Excel Default Model Input File") that provides
all of the inputs required to determine whether the S&P CDO Monitor Test has been satisfied and the Collateral Administrator shall
provide a Microsoft Excel file including, at a minimum, the following data with respect to each Collateral Obligation: CUSIP number (if
any), LoanX ID (if any), name of Obligor, coupon, spread (if applicable), Reference Rate floor (if any), legal final maturity date, average
life, Principal Balance, identification as a Cov-Lite Loan or otherwise, trade date and settlement date, S&P Industry Classification,
S&P Rating, S&P Recovery Rate and the purchase price of assets purchased by the Issuer that have not settled as of such date

177

(d) Within 30 Business Days after the Effective Date (but in any event, prior to the Determination Date relating to the first Quarterly
Payment Date), the Issuer shall (x) provide,
or (at the Issuer's expense) cause the Portfolio Manager to provide, to the Collateral Trustee (based on the information set forth
in the Effective Date Report provided by the Collateral Administrator as described below) (i) an Accountants' Report (the
"Effective Date Accountants' Comparison AUP Report") that compares, in each case as of the Effective Date, by
reference to such sources as shall be specified therein, the following information: the issuer, Principal Balance, coupon/spread,
stated maturity, S&P Rating, S&P Industry Classification and country of Domicile with respect to each Collateral Obligation
as of the Effective Date and the information provided by the Issuer with respect to every other asset included in the Assets (or, if
unavailable, by reference to such sources as shall be specified therein); (ii) an Accountants' Report (the "Effective
Date Accountants' Recalculation AUP Report" and, together with the Effective Date Accountants' Comparison AUP Report, the
"Effective Date Accountants' AUP Reports") recalculating, as of the Effective Date, the level of compliance with,
or satisfaction or non-satisfaction of (1) the Target Initial Par Condition, (2) each Overcollateralization Ratio Test,
(3) the Concentration Limitations and (4) the Collateral Quality Test (other than the S&P CDO Monitor Test) (such
items (1) through (4), the "Specified Test Items"); and with respect to the items in clauses (i) and
(ii) above, specifying the procedures undertaken by them to review data and computations relating to each such Effective Date
Accountants' AUP Report and (y) provide to the Collateral Trustee and each Rating Agency a report (which the Issuer shall cause the
Collateral Administrator to draft and compile on its behalf in accordance with, and subject to the terms of, the Collateral
Administration Agreement) containing the following information, in each case determined as of the Effective Date (the
"Effective Date Report"): (A) the information required in a Monthly Report and (B) the Specified Test
Items and (C) a list of all Affiliate Participation Interests held by the Issuer on the Effective Date. If (i) the Issuer
provides the Effective Date Accountants' AUP Reports to the Collateral Administrator with the results of the Specified Test Items,
(ii) the Issuer causes the Collateral Administrator to provide to S&P the Effective Date Report and such report does not
indicate the failure to satisfy any component of the Specified Test Items, (iii) the results of the Specified Test Items set
forth in the Effective Date Report conform to the results set forth in the Effective Date Accountants' AUP Reports, (iv) the
S&P CDO Monitor Test is satisfied, (v) the S&P Effective Date Adjustments have been made and (vi) the Issuer or
the Collateral Administrator on behalf of the Issuer has provided to S&P the Effective Date Report and the Excel Default Model
Input File used to determine that the S&P CDO Monitor Test is satisfied, then a written confirmation from S&P of its Initial
Rating of each Class of Notes shall be deemed to have been provided (the "S&P Effective Date Condition").
If the S&P Effective Date Condition has not been satisfied, the Issuer shall request such written confirmation from S&P.

178

For the avoidance of doubt, the
Effective Date Report shall not include or refer to the Effective Date Accountants' AUP Reports and, the Issuer and the Portfolio
Manager shall not disclose to any Person (including a Holder) any information, documents or reports provided to it by such firm of
Independent accountants, other than as required by a court of competent jurisdiction or as otherwise required by applicable legal or
regulatory process. In accordance with SEC Release No. 34- 72936, Form 15-E, only in its complete and unedited form which
includes the Effective Date Accountants' Comparison AUP Report as an attachment, will be provided by the Independent accountants to
the Issuer who will post such Form 15- E, except for the redaction of any sensitive information, on the 17g-5 Website. Copies
of the Effective Date Accountants' Recalculation AUP Report or any other agreed-upon procedures report provided by the Independent
accountants to the Issuer or Portfolio Manager will not be provided to any other party including the Rating Agency or posted on the
17g-5 Website, except as set forth in this paragraph or in an access letter between such Person and the Independent accountants.

Upon receipt of the Effective Date
Report, the Collateral Trustee (if not the same Person as the Collateral Administrator) shall compare the information contained in such
Effective Date Report to the information contained in its records with respect to the Assets and shall, within three Business Days after
receipt of such Effective Date Report, notify the Issuer, the Collateral Administrator, the Rating Agency and the Portfolio Manager if
the information contained in the Effective Date Report does not conform to the information maintained by the Collateral Trustee with respect
to the Assets. If any discrepancy exists, the Collateral Trustee and the Issuer, or the Portfolio Manager on behalf of the Issuer, shall
attempt to resolve the discrepancy. If such discrepancy cannot be promptly resolved, the Collateral Trustee shall within five Business
Days of its initial notice to the Issuer, Collateral Administrator, Rating Agency and the Portfolio Manager of the discrepancy notify
the Portfolio Manager who shall, on behalf of the Issuer, request that the Independent accountants selected by the Issuer pursuant to
Section 10.9 perform agreed-upon procedures on the Effective Date Report and the Collateral Trustee's records to determine the cause
of such discrepancy. If such procedures reveals an error in the Effective Date Report or the Collateral Trustee's records, the Effective
Date Report or the Collateral Trustee's records shall be revised accordingly and notice of any error in the Effective Date Report shall
be sent as soon as practicable by the Issuer to all recipients of such report.

(e) If, by the Determination Date relating to the first Quarterly Payment Date, the Effective Date Ratings Confirmation has not been obtained
(an "Effective Date Rating Failure"), then the Portfolio Manager, on behalf of the Issuer, shall instruct the Collateral
Trustee in writing prior to the related Determination Date transfer amounts from the Ramp-Up Account to the Collection Account as Principal
Proceeds or apply Interest Proceeds to purchase additional Collateral Obligations or make payments on the Notes in an amount sufficient
to obtain the Effective Date Ratings Confirmation (provided that, the amount of such transfer would not result in an inability to pay
interest with respect to the Class A-1 Debt or the Class A-2 Debt); provided that, in the alternative, the Portfolio
Manager on behalf of the Issuer may take such other action, including but not limited to, a Special Redemption, transferring amounts from
the Ramp-Up Account to the Collection Account as Principal Proceeds or applying
Interest Proceeds (for use in a Special Redemption), sufficient to obtain the Effective Date Ratings Confirmation.

179

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if an
Effective Date Rating Failure occurs and the Portfolio Manager reasonably believes that it shall obtain the Effective Date Ratings Confirmation
without the use of Interest Proceeds to acquire additional Collateral Obligations or to effect a Special Redemption, the Portfolio Manager
may elect to retain some or all of the Interest Proceeds otherwise available for such purposes in the Collection Account for distribution
as Interest Proceeds on the second Quarterly Payment Date.

(f) The failure of the Issuer to satisfy the requirements of this Section 7.18 shall not constitute an Event of Default unless such
failure would otherwise constitute an Event of Default under Section 5.1(d) hereof and the Issuer, or the Portfolio Manager
acting on behalf of the Issuer, has acted in bad faith.

(g) On or prior to the Effective Date, the Portfolio Manager shall elect the Weighted Average S&P Recovery Rate that will apply during
the pendency of an S&P CDO Monitor Model Election Period for purposes of determining compliance with the Minimum Weighted Average
S&P Recovery Rate Test, by written notice to the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent, the Collateral Administrator and S&P. Thereafter,
at any time during the pendency of any S&P CDO Monitor Election Period, by written notice to the Collateral Trustee, the Collateral
Administrator and S&P, the Portfolio Manager may elect a different Weighted Average S&P Recovery Rate to apply to the Collateral
Obligations during the pendency of any S&P CDO Monitor Election Period; provided, that, if: (i) the Collateral Obligations are
currently in compliance with the Weighted Average S&P Recovery Rate case then applicable to the Collateral Obligations, but the Collateral
Obligations would not be in compliance with the Weighted
Average S&P Recovery Rate case to which the Portfolio Manager desires to change, then such changed case will not apply or
(ii) the Collateral Obligations are not currently in compliance with the Weighted Average S&P Recovery Rate case then
applicable to the Collateral Obligations and would not be in compliance with any other Weighted Average S&P Recovery Rate case,
the Weighted Average S&P Recovery Rate to apply to the Collateral Obligations shall be the lowest Weighted Average S&P
Recovery Rate in Schedule 5. If the Portfolio Manager does not so notify the Collateral Trustee and the Collateral Administrator
that it will alter the Weighted Average S&P Recovery Rate in the manner set forth above, the Weighted Average S&P Recovery
Rate chosen on or prior to the Effective Date will continue to apply.

(h) Compliance with the S&P CDO Monitor Test will be measured only during the Reinvestment Period and shall be measured by the Portfolio
Manager on each Measurement Date; provided that on each Measurement Date after the Effective Date and after receipt by the Issuer
of the S&P CDO Monitor, the Portfolio Manager shall provide to the Collateral Administrator a report on the portfolio of Collateral
Obligations containing such information as is reasonably necessary to permit the Collateral Administrator to calculate the Class Default
Differential with respect to the Highest Ranking S&P
Class on such Measurement Date. In the event that the Portfolio Manager's measurement of compliance and the Collateral Administrator's
measurement of compliance show different results, the Portfolio Manager and the Collateral Administrator shall cooperate promptly in order
to reconcile such discrepancy.

180

Section 7.19. Representations
Relating to Security Interests in the Assets

(a) The Issuer hereby represents and warrants that, as of the Closing Date (which representations and warranties shall survive the execution
of this Indenture and be deemed to be repeated on each date on which an Asset is Granted to the Collateral Trustee hereunder):

(i) The Issuer owns such Asset free and clear of any lien, claim or encumbrance of any person, other than such as are created under, or
permitted by, this Indenture, other than such as are released on the related Cut-Off Date contemporaneously with the purchase of such
Asset on the Cut-Off Date.

(ii) Other than the security interest Granted to the Collateral Trustee pursuant to this Indenture, except as permitted by this Indenture,
the Issuer has not pledged, assigned, sold, granted a security interest in, or otherwise conveyed any of the Assets. The Issuer has not
authorized the filing of and is not aware of any Financing Statements against the Issuer that include a description of collateral covering
the Assets other than any Financing Statement relating to the security interest Granted to the Collateral Trustee hereunder or that has
been terminated; the Issuer is not aware of any judgment, PBGC liens or tax lien filings against the Issuer.

(iii) All Assets constitute Cash, accounts (as defined in Article 9 of the UCC), Instruments, general intangibles (as defined
in Article 9 of the UCC), Uncertificated Securities, Certificated Securities or security entitlements to financial assets resulting
from the crediting of financial assets to a "securities account" (as defined in Article 8 of the UCC).

(iv) All Accounts constitute "securities accounts" (as defined in Article 8 of the UCC) or related "deposit accounts"
(as defined in Article 9 of the UCC).

(v) This Indenture creates a valid and continuing security interest (as defined in Article 1 of the UCC) in such Assets in favor
of the Collateral Trustee, for the benefit and security of the Secured Parties, which security interest is prior to all other liens, claims
and encumbrances (except as permitted otherwise in this Indenture), and is enforceable as such against creditors of and purchasers from
the Issuer.

(vi) The Issuer has caused or will have caused, within 10 days after the Closing Date, the filing of all appropriate Financing Statements
in the proper office in the appropriate jurisdictions under applicable law in order to perfect the security interest in the Assets Granted to the Collateral
Trustee, for the benefit and security of the Secured Parties.

181

(vii) None of the Instruments that constitute or evidence the Assets has any marks or notations indicating that they have been pledged,
assigned or otherwise conveyed to any Person other than the Collateral Trustee, for the benefit of the Secured Parties.

(viii) The Issuer has received all consents and approvals required by the terms of the Assets to the pledge hereunder to the Collateral Trustee
of its interest and rights in the Assets.

(ix) All Assets other than the Accounts and the Selling Institution Collateral have been credited to one or more Accounts (other than any
"general intangibles" within the meaning of the applicable Uniform Commercial Code and any instruments evidencing debt underlying
a participation held by a collateral agent).

(x) (A) The Issuer has delivered to the Collateral Trustee a fully executed Account Agreement pursuant to which the Custodian has
agreed to comply with all instructions and Entitlement Orders originated by the Collateral Trustee relating to the Accounts without further
consent by the Issuer or (B) the Issuer has taken all steps necessary to cause the Custodian to identify in its records the Collateral
Trustee as the person having a security entitlement against the Custodian in each of the Accounts or as the person who is the "customer"
(within the meaning of Section 4-104(1)(e) of the UCC) with respect to each of the Accounts.

(xi) The Accounts are not in the name of any Person other than the Issuer or the Collateral Trustee. The Issuer has not consented to the
Custodian to comply with the Entitlement Order or instruction of any Person other than the Collateral Trustee (and the Issuer prior to
a notice of exclusive control being provided by the Collateral Trustee, which notice the Collateral Trustee agrees it shall not deliver
except after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or an Enforcement Event).

(b) The Issuer agrees to notify the Rating Agency, with a copy to the Portfolio Manager, promptly if it becomes aware of the breach of
any of the representations and warranties contained in this Section 7.19 and shall not waive any of the representations and warranties
in this Section 7.19 or any breach thereof.

Section 7.20. Rule 17g-5 Compliance

(a) To enable the Rating Agency to comply with its obligations under Rule 17g-5, the Issuer shall cause to be posted on the 17g-5
Website, at the same time such information is provided to the Rating Agency, all information the Issuer provides to the Rating Agency
for the purposes of determining the initial credit ratings of the Notes or undertaking credit rating surveillance of the Notes.

182

(b) Pursuant to the Collateral Administration Agreement, the Issuer has appointed the Collateral Administrator as its agent (in such capacity,
the "Information Agent") to forward to the 17g-5 Website any information that the Information Agent receives from the
Issuer, the Collateral Trustee or the Portfolio Manager (or their respective representatives or advisors) that is designated as information
to be so posted.

(c) The Issuer and the Collateral Trustee agree that any notice, report, request for the S&P Rating Condition to be satisfied or other
information provided by any of the Issuer or the Collateral Trustee (or any of their respective representatives or advisors) to any Rating
Agency hereunder or under any other Transaction Document for the purposes of undertaking credit rating surveillance of the Notes shall
be provided, substantially concurrently, by the Issuer or the Collateral Trustee, as the case may be, to the Information Agent to forward
for posting on the 17g-5 Website in accordance with the Collateral Administration Agreement.

(d) Neither the Collateral Trustee nor the Information Agent shall have no obligation to engage in or respond to any oral communications
with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, any Transaction Documents relating hereto or in any way relating to the Debt or
for the purposes of determining the initial credit rating of the Debt or undertaking credit rating surveillance of the Debt with any Rating
Agency or any of its respective officers, directors, agents, attorneys or employees.

(e) The Collateral Trustee will not be responsible for creating or maintaining the 17g- 5 Website, posting any information to the 17g-5
Website or assuring that the 17g- 5 Website complies with the requirements of this Indenture, Rule 17g-5 or any other law or regulation.
In no event shall the Collateral Trustee be deemed to make any representation in respect of the content of the 17g-5 Website or compliance
by the 17g-5 Website with this Indenture, Rule 17g-5 or any other law or regulation.

(f) The Information Agent and the Collateral Trustee shall not be responsible or liable for the dissemination of any identification numbers
or passwords for the 17g-5 Website, including by Issuer, the Rating Agency, a nationally recognized statistical rating organization ("NRSRO"),
any of their respective agents or any other party. Additionally, neither the Information Agent nor the Collateral Trustee shall be liable
for the use of the information posted on the 17g-5 Website, whether by the Issuer, the Rating Agency, an NRSRO or any other third party
that may gain access to the 17g-5 Website or the information posted thereon.

(g) Notwithstanding anything therein to the contrary, the maintenance by the Collateral Trustee of the Collateral Trustee's Website described
in Article X shall not be deemed as compliance by or on behalf of the Issuer with Rule 17g-5 or any other law or regulation
related thereto.

(h) The Information Agent's forwarding of information to the 17g-5 Website is ministerial only and the Information Agent shall have no
obligation or duty to verify, confirm or otherwise determine whether the information being delivered to the 17g-5 Website is accurate,
complete, conforms to the transaction, or otherwise is or is not anything other than
what it purports to be. The Collateral Administrator and the Information Agent shall not be deemed to have obtained actual knowledge
of any information merely by the posting of such information to the 17g-5 Website to the extent such information was not produced by
the Collateral Trustee, the Collateral Administrator or the Information Agent, as applicable.

183

(i) In accordance with SEC Release No. 34-72936, Form 15-E, only in its complete and unedited form which includes the Effective
Date Accountants' Comparison AUP Report as an attachment shall be provided by the Independent accountants to the Issuer who shall post
such Form 15-E on the 17g-5 Website. Copies of the Effective Date Accountants' Recalculation AUP Report or any other agreed-upon
procedures report provided by the Independent accountants to the Issuer shall not be provided to any other party including the Rating
Agency or posted on the 17g-5 Website except as expressly provided for herein.

Section 7.21. Contesting Insolvency
Filings

The Issuer, upon receipt of notice
of any Bankruptcy Filing, shall, provided funds are available for such purpose, timely file an answer and any other appropriate pleading
objecting to such Bankruptcy Filing. The reasonable fees, costs, charges and expenses incurred by the Issuer (including reasonable attorneys'
fees and expenses) in connection with taking any such action shall be "Administrative Expenses" unless paid on behalf of the
Issuer.

Section 7.22. Use of Name

The Issuer acknowledges that it does
not own the "KKR", "FS KKR", "Franklin Square", "FS", "FS Investments", or related name
or trademark and is permitted to use such names solely (i) on non-exclusive, non-sublicensable basis on their own print materials
and (ii) for so long as FS KKR Capital Corp. (or an Affiliate thereof) remains the Portfolio Manager and, if FS KKR Capital Corp.
resigns or is removed as Portfolio Manager under the Portfolio Management Agreement, the Issuer shall as soon as reasonably practical
(but in no event later than 30 days after such resignation or removal) and at its own expense, change its name to remove any reference
to any such name, trademark or any similar or related reference thereto.

ARTICLE VIII

SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES

Section 8.1. Supplemental
Indentures Without Consent of Holders

(a) Without the consent of any Holder (except as expressly stated below), but with the written consent of the Portfolio Manager, the Issuer,
when authorized by Resolutions, at any time and from time to time, may, subject to Section 8.3 and without an Opinion of Counsel
being provided to the Issuer or the Collateral Trustee as to whether any Class of Debt would be materially and adversely affected
thereby, enter into one or more indentures supplemental hereto, in form reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Trustee for any of the
following purposes:

(i) to evidence the succession of another Person to the Issuer and the assumption by any such successor Person of the covenants of the
Issuer herein and in the Debt;

184

(ii) to add to the covenants of the Issuer or the Collateral Trustee for the benefit of the Secured Parties or to surrender any right or
power herein conferred upon the Issuer;

(iii) to convey, transfer, assign, mortgage or pledge any property to or with the Collateral Trustee or add to the conditions, limitations
or restrictions on the authorized amount, terms and purposes of the issue, authentication and delivery of the Debt;

(iv) to evidence and provide for the acceptance of appointment hereunder by a successor Collateral Trustee and to add to or change any
of the provisions of this Indenture as shall be necessary to facilitate the administration of the trusts hereunder by more than one Collateral
Trustee, pursuant to the requirements of Sections 6.9, 6.10 and 6.12;

(v) to correct or amplify the description of any property at any time subject to the lien of this Indenture, or to better assure, convey
and confirm unto the Collateral Trustee any property subject or required to be subjected to the lien of this Indenture (including, without
limitation, any and all actions necessary or desirable as a result of changes in law or regulations, whether pursuant to Section 7.5
or otherwise) or to subject to the lien of this Indenture any additional property;

(vi) to modify the restrictions on and procedures for resales and other transfers of Debt to assure compliance with ERISA or to reflect
any changes in ERISA or other applicable law or regulation (or the interpretation thereof) or to enable the Issuer to rely upon any exemption
from registration under the Securities Act or upon any exemption from registration as, or exclusion or exception from the definition of,
an "investment company" under the Investment Company Act or to remove restrictions on resale and transfer to the extent not
required hereunder;

(vii) to make such changes (including the removal and appointment of any listing agent, transfer agent, paying agent or additional registrar
in the country of any other listing) as shall be necessary or advisable in order for the Debt to be or remain listed on an exchange, including
such changes required or requested by any Governmental Authority, stock exchange authority, listing agent, transfer agent, paying agent
or additional registrar for any Class of Debt, or to be de-listed from an exchange;

(viii) otherwise to correct or supplement any inconsistency or defective provisions, or cure any ambiguity, omission or manifest errors in
this Indenture or to conform the provisions of this Indenture to the Offering Circular or any other Transaction Document
or other document delivered in connection with the Debt; provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary and without
regard to any other consent requirement specified herein, any supplemental indenture to be entered into pursuant to this clause (viii) may
also provide for any corrective measures or ancillary amendments to this Indenture to give effect to such supplemental indenture as if
it had been effective as of the Closing Date;

185

(ix) to take any action necessary, advisable or helpful to reduce the risk of (A) the Issuer, the Holders of any Class of Debt
or the Collateral Trustee from becoming subject to (or otherwise to minimize) any withholding or other taxes or assessments (including
any tax imposed under Section 1446 of the Code) or (B) the Issuer being treated as other than a partnership or a disregarded
entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes;

(x) at any time during the Reinvestment Period (or after the Reinvestment Period, in the case of clauses (C) and (D) below),
to facilitate the issuance by the Issuer in accordance with Sections 2.13, 3.2, 9.1 and 9.2 (for which any required consent has been obtained)
of (A) additional debt of any one or more new classes that are fully subordinated to the existing Debt (or to the most junior class
of debt of the Issuer issued pursuant to this Indenture, if any class of securities issued pursuant to this Indenture other than the Debt
is then Outstanding); (B) additional debt of any one or more existing Classes; (C) replacement debt in connection with a Refinancing;
or (D) to make such changes as are necessary to effect a Risk Retention Issuance; provided that, any modifications
in connection with the issuance of any additional debt or replacement notes, loans or other replacement obligations in connection with
a Refinancing (other than modifications determined by the Portfolio Manager to be necessary for such issuance of additional debt or replacement
debt not to be subject to (or to comply with) any U.S. Risk Retention Rules, or in connection with a Risk Retention Issuance, which shall
not require the consent of any Holder), which modifications may include the establishment of a non-call period, prohibition of future
refinancings and establishment of a Reference Rate floor as part of the interest rate, shall not require the consent of any Holder;

(xi) to accommodate the settlement of any Debt in book-entry form through the facilities of DTC or otherwise;

(xii) to change the name of the Issuer in connection with any change in name or identity of the Portfolio Manager or as otherwise required
pursuant to a contractual obligation or to avoid the use of a trade name or trademark in respect of which the Issuer does not have a license;

(xiii) to amend, modify or otherwise accommodate changes to this Indenture to comply with any rule or regulation, enacted or modified
by any regulatory agency of the United States federal government after the
Closing Date that is applicable to the Debt;

186

(xiv) with the consent of a Majority of the Controlling Class, to enter into any additional agreements not expressly prohibited by this
Indenture or any amendment, modification or waiver (including, without limitation, amendments, modifications and waivers to this Indenture
to the extent not described in this Section 8.1), so long as such agreement, amendment, modification or waiver is not reasonably
expected to materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of any Holders of any Class of Debt; provided that,
any such additional agreements include customary limited recourse and non-petition provisions;

(xv) to change the date (but not the frequency) on which reports are required to be delivered under this Indenture;

(xvi) to modify provisions of this Indenture relating to the creation, perfection and preservation of the security interest of the Collateral
Trustee in Assets to conform with applicable law;

(xvii) to amend, modify or otherwise accommodate changes to this Indenture so that (A) the Issuer is not a "covered fund"
under the Volcker Rule, (B) the Debt are not considered to constitute "ownership interests" under the Volcker Rule or
(C) ownership of the Debt will otherwise be exempt from the Volcker Rule;

(xviii) to modify the procedures in this Indenture relative to compliance with Rule 17g-5 or to permit compliance with the Dodd-Frank
Act (including the U.S. Risk Retention Rules) and/or the Commodity Exchange Act and the Securitization Laws and/or the EU/UK Transparency
Requirements, as each may be amended or superseded from time to time, as applicable to the Issuer, the Portfolio Manager or the Debt or
any rules or regulations thereunder or to reduce costs to the Issuer as a result thereof;

(xix) to accommodate an assignment by the Portfolio Manager, pursuant to the provisions of the Portfolio Management Agreement, of all of
its rights and obligations under the Portfolio Management Agreement; provided that, a Majority of the Controlling Class,
to the extent materially and adversely affected thereby, has consented to such supplemental indenture;

(xx) to make any changes necessary or advisable in connection with the adoption of a Fallback Rate, including Reference Rate Replacement
Conforming Changes;

(xxi) subject to the approval of a Majority of the Interests (but without the consent of any other Holder, notwithstanding anything to the
contrary otherwise contained herein), in connection with a Refinancing of all Classes of Debt in full, to (a) effect an extension
of the end of the Reinvestment Period, (b) establish a non-call period for the
replacement notes or loans or other financial arrangements issued or entered into in connection with such Refinancing, (c) modify
the Weighted Average Life Test, (d) provide for a stated maturity of the replacement notes or loans or other financial arrangements
issued or entered into in connection with such Refinancing that is later than the Stated Maturity of the Debt or (e) make any other
amendments that would otherwise be subject to the consent rights of any other Holders pursuant to this Article VIII;

187

(xxii) with the consent of a Majority of the Controlling Class, to modify any defined term in Section 1.1 or any Schedule to this Indenture
that begins with or includes the word "S&P" (other than the defined term "S&P Rating Condition"); provided
that the S&P Rating Condition shall have been satisfied with respect to such supplemental indenture;

(xxiii) with the consent of a Majority of the Controlling Class, to modify or amend (A) the Investment Criteria, (B) the
restrictions on the sales of Collateral Obligations, (C) the Collateral Quality Test and the definitions related thereto or the calculation
thereof or (D) any component of the Concentration Limitations and the definitions related thereto or the calculation thereof, so
long as the Portfolio Manager certifies in an Officer's certificate that no Class of Debt then-Outstanding (other than the Controlling
Class) would be materially and adversely affected thereby;

(xxiv) with the consent of a Majority of the Controlling Class, to modify the definition of "Credit Improved Obligation", "Equity
Security", "Defaulted Obligation" or "Credit Risk Obligation", the restrictions on sales of Collateral Obligations
set forth in Section 12.1 or the Investment Criteria set forth in Section 12.2, any limitation in the definition of "Concentration
Limitations", any Collateral Quality Test (so long as, in the case of any modification to the S&P CDO Monitor Test to which modifications
under Section 8.1(b) would not apply, the S&P Rating Condition is satisfied with respect thereto);

(xxv) (A) to make any modification or amendment determined by the Issuer or the Portfolio Manager as necessary or advisable to enable
the Issuer to rely upon the exemption from registration as an investment company provided by Rule 3a-7 under the Investment Company
Act or another exemption or exclusion from registration as an investment company under the Investment Company Act (other than Section 3(c)(1) or
Section 3(c)(7) thereof) or (B) to take any action necessary or advisable to prevent the Issuer or the pool of Assets to
be required to register under the Investment Company Act, or to avoid any requirement that the Portfolio Manager or any Affiliate consolidate
with the Issuer on its financial statements for financial reporting purposes;

188

(xxvi) to modify any provision to facilitate an exchange of one obligation for another obligation of the same Obligor that has substantially
identical terms except transfer restrictions, including to effect any serial designation relating to the exchange; provided that,
no such supplemental indenture shall be required to facilitate any exchange of one obligation for another obligation in accordance
with Article XII hereof;

(xxvii) to make any modification determined by the Portfolio Manager to be necessary or advisable to comply with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules,
the Securitization Laws or the EU/UK Transparency Requirements, including (without limitation), in connection with an Optional Redemption,
Refinancing, Re-Pricing, additional issuance or incurrence of debt pursuant to Section 2.13 or material amendment to any of the Transaction
Documents;

(xxviii) to amend, modify or otherwise accommodate changes to this Indenture to comply with any state, rule, regulation or technical or interpretive
guidance enacted, effective or issued by any applicable Governmental Authority after the Closing Date that are applicable to the Issuer,
the Debt or the transactions contemplated hereunder or by the Offering Circular, including any applicable Securitization Laws, U.S. Risk
Retention Rules, securities laws or the Dodd-Frank Act and all rules, regulations and technical or interpretive guidance thereunder;

(xxix) to reduce the Minimum Denominations of the Debt;

(xxx) to amend, modify or otherwise accommodate changes to this Indenture or to take any action not otherwise permissible hereunder to avoid
any requirement that the Portfolio Manager or any Affiliate consolidate with the Issuer on its financial statements for financial reporting
purposes, in each case, with the prior written consent of the Holders of a Majority
of any Class of Debt to the extent such Holders are materially and adversely affected thereby; and

(xxxi) in connection with a Refinancing, subject to Sections 9.2(f)(v), 9.2(f)(viii) and 9.2(f)(ix), to effect a Permitted Senior Partial
Refinancing.

(b) In addition, the Issuer and the Collateral Trustee may enter into supplemental indentures to (A) to evidence any waiver or elimination
by any Rating Agency of any requirement or condition of such Rating Agency set forth herein or (B) conform to ratings criteria and
other guidelines relating generally to collateral debt obligations published by any Rating Agency, including any alternative methodology
published by any Rating Agency.

189

Section 8.2. Supplemental
Indentures With Consent of Holders

(a) With the consent of the Portfolio Manager, a Majority of the Debt of each Class materially and adversely affected thereby (which
consent may be deemed as set forth in Section 8.3(d) below),
if any, the Collateral Trustee and the Issuer may execute one or more indentures supplemental hereto to add any provisions to, or change
in any manner or eliminate any of the provisions of, this Indenture or modify in any manner the rights of the Holders of the Debt of any
Class under this Indenture; provided that, notwithstanding anything in this Indenture to the contrary, no such supplemental
indenture shall, without the consent of each Holder of each Outstanding Note of each Class materially and adversely affected thereby:

(i) change the Stated Maturity of the principal of or the due date of any installment of interest on any Debt, reduce the principal amount
thereof, reduce the rate of interest thereon (other than in connection with a Refinancing, Re-Pricing, or in connection with the adoption
of a Fallback Rate, the implementation of any Reference Rate Replacement Conforming Changes pursuant to Section 8.1(a)(xx)), or,
except as otherwise expressly permitted by this Indenture, reduce the Redemption Price with respect to any Note, or change the earliest
date on which Debt of any Class may be redeemed or prepaid to an earlier date, change the provisions of this Indenture relating to
the application of proceeds of any Assets to the payment of principal of or interest on the Debt or distributions to the Issuer (other
than, following a redemption in full of the Debt, an amendment to permit distributions to the Issuer or the holders of Interests on dates
other than Payment Dates) or change any place where, or the coin or currency in which, Debt or the principal thereof or interest or any
distribution thereon is payable, or impair the right to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment on or after the Stated
Maturity thereof (or, in the case of redemption, on or after the applicable Redemption Date); provided that, with respect
to lowering the rate of interest payable on a Class of Debt, the consent of Holders of the other Classes of Debt shall not be required;

(ii) reduce or increase the percentage of the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of Holders of each Class whose consent is required for
the authorization of any such supplemental indenture or for any waiver of compliance with certain provisions of this Indenture or certain
defaults hereunder or their consequences provided for in this Indenture;

(iii) materially impair or materially adversely affect the Assets except as otherwise permitted in this Indenture;

(iv) except as otherwise permitted by this Indenture, permit the creation of any lien ranking prior to or on a parity with the lien of
this Indenture with respect to any part of the Assets or terminate such lien on any property at any time subject hereto or deprive the
Holder of any Note of the security afforded by the lien of this Indenture;

(v) reduce or increase the percentage of the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of Holders of any Class of Debt whose consent is required
to request the Collateral Trustee to preserve the Assets or rescind the Collateral Trustee's election to preserve the Assets pursuant to Section 5.5
or to sell or liquidate the Assets pursuant to Section 5.4 or 5.5;

190

(vi) modify any of the provisions of this Indenture with respect to entering into supplemental indentures, except to increase the percentage
of Outstanding Debt or Interests the consent of the Holders of which is required for any such action or to provide that certain other
provisions of this Indenture cannot be modified or waived without the consent of the Holder of each Note or Interest Outstanding and materially
and adversely affected thereby;

(vii) other than with regard to administrative changes in relation to an Optional Redemption or
Refinancing, Re-Pricing or issuance or incurrence of additional debt and other than in connection with modifications solely related
to splitting one Class of Debt into two sub-Classes in the case of a Refinancing or solely related to a Permitted Senior
Partial Refinancing, modify the definition of the term "Controlling Class," the definition of the term "Class,"
the definition of the term "Debt," the definition of the term "Majority," the definition of the term "Supermajority,"
the definition of the term "Outstanding" or the Priority of Payments set forth in Section 11.1(a); or

(viii) modify any of the provisions of this Indenture in such a manner as to affect the rights of the Holders of any Debt to the benefit
of any provisions for the redemption of such Debt contained herein.

(b) With the consent of the Portfolio Manager and a Majority of the Controlling Class, the Collateral Trustee and the Issuer may execute
one or more indentures supplemental hereto to modify or amend any component of the Concentration Limitations and the definitions related
thereto which affect the calculation thereof.

(c) [Reserved].

(d) With the consent of the Portfolio Manager and a Majority of each Class materially and adversely affected thereby, the Collateral
Trustee and the Issuer may execute one or more supplemental indentures to modify the Subordinated Management Fee.

(e) If any supplemental indenture permits the Issuer to enter into a hedge agreement, swap or derivative transaction (each, a "Hedge
Agreement"), the Issuer and the Collateral Trustee shall not enter into such supplemental indenture without the consent of a
Majority of the Controlling Class and a Majority of the Interests; provided that, the supplemental indenture shall
require that, before entering into any such Hedge Agreement, the following additional conditions are satisfied: (i) either (1) the
Portfolio Manager is registered as a commodity pool operator with the CFTC or (2) the Portfolio Manager is exempt from registration
with the CFTC as a commodity pool operator and (ii) the S&P Rating Condition has been satisfied with respect thereto.

191

Section 8.3. Execution
of Supplemental Indentures

(a) The Collateral Trustee shall join in the execution of any such supplemental indenture and to make any further appropriate agreements
and stipulations which may be therein contained, but the Collateral Trustee shall not be obligated to enter into any such supplemental
indenture which affects the Collateral Trustee's own rights, duties, liabilities or immunities under this Indenture or otherwise, except
to the extent required by law.

(b) In executing or accepting the additional trusts created by any supplemental indenture permitted by this Article VIII or the modifications
thereby of the trusts created by this Indenture, the Collateral Trustee will be entitled to receive, and (subject to Sections 6.1 and
6.3) will be fully protected in relying in good faith upon, an Opinion of Counsel stating that the execution of such supplemental indenture
is authorized or permitted by this Indenture and that all conditions precedent thereto have been complied with.

(c) At the cost of the Issuer, for so long as any Debt shall remain Outstanding, not later than 10 Business Days (or, in the case of a
supplemental indenture effecting a Refinancing, five Business Days) prior to the execution of any proposed supplemental indenture pursuant
to Section 8.1 or Section 8.2, the Collateral Trustee will provide to the Portfolio Manager, the Collateral Administrator, the
Rating Agency and the Holders a notice attaching a copy of such supplemental indenture. Any consent given to a proposed supplemental indenture
by the Holder of any Note shall be irrevocable and binding on all future holders or beneficial owners of that Note, irrespective of the
execution date of the supplemental indenture. If the required consent to a proposed supplemental indenture is received from the applicable
Holders prior to the end of the applicable notice period, the supplemental indenture may be executed prior to the end of such period.
If the Holders of the required percentage of the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of the relevant Debt have not consented to a proposed supplemental
indenture within three Business Days prior to the proposed execution date thereof, on the first Business Day following such period, the
Collateral Trustee shall provide all such consents (and any other applicable responses from the Holders) received to the Issuer and the
Portfolio Manager so that they may determine which Holders have consented to the proposed supplemental indenture and which Holders (and,
to the extent such information is available to the Collateral Trustee, which beneficial owners) have not consented to the proposed supplemental
indenture of the Class A Credit Agreements. In the case of a supplemental indenture being entered into pursuant to Section 8.1(a)(x)(C),
the foregoing notice periods shall not apply and a copy of the proposed supplemental indenture shall be included in the notice of Optional
Redemption provided to each holder of Debt pursuant to Section 9.2.

192

(d) Unless, within ten Business Days after the Collateral Trustee sends notice to the Holders of any proposed supplemental indenture,
a Majority of any Class from whom consent is not being requested notifies the Collateral Trustee and the Issuer that the Holders
of such Class believe that they will be materially and adversely affected by such proposed supplemental indenture, the Holders of
such Class will be deemed for all purposes not to be materially and adversely affected by such proposed supplemental indenture. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, and solely for purposes of any supplemental indenture proposed pursuant to Sections 8.1 or 8.2, a Holder
shall be deemed to have provided consent to any amendment or modification undertaken pursuant thereto if (i) such Holder affirmatively
provides written consent or (ii) such Holder fails to deliver written objection (including via e-mail to the address provided in
the notice of supplemental indenture) to such amendment or modification on or prior to the tenth Business Day following the date on which
notice of such amendment or modification is sent by the Collateral Trustee.

(e) At the cost of the Issuer, the Collateral Trustee will provide to the Portfolio Manager, the Collateral Administrator, the Holders
and the Rating Agency a copy of the executed supplemental indenture after its execution. Any failure of the Collateral Trustee to provide
such notice, or any defect therein, will not in any way impair or affect the validity of any such supplemental indenture.

(f) It shall not be necessary for any Act of Holders to approve the particular form of any proposed supplemental indenture, but it shall
be sufficient, if the consent of any Holders to such proposed supplemental indenture is required, that such Act shall approve the substance
thereof.

(g) The Portfolio Manager shall not be bound to follow any amendment or supplement to this Indenture unless it has received written notice
of such amendment or supplement and a copy of such amendment or supplement from the Issuer or the Collateral Trustee. The Collateral Trustee
will not be obligated to enter into any amendment or supplement that, as determined by the Collateral Trustee, adversely affects its duties,
obligations, liabilities or protections under this Indenture. No amendment to this Indenture will be effective against the Collateral
Administrator or the Loan Agent if such amendment would adversely affect the Collateral Administrator or the Loan Agent, including, without
limitation, any amendment or supplement that would increase the duties or liabilities of, or adversely change the economic consequences
to, the Collateral Administrator or the Loan Agent, unless the Collateral Administrator or the Loan Agent otherwise consents in writing.
No amendment or supplement to this Indenture shall amend or modify this Section 8.3 without the Portfolio Manager's prior written
consent in its sole and absolute discretion.

(h) Notwithstanding any other provision relating to supplemental indentures herein, at any time after the expiration of the Non-Call Period,
if any Class of Debt has been or, contemporaneously with the effectiveness of any supplemental indenture will be, paid in full in
accordance with this Indenture as so supplemented or amended, the written consent of any Holder of any Note of such Class, as applicable,
will not be required with respect to such supplemental indenture.

193

(i) With respect to any supplemental indenture that explicitly requires the consent of any Holders materially and adversely affected hereby,
the Collateral Trustee may conclusively rely on an Opinion of Counsel (which may be supported as to factual (including financial and capital markets)
matters by any relevant certificates and other documents necessary or advisable in the judgment of counsel delivering the opinion) or
an Officer's certificate of the Issuer or the Portfolio Manager, as applicable, as to whether the interests of any Holder (to the extent
any such Holder has not objected in writing within ten (10) days of notice being given of any such supplemental indenture) would
be, or reasonably be expected to be, materially and adversely affected by the modifications set forth in supplemental indenture, it being
expressly understood and agreed that the Collateral Trustee shall have no obligation to make any determination as to the satisfaction
of the requirements related to any supplemental indenture which may form the basis of such Opinion of Counsel. Such determination shall
be conclusive and binding on all present and future Holders. The Collateral Trustee shall not be liable for any such determination made
in good faith and in reliance upon an Opinion of Counsel delivered to the Collateral Trustee as described in this Section 8.3(i).

(j) Any Class of Debt being refinanced shall be deemed not to be materially and adversely affected by terms of the supplemental indenture
related to such Refinancing or that become effective on the refinancing date. Any Non-Consenting Holders of a Re-Priced Class shall
be deemed not to be materially and adversely affected by any terms of the supplemental indenture related to, in connection with and to
become effective on or immediately after the Re-Pricing Date with respect to such Class.

Section 8.4. Effect
of Supplemental Indentures

Upon the execution of any supplemental
indenture under this Article VIII, this Indenture shall be modified in accordance therewith, and such supplemental indenture shall
form a part of this Indenture for all purposes; and every Holder theretofore and thereafter authenticated and delivered hereunder shall
be bound thereby.

Section 8.5. Reference
in Debt to Supplemental Indentures

Debt authenticated and delivered, including
as part of a transfer, exchange or replacement pursuant to Article II of Debt originally issued or incurred hereunder, after the
execution of any supplemental indenture pursuant to this Article VIII may, and if required by the Issuer shall, bear a notice as
to any matter provided for in such supplemental indenture. If the Issuer shall so determine, new Debt, so modified as to conform in the
opinion of the Issuer to any such supplemental indenture, may be prepared and executed by the Issuer and authenticated and delivered by
the Collateral Trustee in exchange for Outstanding Debt.

Section 8.6. Re-Pricing
Amendment

For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer
and the Collateral Trustee may, without regard for the provisions of this Article VIII (other than Section 8.3(b)), enter into
a supplemental indenture pursuant to Section 9.8(d) solely to modify the spread over the Reference Rate (or stated interest
rate, in the case of Fixed Rate Debt) applicable to a Re-Priced Class, and, to the extent applicable, to extend the Non-Call Period applicable
to such Re-Priced Class or make changes to the definition of "Redemption Price" (any such amendment, a "Re-Pricing
Amendment").

194

ARTICLE IX 

REDEMPTION OF DEBT

Section 9.1. Mandatory
Redemption

If a Coverage Test is not met on any
Determination Date on which such Coverage Test is applicable, the Issuer shall apply available amounts in the Payment Account pursuant
to the Priority of Payments on the related Quarterly Payment Date to make payments in accordance with the Debt Payment Sequence to the
extent necessary to achieve compliance with such Coverage Test, as applicable.

Section 9.2. Optional
Redemption

(a) On any Business Day after the Non-Call Period, at the written direction of a Majority of the Interests (with the consent of the Portfolio
Manager), (i) the Debt shall be redeemed or prepaid by the Issuer in whole (with respect to all Classes of Debt) but not in part
from Sale Proceeds and/or Refinancing Proceeds, all other available proceeds from a Contribution (if applicable) and all other funds available
for such purpose in the Collection Account and the Payment Account; or (ii) the Debt shall be redeemed or prepaid by the Issuer in
part by Class from Refinancing Proceeds, Partial Redemption Interest Proceeds (so long as any Class of Debt to be redeemed or
prepaid represents not less than the entire Class of such Debt) and all other available proceeds from a Contribution (if applicable).
In connection with any such redemption (each such redemption, an "Optional Redemption"), the Debt shall be redeemed or
prepaid at the applicable Redemption Prices. To effect an Optional Redemption, the above described written direction must be provided
to the Issuer and the Collateral Trustee (with a copy to the Portfolio Manager) not later than 12 Business Days prior to the Business
Day on which such redemption is to be made, or such shorter period (not to be less than one Business Day) as the Collateral Trustee and
the Portfolio Manager may agree; provided that, all Debt to be redeemed or prepaid must be redeemed or prepaid simultaneously.

(b) Upon receipt of a notice of an Optional Redemption of the Debt in whole but not in part pursuant to Section 9.2(a)(i) (subject
to Sections 9.2(d) and 9.2(e) with respect to a redemption from proceeds that include Refinancing Proceeds), the Portfolio Manager
shall direct the sale (and the manner thereof), acting in accordance with the Portfolio Manager Standard to maximize the proceeds of such
sale, of all or part of the Collateral Obligations and other Assets in an amount sufficient that the proceeds from such sale, any Refinancing
Proceeds (if applicable), all other available proceeds from a Contribution (if applicable), and all other funds available for such purpose
in the Collection Account and the Payment Account will be at least sufficient to pay the Redemption Prices of the Debt to be redeemed
or prepaid (or such lesser amount that the Holders of such Class have elected to receive, where Holders of such Class have elected
to receive less than 100% of the Redemption Price that would
otherwise be payable to the Holders of such Class), all amounts senior in right of payment to the Debt (including any accrued and unpaid
Base Management Fee) and all accrued and unpaid Administrative Expenses (regardless of the Administrative Expense Cap) payable under the
Priority of Payments (collectively, the "Required Redemption Amount"). If such proceeds of such sale, any Refinancing
Proceeds (if applicable), all other available proceeds from a Contribution (if applicable) and all other funds available for such purpose
in the Collection Account and the Payment Account would not be at least equal to the Required Redemption Amount, the Debt may not be redeemed
or prepaid. The Portfolio Manager, in its sole discretion, may effect the sale of all or any part of the Collateral Obligations or other
Assets through the direct sale of such Collateral Obligations or other Assets or by participation or other arrangement.

195

(c) [Reserved].

(d) In addition to (or in lieu of) a sale of Assets in the manner provided in Section 9.2(b) in connection with any Optional
Redemption of all of the Debt on or after the end of the Non-Call Period, (i) the Issuer may enter into a commitment with a collateralized
loan obligation transaction or similar transaction to purchase Collateral Obligations in an amount at least equal to (together with all
other available funds) the aggregate Redemption Prices for the Debt subject to such Optional Redemption and/or effect a Refinancing; provided
that, the terms of such Refinancing must be acceptable to the Portfolio Manager and a Majority of the Interests and such Refinancing
otherwise satisfies the conditions described below and (ii) the Debt may be redeemed or prepaid in whole from Refinancing Proceeds
and Sale Proceeds or in part by Class from Refinancing Proceeds, Partial Redemption Interest Proceeds, any other proceeds received
pursuant to clause (i) above, and all other available proceeds from a Contribution as provided in Section 9.2(a)(ii). For the
avoidance of doubt, any Class of Debt may be redeemed or prepaid from Refinancing Proceeds resulting from a loan obtained by the
Issuer.

(e) In the case of a Refinancing upon a redemption of the Debt in whole but not in part pursuant to Section 9.2(a)(i), such Refinancing
will be effective only if: (i) the Refinancing Proceeds, all Sale Proceeds from the sale of Collateral Obligations and Eligible Investments
in accordance with the procedures set forth herein, and all other available funds will be at least sufficient to redeem or prepay simultaneously
the Debt, in whole but not in part, and to pay the other amounts included in the Required Redemption Amount, including the reasonable
fees, costs, charges and expenses incurred by the Issuer, the Collateral Trustee, the Portfolio Manager and the Collateral Administrator
(including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses) in connection with such Refinancing; provided that to the extent there are
insufficient funds available to pay any portion of such expenses and fees on the date of any such Refinancing, such portion shall be paid
on the next succeeding Payment Date or any Payment Date thereafter, as determined by the Portfolio Manager in its sole discretion (as
long as sufficient Interest Proceeds will remain to pay any interest due and payable on the Debt on such Payment Date); (ii) the
Sale Proceeds, Refinancing Proceeds and other available
funds are used (to the extent necessary) to make such redemption; (iii) the agreements relating to the Refinancing contain limited
recourse and non-petition provisions equivalent (mutatis mutandis) to those contained in Section 2.7(i), Section 5.4(d) and
Section 13.1(d); and (iv) a Majority of the Interests and the Portfolio Manager have consented to such Refinancing. The Portfolio
Manager, in connection with a Refinancing pursuant to which all Debt are being refinanced, may designate Principal Proceeds up to the
Excess Par Amount as of the related Determination Date as Interest Proceeds for payment on the Redemption Date. Notice of any such designation
will be provided to the Collateral Trustee (with a copy to the Rating Agency) on or before the related Determination Date.

196

(f) In the case of a Refinancing upon a redemption of the Debt in part by Class pursuant to
Section 9.2(d), such Refinancing will be effective only if (i) the Rating Agency has been notified of such Refinancing,
(ii) the Refinancing Proceeds together with any Available Interest Proceeds and any Partial Redemption Interest Proceeds will
be at least sufficient to pay in full the aggregate Redemption Prices of the entire Class or Classes of Debt subject to
Refinancing, (iii) the Refinancing Proceeds are used (to the extent necessary) to make such redemption, (iv) the
agreements relating to the Refinancing contain limited recourse and non-petition provisions equivalent (mutatis mutandis) to
those contained in Section 2.7(i), Section 5.4(d) and Section 13.1(d), (v) for each Class of Debt
being refinanced, the aggregate principal amount of any obligations providing the Refinancing is equal to the Aggregate Outstanding
Amount of the Class of Debt being redeemed or prepaid with the proceeds of such obligations; provided that a single
Class may be split into a junior and senior sub- Class or a senior and junior sub-Class may be combined into a single
Class if the aggregate principal amounts of the junior and senior sub-Class are equal to the split Class or the
aggregate principal amount of the combined Class is equal to the senior and junior sub-Class, as applicable; provided
further that the requirements of this clause (v) need not be satisfied in connection with a Permitted Senior Partial
Refinancing so long as the requirements of clause (viii)(z) below are satisfied with respect to such Permitted Senior Partial
Refinancing, (vi) the stated maturity of each class of obligations providing the Refinancing is no earlier than the
corresponding Stated Maturity of each Class of Debt being refinanced, (vii) the reasonable fees, costs, charges and
expenses incurred in connection with such Refinancing have been paid or will be adequately provided for from the Refinancing
Proceeds, Partial Redemption Interest Proceeds and all other available proceeds from a Contribution (except for expenses owed to
persons that the Portfolio Manager informs the Collateral Trustee will be paid solely as Administrative Expenses payable on one or
more succeeding Payment Dates in accordance with the Priority of Payments); provided that to the extent there are
insufficient funds available to pay any portion of such expenses and fees on the date of any such Refinancing, such portion will be
paid in accordance with the Priority of Payments on the next succeeding Payment Date or any Payment Date thereafter, as determined
by the Portfolio Manager in its sole discretion (as long as sufficient Interest Proceeds will remain to pay any interest due and
payable on the Debt on such Payment Date), (viii) the spread over the Reference Rate or the fixed interest rate, as applicable, of each class
of obligations providing the Refinancing will not be greater than the spread over the Reference Rate or the fixed interest rate, as applicable,
of the Debt of the corresponding Class being refinanced by such new class of obligations and the weighted average of the spread over
the Reference Rate and the fixed rates payable in respect of all of the obligations providing the Refinancing is less than or equal to
the weighted average of the spread over the Reference Rate and the fixed rate payable on all of the Classes of Debt being refinanced (determined
based on the respective spreads over the Reference Rate or the fixed interest rate, as applicable, of such Classes of Debt); provided
that (x) any Fixed Rate Debt may be refinanced with obligations that bear interest at a floating rate (i.e., at a stated spread
over the Reference Rate) so long as the Adjusted Swap Rate of such class of Floating Rate Debt will not exceed the coupon of the relevant
Class of Fixed Rate Debt being refinanced, (y) any Class of Floating Rate Debt may be refinanced with obligations that
bear interest at a fixed rate so long as the coupon of such Fixed Rate Debt will not exceed the Adjusted Swap Rate of such class of Floating
Rate Debt being refinanced and (z) two or more Classes of Debt may be combined and refinanced into one or more Classes in a Permitted
Senior Partial Refinancing if the spread over the Reference Rate of such resulting Class (or weighted average spread of resulting
Classes) is less than the weighted average spread over the Reference Rate of the Classes being combined or refinanced, (ix) the obligations
providing the Refinancing are subject to the Priority of Payments and do not rank higher in priority pursuant to the Priority of Payments
than the Class of Debt being refinanced; provided that a single Class may be split into a junior and senior sub-Class or
a senior and junior sub-Class may be combined into a single Class; provided further that two or more Classes of Debt may be
combined and refinanced into one or more Classes in a Permitted Senior Partial Refinancing if the aggregate principal amount of such Class or
Classes of Debt is equal to the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Classes being redeemed or prepaid, (x) the voting rights, consent
rights, redemption rights and all other rights of the obligations providing the Refinancing are the same as the rights of the corresponding
Class of Debt being refinanced except that, the earliest date on which the obligations providing the Refinancing may be redeemed
or prepaid at the option of the Issuer may be different from the earliest date on which the Debt redeemed or prepaid in connection with
such Refinancing were subject to redemption at the option of the Issuer; provided that the requirements of this clause (x) need
not be satisfied in connection with a Permitted Senior Partial Refinancing; and (xi) a Majority of the Interests and the Portfolio
Manager have consented to such Refinancing. Subject to the requirements in this Section 9.2(f), both Fixed Rate Debt and Floating
Rate Debt may be refinanced with obligations that bear a fixed or floating (i.e., the applicable Reference Rate plus a stated spread)
rate of interest and any Pari Passu Classes may be refinanced with a single class of refinancing obligations that bears a fixed or floating
(i.e., the applicable Reference Rate plus a stated spread) rate of interest; provided, that if any Floating Rate Debt are being refinanced
in a Refinancing in part with Fixed Rate Debt, the Global Rating Agency Condition is satisfied with respect to any Class of Debt
not being redeemed or prepaid in such partial redemption.

197

(g) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any Refinancing Proceeds from a Refinancing upon a redemption of the Debt in part
by Class pursuant to Section 9.2(d) will not constitute Interest Proceeds or Principal Proceeds, but shall be applied directly
on the related Partial Redemption Date together with Partial Redemption Interest Proceeds and all other available proceeds from a Contribution
to redeem or prepay the corresponding Class of Debt being refinanced without regard to the Priority of Payments; provided,
that to the extent such proceeds are not applied to redeem or prepay the corresponding Class of Debt being refinanced or to pay related
Administrative Expenses, such Refinancing Proceeds will be treated as Principal Proceeds.

(h) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if a Refinancing is obtained meeting the requirements specified above as certified
by the Portfolio Manager, the Issuer and, at the direction of the Portfolio Manager, the Collateral Trustee shall amend this Indenture
to the extent necessary to reflect the terms of the Refinancing and no further consent for such amendments shall be required from the
Holders of any Class of Debt. In connection with a Refinancing upon a redemption of Debt in whole or in part, any Refinancing Proceeds
that remain after paying the applicable Redemption Prices and related Administrative Expenses will be transferred to the Collection Account
as Principal Proceeds; provided that, in connection with a redemption upon a Refinancing in whole of the Debt the Portfolio
Manager may designate any such remaining Refinancing Proceeds as Interest Proceeds for use on or after the Redemption Date.

Section 9.3. Tax
Redemption

(a) The Debt shall be redeemed or prepaid on any Business Day in whole but not in part (any such redemption, a "Tax Redemption")
at the applicable Redemption Prices from Sale Proceeds and all other funds available for such purpose in the Collection Account and the
Payment Account at the written direction (delivered to the Collateral Trustee, with a copy to the Portfolio Manager) of (x) a Majority
of any Affected Class or (y) a Majority of the Interests, in either case following (I) the occurrence and continuation
of a Tax Event with respect to payments under one or more Collateral Obligations forming part of the Assets which results in a payment
by, or charge or tax burden to, the Issuer that results or will result in the withholding of 5.0% or more of Scheduled Distributions for
any Collection Period or (II) the occurrence and continuation of a Tax Event resulting in a tax burden on the Issuer in an aggregate
amount in any Collection Period in excess of U.S.$1,000,000.

(b) Upon its receipt of such written direction directing a Tax Redemption, the Collateral Trustee shall promptly notify the Holders and
the Rating Agency thereof.

(c) If an Officer of the Portfolio Manager obtains actual knowledge of the occurrence of a Tax Event, the Portfolio Manager shall promptly
notify the Issuer, the Collateral Administrator and the Collateral Trustee thereof, and upon receipt of such notice the Collateral Trustee
shall promptly notify the Holders and the Rating Agency thereof.

198

Section 9.4. Redemption
Procedures

(a) In the event of any Optional Redemption pursuant to Section 9.2, the written direction of the Issuer and/or the Majority of the
Interests shall be provided to the Collateral Trustee (with a copy to the Portfolio Manager in the case of direction of the Issuer) not
later than twelve (12) Business Days (or such shorter period as the Collateral Trustee and the Portfolio Manager may agree) prior to the
Business Day on which such redemption is to be made (which date shall be designated in such notice) and the Issuer shall, at least twelve
(12) Business Days prior to the Redemption Date (or such shorter period as the Collateral Trustee and the Portfolio Manager may agree),
notify the Collateral Trustee in writing (and the Collateral Trustee in turn shall, in the name and at the expense of the Issuer, notify
the Holders and the Rating Agency, with a copy to the Portfolio Manager, at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the Redemption
Date) of such Redemption Date, the applicable Record Date, the principal amount of Debt to be redeemed or prepaid on such Redemption Date
and the applicable Redemption Prices. Notice of a Tax Redemption pursuant to Section 9.3 shall be provided not later than ten (10) Business
Days prior to the applicable Redemption Date to each Holder at such Holder's address in the Register and the Rating Agency.

(b) All notices of redemption delivered pursuant to Section 9.4(a) shall state:

(i) the applicable Redemption Date or, with respect to an Optional Redemption by Sale Proceeds, the applicable Redemption Date or any
Deferred Redemption Date designated in accordance with Section 9.4(d) below;

(ii) the Redemption Prices of the Debt to be redeemed or prepaid;

(iii) that all of the Debt to be redeemed or prepaid are to be redeemed or prepaid in full and that interest on such Debt shall cease to
accrue on the Redemption Date specified in the notice or, with respect to an Optional Redemption by Sale Proceeds, any Deferred Redemption
Date designated for any Class in accordance with Section 9.4(d); and

(iv) the place or places where Debt are to be surrendered for payment of the Redemption Prices, which shall be the Corporate Trust Office.

199

The Issuer may, and, if directed
by a Majority of the Interests or the Portfolio Manager, as applicable, shall, withdraw any notice of an Optional Redemption
delivered pursuant to Section 9.2 (or any notice of a Tax Redemption delivered pursuant to Section 9.3, if the Portfolio
Manager believes that the proceeds of the Assets will be insufficient to pay, together with other required amounts, the Redemption
Price of any Class of Debt, and Holders of such Class have not elected to receive the lesser amount that will be
available), following good faith efforts by the Issuer and the Portfolio Manager to facilitate such redemption on any day up to and
including the Business Day before the proposed Redemption Date. Any withdrawal of such notice of an Optional Redemption will be made
by written notice to the Collateral Trustee (with a copy to the Portfolio Manager, if applicable). If the Issuer so withdraws any
notice of an Optional Redemption or Tax Redemption or is otherwise unable to complete a redemption of the Debt pursuant to
Section 9.2 or 9.3, the proceeds received from the sale of any Collateral Obligations and other Assets sold in contemplation of
such redemption may be reinvested in accordance with the Investment Criteria during the Reinvestment Period at the Portfolio
Manager's sole discretion (on behalf of the Issuer). The Collateral Trustee will provide notice, in the name and at the expense of
the Issuer, to the Holders, the Portfolio Manager and the Rating Agency of the withdrawal of any notice of redemption.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that a scheduled Refinancing upon a redemption of the Debt in whole fails to settle,
such redemption will be deemed to be revoked and no payments will be due to any Holder on account of such redemption.

Notice of redemption pursuant to Section 9.2
or 9.3 (including, without limitation, in respect of a Deferred Redemption Date as described in Section 9.4(d) below)
shall be given by the Issuer or, upon an Issuer Order, by the Collateral Trustee in the name and at the expense of the Issuer. Failure
to give notice of redemption, or any defect therein, to any Holder of any Note selected for redemption shall not impair or affect the
validity of the redemption of any other Debt.

200

(c) Unless Refinancing Proceeds are being used to redeem or prepay the Debt in whole or in part, in the event of any Optional Redemption
or Tax Redemption pursuant to Section 9.2 or 9.3, no Debt may be optionally redeemed or prepaid unless (i) at least two Business
Days before the scheduled Redemption Date the Portfolio Manager shall have furnished to the Collateral Trustee evidence, in a form reasonably
satisfactory to the Collateral Trustee, that the Portfolio Manager on behalf of the Issuer has entered into a binding agreement or agreements
with (a) a financial or other institution or institutions whose short-term unsecured debt obligations (other than such obligations
whose rating is based on the credit of a Person other than such institution) are rated, or guaranteed by a Person whose short-term unsecured
debt obligations are rated, at least "A-1" by S&P or (b) a special purpose entity that satisfies all then-current bankruptcy
remoteness criteria of the Rating Agency to purchase (directly or by participation or other arrangement), not later than the Business
Day immediately preceding the scheduled Redemption Date in immediately available funds, all or part of the Assets at a purchase price
at least sufficient, together with the Eligible Investments maturing, redeemable or putable to the issuer thereof at par on or prior to
the scheduled Redemption Date, Scheduled Distributions from the Assets expected to be received on or prior to the scheduled Redemption
Date and all other funds available for such purpose in the Collection Account and the Payment Account, to pay all Administrative Expenses
(regardless of the Administrative Expense Cap) payable in accordance with the Priority of Payments and redeem or prepay all of the Debt
on the scheduled Redemption Date at the applicable Redemption Prices (or in the case of any Class of Debt, such lesser amount that
the Holders of such Class have elected to receive, where Holders of such Class have elected to receive less than 100% of the
Redemption Price that would otherwise be payable to the Holders of such Class), (ii) at least two Business Days before the scheduled
Redemption Date, the Issuer shall have received proceeds of disposition of all or part of the Assets that, together with Scheduled
Distributions from the Assets expected to be received on or prior to the scheduled Redemption Date and all other funds available for
such purpose in the Collection Account and the Payment Account, are at least sufficient to pay all Administrative Expenses
(regardless of the Administrative Expense Cap) and any accrued and unpaid Base Management Fee and Subordinated Management Fee (other
than any Waived Management Fees) payable in accordance with the Priority of Payments and redeem or prepay all of the Debt on the
scheduled Redemption Date at the applicable Redemption Prices (or in the case of any Class of Debt, such lesser amount that the
Holders of such Class have elected to receive, where Holders of such Class have elected to receive less than 100% of the
Redemption Price that would otherwise be payable to the Holders of such Class), or (iii) prior to selling any Collateral
Obligations and/or Eligible Investments, the Portfolio Manager shall certify to the Collateral Trustee that, in its judgment, the
aggregate sum of (A) expected proceeds from the sale of Eligible Investments, (B) for each Collateral Obligation, its
Market Value and (C) Scheduled Distributions from the Assets expected to be received on or prior to the scheduled Redemption
Date and all other funds available for such purpose in the Collection Account and the Payment Account shall exceed the sum of
(x) the aggregate Redemption Prices (or in the case of any Class of Debt, such lesser amount that the Holders of such
Class have elected to receive, where Holders of such Class have elected to receive less than 100% of the Redemption Price
that would otherwise be payable to the Holders of such Class) of the outstanding Debt and (y) all Administrative Expenses
(regardless of the Administrative Expense Cap) payable under the Priority of Payments. Any certification delivered by the Portfolio
Manager pursuant to this Section 9.4(c) shall include (1) the prices of, and expected proceeds from, the sale
(directly or by participation or other arrangement) of any Collateral Obligations and/or Eligible Investments and (2) all
calculations required by this Section 9.4(c). Any Holder, the Portfolio Manager or any of the Portfolio Manager's Affiliates or
accounts or funds managed thereby shall have the right, subject to the same terms and conditions afforded to other bidders, to bid
on Assets to be sold as part of an Optional Redemption or a Tax Redemption.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in connection
with an Optional Redemption by Sale Proceeds, in the event that the Portfolio Manager has directed a Deferred Redemption Date with respect
to one or more Classes of Debt in accordance with Section 9.4(d), any such certification described in the preceding paragraph in
respect of the expected proceeds or sufficient proceeds to be available on the related Redemption Date may address only the Classes of
Debt then being redeemed or prepaid (and any other amounts payable prior thereto in accordance with the Priority of Payments); provided
that the Portfolio Manager certifies that sufficient proceeds are expected to be received or otherwise available to redeem or prepay pay
the applicable Redemption Price and all Administrative Expenses (regardless of the Administrative Expense Cap) and Management Fees payable
in accordance with the Priority of Payments, in each case no later than the latest Redemption Date scheduled for a Class of Debt.

201

(d) Without limiting the foregoing, if, as the result of the failure of the settlement of one or more
Collateral Obligations, either (x) a notice of a withdrawal of an Optional Redemption has been delivered to the Collateral
Trustee and the Portfolio Manager in accordance with Section 9.4(b) or (y) the Sale Proceeds are not sufficient to
pay the required redemption amounts set forth above on any scheduled Redemption Date, then, in either case, the Issuer (at the
direction of the Portfolio Manager) may delay such Redemption Date to any Business Day (within sixty (60) calendar days of such
withdrawal) thereafter (such date, the "Deferred Redemption Date"), so long as there are (or will be, as of such
Deferred Redemption Date) sufficient available funds in the Accounts to pay all Administrative Expenses (regardless of the
Administrative Expense Cap), any amounts due to any hedge counterparties and Collateral Management Fees payable in accordance with
the Priority of Payments and redeem or prepay all of the Debt on the scheduled Redemption Date at the applicable Redemption Prices
(as though such Deferred Redemption Date were a Redemption Date), and the Collateral Trustee will at the direction of the Issuer, or
the Portfolio Manager on its behalf, distribute all available funds in the Accounts in accordance with the Priority of Payments on
such Deferred Redemption Date identified by the Issuer (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) with no less than two
(2) Business Days' notice; provided, that in connection with any such distribution, the Issuer may establish a
reasonable reserve for any outstanding or reasonably anticipated fees and expenses of the Issuer and any other amounts payable under
the Priority of Payments prior to any payments to the Issuer, to the extent that such fees, expenses and other amounts are not being
paid on such Deferred Redemption Date. The Issuer (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) will promptly notify the Collateral
Trustee upon the occurrence of a Deferred Redemption Date and, upon receipt of such notice, the Collateral Trustee shall promptly
provide notice thereof to each Holder of Debt and each Rating Agency then rating a Class of Debt; provided that, in any case,
in the event that a scheduled redemption of the Debt fails to occur and (A) such failure is due solely to a delayed or failed
settlement of any asset sale by the Issuer (or the Portfolio Manager on the Issuer's behalf), (B) the Issuer (or the Portfolio
Manager on the Issuer's behalf) had entered into a binding agreement for the sale of such asset prior to the scheduled redemption
date, (C) such delayed or failed settlement is due solely to circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer and the Portfolio
Manager and (D) the Issuer (or the Portfolio Manager on the Issuer's behalf) has used commercially reasonable efforts to cause
such settlement to occur prior to such scheduled redemption date (a "Redemption Settlement Delay"), then, upon
notice from the Issuer to the Collateral Trustee that sufficient funds are now available to complete such redemption, such Debt may
be redeemed or prepaid using such funds on any Business Day prior to the first Payment Date after the original scheduled redemption
date and not less than two Business Days after the original scheduled redemption date (in each case, such Business Day to be
selected by the Issuer (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) upon at least two Business Days' notice to the Collateral Trustee).
Interest on the Debt will accrue to but excluding such new Redemption Date. If such redemption does not occur prior to the first
Payment Date after the original scheduled redemption date, such redemption will be cancelled without further action. A Redemption
Settlement Delay or the failure to effect a redemption (including a Refinancing) on a scheduled redemption date will not be an Event of
Default. The Issuer (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) shall promptly notify the Collateral Trustee upon the occurrence of a Redemption
Settlement Delay and, in turn, the Collateral Trustee shall promptly provide notice thereof to each Holder of Debt and each Rating Agency
then rating a Class of Debt.

Section 9.5. Debt
Payable on Redemption Date

(a) Notice of redemption pursuant to Section 9.4 or Section 9.7 having been given as set forth
therein, the Debt to be redeemed or prepaid shall, on the Redemption Date, subject to Section 9.4(c) and
Section 9.7(b), as applicable, and the Issuer's right to withdraw any notice of redemption pursuant to
Section 9.4(b) and 9.7(c), as applicable, become due and payable at the Redemption Prices therein specified, and from and
after the Redemption Date (unless the Issuer shall default in the payment of the Redemption Prices and accrued interest) all such
Debt shall cease to bear interest on the Redemption Date. Holders of Certificated Notes, upon final payment on a Note to be so
redeemed or prepaid, shall present and surrender such Note at the place specified in the notice of redemption on or prior to such
Redemption Date; provided that, in the absence of notice to the Issuer or the Collateral Trustee that the applicable
Note has been acquired by a Protected Purchaser, such final payment shall be made without presentation or surrender, if the
Collateral Trustee and the Issuer shall have been furnished such security or indemnity as may be required by it to save it harmless
and an undertaking thereafter to surrender such certificate. Payments of interest on Debt so to be redeemed or prepaid which are
payable on or prior to the Redemption Date shall be payable to the Holders, or holders of one or more predecessor Debt, registered as such at the close of business
on the relevant Record Date according to the terms and provisions of Section 2.7(e).

(b) If any Note called for redemption shall not be paid upon surrender thereof for redemption, the principal
thereof shall, until paid, bear interest from the Redemption Date at the applicable Interest Rate for each successive Interest Accrual
Period such Note remains Outstanding; provided that, the reason for such non-payment is not the fault of such Holder.

202

Section 9.6. Special
Redemption

The
Debt shall be redeemed or prepaid in part by the Issuer on any Business Day (i) after the Effective Date, if the Portfolio
Manager notifies the Collateral Trustee that a redemption is required pursuant to Section 7.18 in order to obtain the Effective
Date Ratings Confirmation, (ii) during the Reinvestment Period, if the Portfolio Manager notifies the Collateral Trustee at
least five Business Days prior to the applicable Special Redemption Date that it has been unable, for a period of at least 20
consecutive Business Days, to identify additional Collateral Obligations that are deemed appropriate by the Portfolio Manager, in
its sole discretion, and which would satisfy the Investment Criteria in sufficient amounts to permit the investment or reinvestment
of all or a portion of the funds then in the Collection Account that are to be invested in additional Collateral Obligations or
(iii) if a Retention Deficiency exists, to the extent necessary to reduce such Retention Deficiency to zero (in each case a
"Special Redemption"). Any such notice in the case of clause (ii) above shall be based upon the Portfolio
Manager having attempted, in accordance with the Portfolio Manager Standard, to identify additional Collateral Obligations as
described above. On the first Quarterly Payment Date (and all subsequent Quarterly Payment Dates) following the Collection Period in
which such notice is given (a "Special Redemption Date"), the amount in the Collection Account representing
(1) in the case of a Special Redemption necessary for the Issuer to obtain the Effective Date Ratings Confirmation, all
Interest Proceeds and all other Principal Proceeds available in accordance with the Priority of Payments (other than Interest
Proceeds and/or Principal Proceeds that the Portfolio Manager has chosen to apply to the purchase of additional Collateral
Obligations), (2) in the case of a Special Redemption during the Reinvestment Period pursuant to clause (ii) above,
Principal Proceeds which the Portfolio Manager has determined cannot be reinvested in additional Collateral Obligations or
(3) in the case of a Special Redemption in connection with a Retention Deficiency, Principal Proceeds necessary to reduce such
Retention Deficiency to zero, will in each case be applied in accordance with the Priority of Payments. Notice of redemption
pursuant to this Section 9.6 shall be given by the Collateral Trustee not less than (x) in the case of a Special
Redemption described in clause (i) above, one Business Day prior to the applicable Special Redemption Date and (y) in the
case of a Special Redemption described in clause (ii) above, three Business Days prior to the applicable Special Redemption
Date in each case to each holder of Debt and to the Rating Agency (with a copy to the Portfolio Manager).

Section 9.7. Clean-Up
Call Redemption

(a) At the written direction of the Portfolio Manager to the Issuer and the Collateral Trustee, with a copy to the Rating Agency, at least
20 Business Days prior to the proposed Redemption Date, the Debt shall be subject to redemption by the Issuer, in whole but not in part
(a "Clean-Up Call Redemption"), at the Redemption Prices therefor, on any Business Day after the Non-Call Period on which
the Collateral Principal Amount is less than 30% of the Target Initial Par Amount. Upon receipt from the Portfolio Manager of a direction
in writing to effect a Clean-Up Call Redemption, the Issuer shall set the related Redemption Date and the Record Date and give written
notice thereof to the Collateral Trustee, the Collateral Administrator, the Portfolio Manager and the Rating Agency not later than 10
Business Days prior to the Redemption Date (and the Collateral Trustee in turn shall, in the name and at the expense of the Issuer, notify
the Holders of the Redemption Date, the applicable Record Date, that the Debt shall be redeemed or prepaid in full, and the Redemption
Prices to be paid, at least 7 Business Days prior to the Redemption Date).

203

(b) A Clean-Up Call Redemption may not occur unless (i) on or before the second Business Day
immediately preceding the related Redemption Date, the Portfolio Manager or any other Person purchases the Assets of the Issuer
(other than the Eligible Investments referred to in clause (A)(4) below) for a price in Cash (the "Clean-Up Call
Redemption Price") at least equal to the greater of (A) the sum of (1) the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of the
Debt, plus (2) all unpaid interest on the Debt accrued to the date of such redemption (including any shortfall amounts, if any), plus (3) the aggregate
of all other amounts owing by the Issuer on the date of such redemption that are payable in accordance with the Priority of Payments (including,
for the avoidance of doubt, all outstanding Administrative Expenses), minus (4) the balance of the Eligible Investments in the Collection
Account; and (B) the Market Value of such Assets
being purchased and (ii) the Portfolio Manager certifies in writing to the Collateral Trustee prior to the sale of the Assets that
subclause (i) shall be satisfied upon such purchase. Upon receipt by the Collateral Trustee of the certification from the Portfolio
Manager described in subclause (ii), the Collateral Trustee (pursuant to written direction from the Issuer) and the Issuer shall take
all actions necessary to sell, assign and transfer the Assets to the Portfolio Manager or such other Person upon payment in immediately
available funds of the Clean-Up Call Redemption Price. The Collateral Trustee shall deposit such payment into the Collection Account in
accordance with the instructions of the Portfolio Manager.

(c) Any notice of a Clean-Up Call Redemption delivered pursuant to Section 9.7(a) may be withdrawn by the Issuer on any day
up to and including the Business Day prior to the related scheduled Redemption Date by written notice to the Collateral Trustee, the Rating Agency and
the Portfolio Manager only if amounts at least equal to the Clean-Up Call Redemption Price are not received in full in immediately available
funds by the second Business Day immediately preceding such Redemption Date.

(d) The Collateral Trustee will give notice of any such withdrawal of a Clean-Up Call Redemption, at the expense of the Issuer, to each
Holder of Debt that were to be redeemed or prepaid at such Holder's address in the Register not later than the Business Day prior to the
related scheduled Redemption Date.

(e) On the Redemption Date related to any Clean-Up Call Redemption, the Clean-Up Call Redemption Price shall be distributed pursuant to
the Priority of Payments.

Section 9.8. Re-Pricing
of the Debt

(a) The Issuer, with the consent of the Portfolio Manager and a Majority of the Interests, may reduce the spread over the Reference Rate
(or the stated interest rate, in the case of Fixed Rate Debt) applicable with respect to any Class of Re-Pricing Eligible Debt (any
such reduction with respect to any such Class of Debt, a "Re- Pricing" and any Class of Re-Pricing Eligible
Debt to be subject to a Re-Pricing, a "Re-Priced Class") on any Business Day after the Non-Call Period; provided
that, the Issuer shall not effect any Re-Pricing unless each condition specified in this Section 9.8 is satisfied with respect
thereto. For the avoidance of doubt, no terms of any Re-Pricing Eligible Debt other than the Interest Rate applicable thereto may be modified
or supplemented in connection with a Re-Pricing; provided that, in connection with any Re-Pricing, (x) the Non-Call Period
with respect to such Re- Priced Class may, with the consent of the Issuer, be extended and/or (y) the definition of "Redemption
Price" may be revised, with the written consent of the Issuer, to reflect any agreed upon make-whole payments for the applicable
Re-Priced Class. In connection with any
Re-Pricing, the Issuer may engage a broker- dealer (the "Re-Pricing Intermediary") upon the recommendation and subject
to the approval of the Issuer and such Re-Pricing Intermediary shall assist the Issuer in effecting the Re-Pricing.

204

(b) At least fourteen (14) days prior to the Business Day fixed for any proposed Re- Pricing (the "Re-Pricing Date"),
the Issuer or the Re-Pricing Intermediary on behalf of the Issuer, shall deliver a notice in writing (with a copy to the Portfolio Manager,
the Collateral Trustee and the Rating Agency) to each Holder of the proposed Re- Priced Class, which notice shall (i) specify the
proposed Re-Pricing Date and the revised spread (or range of spreads from which a single spread will be chosen prior to the Re-Pricing
Date) over the Reference Rate to be applied with respect to such Class (such spread, the "Re-Pricing Rate"), (ii) request
that each Holder of the Re- Priced Class approve the proposed Re-Pricing or provide a proposed Re-Pricing Rate at which it would
consent to such Re-Pricing that is within the range provided, if any, in clause (i) above (such proposal, a "Holder Proposed
Re-Pricing Rate"), (iii) request that each consenting
Holder of the Re-Priced Class deliver a response in writing to the Issuer, or to the Re-Pricing Intermediary on behalf of the Issuer,
which response (the "Holder Purchase Request") shall indicate the aggregate principal amount of the Re-Priced Class that
such Holder is willing to purchase (or retain) at such Re-Pricing Rate (including within any range provided) specified in such notice,
and (iv) state that the Issuer (or in the case of the following clause (a), the Re-Pricing Intermediary on behalf of the Issuer)
will have the right to (a) cause all such Holders that did not deliver an Accepted Purchase Request (each, a "Non- Consenting
Holder") to sell their Debt of the Re-Priced Class on the Re-Pricing Date to one or more transferees at a sale price equal
to the applicable Redemption Price or (b) redeem or prepay such Debt at the applicable Redemption Price with the proceeds of an issuance
or incurrence of Re-Pricing Replacement Debt; provided that, at the direction of the Portfolio Manager, the Issuer may delay the
Re-Pricing Date or determine the Re-Pricing Rate taking into consideration any Holder Proposed Re-Pricing Rates at any time up to two
(2) Business Days prior to the Re-Pricing Date (upon notice to each Holder of the proposed Re-Priced Class, with a copy to the Portfolio
Manager, the Collateral Trustee and the Rating Agency). Failure to give a notice of Re-Pricing, or any defect therein, to any Holder of
any Re-Priced Class shall not impair or affect the validity of the Re-Pricing or give rise to any claim based upon such failure or
defect.

Any notice of Re-Pricing may be withdrawn
(thereby canceling the Re-Pricing) by (x) the Portfolio Manager or (y) the Issuer, with the consent of the Portfolio Manager
(to the extent applicable), in each case, for any reason by delivery of a written notice to the Collateral Trustee and the Issuer no
later than the Business Day prior to the proposed Re-Pricing Date. Once withdrawn, a subsequent notice of Re-Pricing may be given in
accordance with this Section 9.8. At the cost of the Issuer, the Collateral Trustee shall provide a copy of such written
notice to the Rating Agency.

205

(c) In
the event that any Holder of the Re-Priced Class does not deliver a written consent
to the proposed Re-Pricing on or before the date that is at least five (5) Business
Days (such date as determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion) after the date of such
notice, the Issuer, or the Re-Pricing Intermediary on behalf of the Issuer, shall deliver
written notice thereof to any Consenting Holder of the Re- Priced Class who delivered
a Holder Purchase Request with a Holder Proposed Re- Pricing Rate that is equal to or less
than the Re-Pricing Rate as determined by the Portfolio Manager (such request, an "Accepted
Purchase Request" and any Holder providing such Accepted Purchase Request, a "Consenting
Holder") specifying the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Debt of the Re-Priced
Class that such Consenting Holder has offered to purchase at the Re-Pricing Rate and
the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Debt that will be sold to such Consenting Holder.
Notwithstanding the above, the Issuer, or the Re-Pricing Intermediary on behalf of the Issuer,
will cause the sale and transfer of Debt of any Non-Consenting Holders, without further notice
to such Non-Consenting Holders, on the Re-Pricing Date to a transferee designated by the
Re-Pricing Intermediary on behalf of the Issuer. All sales of Debt to be effected pursuant
to this clause (c) will be made at the Redemption Price with respect to such Debt, and
will be effected only if the related Re-Pricing is effected in accordance with this Section 9.8.
The Holder of each Re-Pricing Eligible Debt, by its acceptance of an interest in the Re-Pricing
Eligible Debt, agrees to sell and transfer its Debt in accordance with this Section 9.8and agrees to cooperate with the Issuer (or the Re-Pricing Intermediary on behalf of
the Issuer) and the Collateral Trustee to effect such sales and transfers. In the event that
the Issuer (or the Re-Pricing Intermediary on behalf of the Issuer) receives Accepted Purchase
Requests with respect to more than the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Debt of the Re-Priced
Class held by Non-Consenting Holders, the Issuer, or the Re-Pricing Intermediary on
behalf of the Issuer, shall cause the sale and transfer of such Debt or will sell Re-Pricing
Replacement Debt to such Consenting Holders at the applicable Redemption Prices and, if applicable,
conduct a redemption of Non-Consenting Holders' Debt of the Re-Priced Class with the
sale of Re-Pricing Replacement Debt, without further notice to the Non- Consenting Holders
thereof, on the Re-Pricing Date to the Consenting Holders delivering Accepted Purchase Requests,
with respect thereto, pro rata (subject to the applicable minimum denominations) based
on the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Debt such Consenting Holders indicated an interest
in purchasing pursuant to their Holder Purchase Requests. In the event that the Issuer receives
Accepted Purchase Requests with respect to less than the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of
the Debt of the Re-Priced Class held by Non-Consenting Holders, the Issuer, or the Re-Pricing
Intermediary on behalf of the Issuer, shall cause the sale and transfer of such Debt of the
Re-Priced Class or will sell Re-Pricing Replacement Debt to such Consenting Holders
at the applicable Redemption Prices and, if applicable, conduct a redemption of Non-Consenting
Holders' Debt of the Re-Priced Class with the sale of Re-Pricing Replacement Debt, without
further notice to the Non-Consenting Holders thereof, on the Re-Pricing Date to the Consenting
Holders delivering Accepted Purchase Requests with respect thereto, and any excess Debt of
the Re-Priced Class held by Non-Consenting Holders shall be sold to one or more purchasers designated
by the Issuer (or the Re-Pricing Intermediary on behalf of the Issuer) or redeemed or prepaid with proceeds from the sale of Re-Pricing
Replacement Debt. All sales of Non-Consenting Holders' Debt or Re-Pricing Replacement Debt to be effectuated pursuant to this clause (c) shall
be made at the applicable Redemption Price, and shall be effectuated only if the related Re-Pricing is effectuated in accordance with
the provisions hereof.

206

(d) The Issuer shall not effect any proposed Re-Pricing unless:

(i) the Issuer and the Collateral Trustee (at the direction of the Issuer) shall have entered into a supplemental indenture dated as of
the Re-Pricing Date, which can be executed and delivered without regard to the provisions of Article VIII hereof, solely to modify
the spread over the Reference Rate (or the stated interest rate, in the case of Fixed Rate Debt) applicable to the Re- Priced Class and,
to the extent applicable, (with the consent of the Issuer) to extend the Non-Call Period applicable to such Re-Priced Class or make
changes to the definition of "Redemption Price";

(ii) confirmation has been received that all Debt of the Re-Priced Class held by Non-Consenting Holders have been sold and transferred
pursuant to clause (c) above;

(iii) the Rating Agency shall have been notified of such Re-Pricing;

(iv) all expenses of the Issuer and the Collateral Trustee (including the fees of the Re-Pricing Intermediary and fees of counsel) incurred
in connection with the Re-Pricing do not exceed the amount of Interest Proceeds available after taking into account all amounts required
to be paid pursuant to Section 11.1(a)(i) on the subsequent Payment Date prior to the distribution of any remaining Interest
Proceeds to the Issuer, unless such expenses have been paid or shall be adequately provided for (including without limitation, with Contributions)
by an entity other than the Issuer; and

(v) the Issuer shall have obtained Tax Advice to the effect that such Re-Pricing will not result in the Issuer becoming subject to U.S.
federal income taxation with respect to its net income or to any withholding tax liability under Section 1446 of the Code.

(e) The Issuer shall direct the Collateral Trustee to segregate payments and take other reasonable steps to effect the Re-Pricing and
the Collateral Trustee shall have the authority to take such actions as may be directed by the Issuer or the Portfolio Manager on behalf
of the Issuer (or the Re-Pricing Intermediary on behalf of the Issuer) or Portfolio Manager shall deem necessary or desirable to effect
a Re- Pricing. In order to give effect to the Re-Pricing, the Issuer may, to the extent necessary, obtain and assign a separate CUSIP
or CUSIPs to the Notes of each Class held by consenting Holders or Non-Consenting Holders.

207

(f) A second notice of a Re-Pricing shall be given by the Collateral Trustee not less than seven (7) Business Days prior to the proposed
Re-Pricing Date, to each Holder of Debt of the Re-Priced Class at the address in the Register (with a copy to the Portfolio Manager),
specifying the applicable Re-Pricing Date and the specific Re-Pricing Rate. Notice of Re-Pricing shall be given by the Collateral Trustee
at the expense of the Issuer. Failure to give a notice of Re-Pricing, or any defect therein, to any Holder of any Re-Priced Class will
not impair or affect the validity of the Re-Pricing or give rise to any claim based upon such failure or defect.

(g) The Holder of each Note, by its acceptance of an interest in the Debt, agrees (i) to sell and transfer its Debt in accordance
with the provisions hereof and to cooperate with the Issuer, the Re-Pricing Intermediary (if any) and the Collateral Trustee to effectuate
such sales and transfers and (ii) in the event that such Holder (x) does not consent to a proposed Re-Pricing or to a sale of
its interest and (y) does not otherwise cooperate with the Issuer, the Re-Pricing Intermediary (if any) and the Collateral Trustee,
in each case to effectuate such sales and transfers within the time period described herein, then such Holder shall be deemed to consent
to such Re- Pricing.

The Collateral Trustee shall be entitled
to receive, and shall be fully protected in relying upon an Opinion of Counsel stating that a Re-Pricing is permitted by this Indenture
and that all conditions precedent thereto have been complied with. The Collateral Trustee shall receive and shall rely on an Issuer Order
providing direction and any additional information requested by the Collateral Trustee in order to effect a Re-Pricing in accordance with
this Section 9.8.

ARTICLE X

ACCOUNTS, ACCOUNTING AND RELEASES

Section 10.1. Collection of Money

Except as otherwise expressly provided
herein, the Collateral Trustee may demand payment or delivery of, and shall receive and collect, directly and without intervention or
assistance of any fiscal agent or other intermediary, all Money and other property payable to or receivable by the Collateral Trustee
pursuant to this Indenture, including all payments due on the Assets, in accordance with the terms and conditions of such Assets. The
Collateral Trustee shall segregate and hold all such Money and property received by it in trust for the Holders and shall apply it as
provided in this Indenture. Each Account established under this Indenture has been established and shall be maintained (a) with a
federal or state chartered depository institution or trust company rated with a long-term issuer rating of at least "A" and
a short-term issuer rating of at least "A-1" by S&P (or at least "A+" by S&P if such institution has no short-term
rating) or (b) in segregated trust accounts with the corporate trust department of a federal or state-chartered depository institution
subject to regulations regarding fiduciary funds on deposit similar to Title 12 of the Code of Federal Regulations Section 9.10(b),
that is rated with a long-term issuer rating at least "BBB+" by S&P and, if any such institution fails at any time to satisfy
the requirements set forth in clauses (a) or (b) above, as applicable, the assets held in such account shall be moved no later
than 30 calendar days after such event to another institution that satisfies such requirements. Such institution shall have a combined
capital and surplus of at least U.S.$200,000,000. All Cash deposited in the Accounts shall be
invested only in Eligible Investments or Collateral Obligations in accordance with the terms of this Indenture. To avoid the consolidation
of the Assets of the Issuer with the general assets of the Bank under any circumstances, the Collateral Trustee shall comply, and shall
cause the Custodian to comply, with all law applicable to it as a national bank with trust powers holding segregated trust assets in a
fiduciary or custodial capacity; provided that, the foregoing shall not be construed to prevent the Collateral Trustee or
Custodian from investing the Assets of the Issuer in Eligible Investments described in clause (b) of the definition thereof that
are obligations of the Bank. The accounts established by the Collateral Trustee pursuant to this Article X may include any number
of sub-accounts deemed necessary for convenience in administering the Assets.

208

Section 10.2. Collection Account

(a) In accordance with this Indenture and the Account Agreement, the Collateral Trustee shall, prior to the Closing Date, establish
at the Custodian three non-interest bearing segregated accounts, held in the name of the Issuer subject to the lien of the
Collateral Trustee, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, which shall be designated as the "Collection Account" and
which shall be maintained with the Custodian in accordance with the Account Agreement. The Collateral Trustee shall immediately upon
receipt, or upon transfer from the Expense Reserve Account or Revolver Funding Account deposit into the Collection Account, all
funds and property received by the Collateral Trustee and (x) designated for deposit in the Collection Account or (y) not
designated under this Indenture for deposit in any other Account, including all proceeds received from the disposition of any Assets
(unless simultaneously reinvested in additional Collateral Obligations in accordance with Article XII or in Eligible
Investments). The Issuer may, but under no circumstances shall be required to, deposit from time to time into the Collection
Account, in addition to any amount required hereunder to be deposited therein, such Monies received from external sources for the
benefit of the Secured Parties (other than payments on or in respect of the Collateral Obligations, Eligible Investments or other
existing Assets) as the Issuer deems, in its sole discretion, to be advisable and to designate them as Interest Proceeds or
Principal Proceeds. All Monies deposited from time to time in the Collection Account pursuant to this Indenture shall be held by the
Collateral Trustee as part of the Assets and shall be applied to the purposes herein provided. Subject to Sections 10.2(d) and
10.2(f), amounts in the Collection Account shall be reinvested pursuant to Section 10.6(a). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for
administrative purposes, the Collection Account described above consists of three single non-interest bearing segregated accounts,
each held in the name of the Collateral Trustee, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, one of which shall be designated as the
"Interest Collection Account" into which Interest Proceeds which would otherwise be deposited in the Collection
Account shall be held, another of which shall be designated as the "Principal Collection Account" into which
Principal Proceeds which would otherwise be deposited in the Collection Account shall be held and another of which shall be
designated as the "Pending Transfer Deposit Amount Collection Account" into which
Transfer Deposit Amounts which would otherwise be deposited in the Collection Account shall be held in accordance with Section 12.5(a).

209

(b) The Collateral Trustee, within one Business Day after receipt of any distribution or other proceeds in respect of the Assets which
are not Cash, shall so notify the Issuer (with a copy to the Portfolio Manager) and the Issuer shall use its commercially reasonable efforts
to, within five Business Days after receipt of such notice from the Collateral Trustee (or as soon as practicable thereafter), sell such
distribution or other proceeds for Cash in an arm's length transaction and deposit the proceeds thereof in the Collection Account; provided
that, subject to the requirements of Section 12.1, the Issuer (i) need not sell such distributions or other proceeds
if it delivers an Issuer Order or an Officer's certificate to the Collateral Trustee certifying that such distributions or other proceeds
constitute Collateral Obligations or Eligible Investments or (ii) may otherwise retain such distribution or other proceeds for up
to two years from the date of receipt thereof if it delivers an Officer's certificate to the Collateral Trustee certifying that (x) it
will sell such distribution within such two-year period and (y) retaining such distribution is not otherwise prohibited by this Indenture.

(c) At any time when reinvestment is permitted pursuant to Article XII, the Portfolio Manager on behalf of the Issuer may by Issuer
Order direct the Collateral Trustee to, and upon receipt of such Issuer Order the Collateral Trustee shall, withdraw funds on deposit
in the Collection Account representing Principal Proceeds (together with Interest Proceeds so long as, in the judgment of the Portfolio
Manager (not to be called into question as a result of subsequent events), there will be sufficient Interest Proceeds remaining to make
payments on the Debt on the following Payment Date in accordance with Section 11.1(a)(i)) and reinvest such funds in additional Collateral
Obligations or, using Interest Proceeds only, exercise a warrant held in the Assets, in each case in accordance with the requirements
of Article XII and such Issuer Order. At any time during the Reinvestment Period, and subject to Section 2.14, the Portfolio
Manager on behalf of the Issuer may by Issuer Order direct the Collateral Trustee to, and upon receipt of such Issuer Order the Collateral
Trustee shall, (i) withdraw funds on deposit in the Collection Account representing Principal Proceeds for purchases of Debt in accordance
with the provisions of Section 2.14 and (ii) withdraw funds on deposit in the Collection Account representing Interest Proceeds
to pay accrued interest through the date of such purchase in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.14.

(d) The Portfolio Manager on behalf of the Issuer may by Issuer Order direct the Collateral Trustee to, and upon receipt of such Issuer
Order the Collateral Trustee shall, pay from amounts on deposit in the Collection Account on any Business Day during any Interest Accrual
Period (i) to acquire loan assets or debt securities in connection with the insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization, default, restructuring,
workout or similar event of or with respect to a Collateral Obligation or the Obligor thereof (including, for the avoidance of doubt any
Workout Loan or Restructured Loan) subject in each case to the applicable limitations set forth in Section 12.2 and in accordance
with such Issuer Order and (ii) from Interest Proceeds only, (x) any Administrative Expenses (such payments to be counted against
the Administrative Expense Cap for the applicable period and to be subject to the order of priority as stated in the definition of Administrative
Expenses); provided, that the aggregate Administrative Expenses paid pursuant
to this Section 10.2(d) during any Collection Period shall not exceed the Administrative Expense Cap for the related Payment
Date or (y) in connection with a Refinancing or a Re-Pricing, any Partial Redemption Interest Proceeds. The Collateral Trustee shall
not be obligated to make such payment if, in the reasonable determination of the Collateral Trustee, such payment would leave insufficient
funds, taking into account the Administrative Expense Cap, for payments anticipated to be or become due or payable on the next Payment
Date that are given a higher priority in the definition of Administrative Expenses. The Portfolio Manager on behalf of the Issuer may
direct the Collateral Trustee to transfer amounts on deposit in the Collection Account representing Principal Proceeds to the Revolver
Funding Account to meet funding requirements with respect to Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligations, Revolving Collateral Obligations,
Restructured Loans, Workout Loans and Workout Securities.

210

(e) The Collateral Trustee shall transfer to the Payment Account (other than, with respect to Exchanged Equity Security Excess Proceeds,
any additional amounts received after the initial distribution thereof that will be distributed on a later Payment Date), from the Collection
Account for application pursuant to Section 11.1(a), not later than the Business Day immediately preceding each Payment Date, the
amount set forth to be so transferred in the Distribution Report for such Payment Date.

(f) Subject to the requirements in Section 10.6(a), amounts received in the Collection Account during a Collection Period shall be
invested in Eligible Investments with stated maturities not later than the earlier of (A) the date that is 60 days after the date
of delivery thereof and (B) the Business Day immediately preceding the Payment Date immediately following the date of delivery thereof.
All proceeds from the Eligible Investments shall be retained in the Collection Account unless used to purchase additional Collateral Obligations
in accordance with the Investment Criteria, or used as otherwise permitted under this Indenture.

(g) An aggregate amount of Principal Proceeds received by the Issuer up to an amount equal to (x) 1.0% of the Target Initial Par
Amount minus (y) the aggregate amount of any previously identified Designated Unused Proceeds from time to time ("Designated
Principal Proceeds") may be designated by the Portfolio Manager as Interest Proceeds on any Business Day after the Effective
Date and on or prior to the second Payment Date so long as the Effective Date Interest Deposit Requirements are satisfied. For the avoidance
of doubt, the aggregate amount of Designated Principal Proceeds and Designated Unused
Proceeds is not permitted to exceed 1.0% of the Target Initial Par Amount. Upon receipt of notice of such designation, the Collateral
Trustee will designate such Designated Principal Proceeds as Interest Proceeds in the Collection Account.

211

Section 10.3. Transaction Accounts

(a) Payment Account. In accordance with this Indenture and the Account Agreement, the Collateral Trustee shall, prior to the Closing
Date, establish at the Custodian a single, segregated non-interest bearing account held in the name of the Issuer subject to the lien
of the Collateral Trustee, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, which shall be designated as the "Payment Account"
which shall be maintained with the Custodian in accordance with the Account Agreement. Except as provided in Section 11.1(a), the
only permitted withdrawal from or application of funds on deposit in, or otherwise to the credit of, the Payment Account shall be to pay
amounts due and payable on the Debt and distributions to the Issuer in accordance with their terms and the provisions of this Indenture
and, upon Issuer Order, to pay Administrative Expenses, Management Fees and other amounts specified herein, each in accordance with the
Priority of Payments. The Issuer shall not have any legal, equitable or beneficial interest in the Payment Account other than in accordance
with this Indenture and the Priority of Payments. Amounts in the Payment Account shall remain uninvested.

(b) Custodial Account. In accordance with this Indenture and the Account Agreement, the Collateral Trustee shall, prior to the
Closing Date, establish at the Custodian a single, segregated non-interest bearing account held in the name of the Issuer subject to the
lien of the Collateral Trustee, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, which shall be designated as the "Custodial Account"
which shall be maintained with the Custodian in accordance with the Account Agreement. All Collateral Obligations and Equity Securities
shall be credited to the Custodial Account as provided herein. The only permitted withdrawals from the Custodial Account shall be in accordance
with the provisions of this Indenture. The Collateral Trustee agrees to give the Issuer, with a copy to the Portfolio Manager, immediate
notice if an Authorized Officer of the Collateral Trustee receives written notice or has actual knowledge that the Custodial Account or
any assets or securities on deposit therein, or otherwise to the credit of the Custodial Account, shall become subject to any writ, order,
judgment, warrant of attachment, execution or similar process. The Issuer shall not have any legal, equitable or beneficial interest in
the Custodial Account other than in accordance with this Indenture and the Priority of Payments. Amounts in the Custodial Account shall
remain uninvested.

212

(c) Ramp-Up Account. The Collateral Trustee shall, prior to the Closing Date, establish at the Custodian a single, segregated non-interest
bearing account held in the name of the Issuer subject to the lien of the Collateral Trustee, for the benefit of the Secured Parties,
which shall be designated as the "Ramp-Up Account" which shall be maintained with the Custodian in accordance with the
Account Agreement. The Issuer hereby directs the Collateral Trustee to deposit the amount specified in the Closing Date Certificate to
the Ramp-Up Account as Principal Proceeds. In connection with any purchase of an additional Collateral Obligation, the Collateral Trustee
will apply amounts held in the Ramp-Up Account as provided by Section 7.18(b). On the first Business Day after the Effective Date,
or upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Collateral Trustee will deposit any remaining amounts in the Ramp-Up Account (excluding
any proceeds that will be used to settle binding commitments entered into prior to such date) ("Unused Proceeds") into
the Collection Account as Principal Proceeds;
provided, however, that, on any Business Day on or prior to the second Determination Date following the Closing Date, the Portfolio
Manager may designate an amount of Unused Proceeds up to (x) 1.0% of the Target Initial Par Amount minus (y) the aggregate
amount of any previously identified Designated Principal Proceeds ("Designated Unused Proceeds") as Interest Proceeds,
so long as (i) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (ii) no Effective Date Rating
Failure has occurred, (iii) the Target Initial Par Balance will exceed the Target Initial Par Amount after giving effect to such
withdrawal and transfer, (iv) each of the Coverage Tests and the Concentration Limitations will be satisfied after giving effect
to such withdrawal and transfer (such requirements in clauses (i) through (iv), the "Effective Date Interest Deposit Requirements"),
and, upon the Portfolio Manager's direction, such designated amount will be withdrawn from the Ramp-Up Account and deposited into the
Collection Account as Interest Proceeds. For the avoidance of doubt, the aggregate amount of Designated Principal Proceeds and Designated
Unused Proceeds is not permitted to exceed 1.0% of the Target Initial Par Amount. The Issuer shall provide the Target Initial Par Balance
as of such date immediately following such deposit into the Collection Account on the next Monthly Report. Any income earned on amounts
deposited in the Ramp-Up Account will be deposited in the Collection Account as Interest Proceeds.

(d) Expense Reserve Account. In accordance with this Indenture and the Account Agreement, the Collateral Trustee shall, prior to
the Closing Date, establish at the Custodian a single, segregated non-interest bearing account held in the name of the Issuer subject
to the lien of the Collateral Trustee, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, which shall be designated as the "Expense Reserve
Account" which shall be maintained with the Custodian in accordance with the Account Agreement. The Issuer hereby directs the
Collateral Trustee to deposit to the Expense Reserve Account (i) the amount specified in the Closing Date Certificate and (ii) in
connection with any additional issuance or incurrence of debt, the amount specified in Section 3.2(a)(viii). On any Business Day
from the Closing Date to and including the second Determination Date following the Closing Date, the Collateral Trustee shall apply funds
from the Expense Reserve Account, as directed by the Portfolio Manager, to pay expenses of the Issuer incurred in connection with the
establishment of the Issuer, the structuring and consummation of the Offering and the issuance or incurrence
of the Debt and any additional issuance or incurrence. By the second Determination Date following the Closing Date, all funds in the Expense
Reserve Account (after deducting any expenses paid on such Determination Date) will be deposited in the Collection Account as Interest
Proceeds and/or Principal Proceeds (in the respective amounts directed by the Portfolio Manager in its sole discretion). On any Business
Day after the second Determination Date following the Closing Date, the Collateral Trustee shall apply funds from the Expense Reserve
Account (except as provided in the next sentence), as directed by the Portfolio Manager, to pay expenses of the Issuer incurred in connection
with any additional issuance or incurrence of debt or as a deposit to the Collection Account as Principal Proceeds. Any income earned
on amounts deposited in the Expense Reserve Account will be deposited
in the Collection Account as Interest Proceeds as it is paid.

213

(e) Interest Reserve Account. The Collateral Trustee shall, prior to the Closing Date, establish at the Custodian a single, segregated
non-interest bearing account held in the name of the Issuer subject to the lien of the Collateral Trustee for the benefit of the Secured
Parties which shall be designated as the "Interest Reserve Account" and which shall be maintained with the Custodian
in accordance with the Account Agreement. On the Closing Date, the Issuer hereby directs the Collateral Trustee to deposit the Interest
Reserve Amount into the Interest Reserve Account. On or before the second Determination Date following the Closing Date, at the direction
of the Portfolio Manager, the Issuer may direct that any portion of the then remaining Interest Reserve Amount be transferred to the Collection
Account and included as Interest Proceeds or Principal Proceeds for such Collection Period. On the second Payment Date following the Closing
Date, all amounts on deposit in the Interest Reserve Account shall be transferred to the Payment Account and applied as Interest Proceeds
or Principal Proceeds (as directed by the Portfolio Manager) in accordance with the Priority of Payments, and the Collateral Trustee shall
close the Interest Reserve Account. Amounts credited to the Interest Reserve Account shall be reinvested pursuant to Section 10.6(a).
Any income earned on amounts deposited in the Interest Reserve Account will be deposited in the Interest Reserve Account.

(f) Contribution Account. The Collateral Trustee shall, prior to the Closing Date, establish a segregated, non-interest bearing
account held in the name of the Issuer subject to the lien of the Collateral Trustee for the benefit of the Secured Parties, which shall
be designated as the "Contribution Account." At any time during or after the Reinvestment Period, any Holder of Interests
may, by delivery of a written notice to the Collateral Trustee substantially in the form of Exhibit F hereto (a "Contribution
Notice") at least three Business Days prior to the date such Holder proposes to make such Contribution, and with the prior written
consent of the Portfolio Manager, make a contribution of Cash, Eligible Investments and/or Collateral Obligations (each, a "Contribution"
and each such Holder, a "Contributor") to the Issuer for any purpose (including, without limitation, any Permitted Use).
Each accepted Contribution shall be received into the Contribution Account and applied by the Portfolio Manager, on behalf of the Issuer,
to a Permitted Use as directed by the Contributor in the related Contribution Notice or, if no direction is given by the Contributor,
at the Portfolio Manager's sole discretion. No Contribution or any portion thereof shall be returned to the Contributor at any time. Any
income earned on amounts deposited in the Contribution Account shall be deposited in the Collection Account as Interest Proceeds. For
the avoidance of doubt, Contributions shall not increase any rights held by any Holder.

214

Section 10.4. The Revolver Funding Account

The Collateral Trustee shall, prior
to the Closing Date, establish at the Custodian, a single, segregated non-interest bearing account held in the name of the Collateral
Trustee for the benefit of the Secured Parties which shall be designated as the "Revolver Funding Account" which shall
be maintained with the Custodian in accordance with the Account Agreement. The Issuer hereby directs the Collateral Trustee to deposit
the amount specified in the Closing Date Certificate into the Revolver Funding Account to be reserved for unfunded funding obligations
under any Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligations, Revolving Collateral Obligations or Workout Loans purchased on or before the Closing
Date. Upon the purchase of any Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation, Revolving Collateral Obligation or Workout Loan, Principal Proceeds
in an amount equal to the undrawn portion of such obligation shall be withdrawn first from the Ramp-Up Account and, if necessary, from
the Collection Account, as directed by the Portfolio Manager, and deposited by the Collateral Trustee pursuant to such direction in the
Revolver Funding Account; provided, that if such Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation, Revolving Collateral Obligation or Workout
Loan is a Participation Interest with respect to which the Selling Institution requires funds to be deposited with the Selling Institution
or its custodian in an amount equal to any portion of the undrawn amount of such obligation as collateral for the funding obligations
under such obligation (such funds, the "Selling Institution Collateral"), the Portfolio Manager on behalf of the Issuer
shall direct the Collateral Trustee to (and pursuant to such direction the Collateral Trustee shall) deposit such funds in the amount
of the Selling Institution Collateral with such Selling Institution or custodian rather than in the Revolver Funding Account; provided
that such Selling Institution or custodian is an Eligible Custodian.

Upon initial purchase of any Delayed
Drawdown Collateral Obligation, Revolving Collateral Obligation or Workout Loan, funds deposited in the Revolver Funding Account in respect
of such Collateral Obligation and Selling Institution Collateral deposited with the Selling Institution in respect of such Collateral
Obligation shall be treated as part of the purchase price therefor. Amounts on deposit in the Revolver Funding Account shall be invested
in overnight funds that are Eligible Investments selected by the Portfolio Manager pursuant to Section 10.6 and earnings from all
such investments shall be deposited in the Collection Account as Interest Proceeds.

Funds shall be deposited in the Revolver
Funding Account upon the purchase of any Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation, Revolving Collateral Obligation or Workout Loan and upon
the receipt by the Issuer of any Principal Proceeds with respect to a Revolving Collateral Obligation or Workout Loan, as directed by
the Portfolio Manager, such that the amount of funds on deposit in the Revolver Funding Account shall be equal to or greater than the
aggregate amount of unfunded funding obligations (disregarding the portion, if any, of any such unfunded funding obligations that is collateralized
by Selling Institution Collateral) under all such Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligations, Revolving Collateral Obligations and Workout
Loans then included in the Assets, as determined by the Portfolio Manager.

Any
funds in the Revolver Funding Account (other than earnings from Eligible Investments therein) shall be available, at the direction
of the Portfolio Manager, solely to cover any drawdowns on the Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligations, Revolving Collateral
Obligations and Workout Loans; provided, that any excess of (i) the amounts on deposit in the Revolver Funding Account
over (ii) the sum of the unfunded funding obligations (disregarding the portion, if any, of any such unfunded funding
obligations that is collateralized by Selling Institution Collateral) under all Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligations, Revolving
Collateral Obligations and Workout Loans that are included in the Assets (which excess may occur for any reason, including upon
(A) the sale or maturity of a Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation, Revolving Collateral Obligation or Workout Loan,
(B) the occurrence of an event of default with respect to any such Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation, Revolving Collateral
Obligation or Workout Loan or (C) any other event or circumstance which results in the irrevocable reduction of the undrawn
commitments under such Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation, Revolving Collateral Obligation or Workout Loan) may be transferred
by the Collateral Trustee (at the written direction of the Portfolio Manager on behalf of the Issuer) from time to time as Principal
Proceeds to the Collection Account.

215

Section 10.5. [Reserved].

Section 10.6. Reinvestment of Funds in Accounts;
Reports by Collateral Trustee

(a) By Issuer Order (which may be in the form of standing instructions), the Issuer (or the Portfolio
Manager on behalf of the Issuer) shall at all times direct the Collateral Trustee to, and, upon receipt of such Issuer Order, the
Collateral Trustee shall, invest all funds on deposit in the Collection Account, Interest Reserve Account, the Ramp-Up Account,
the Contribution Account, the Revolver Funding Account and the Expense Reserve Account as so directed in Eligible Investments having
stated maturities no later than the Business Day preceding the next Payment Date (or such other maturities expressly provided
herein). If at a time when no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (regardless of any acceleration of the Maturity of the
Debt), the Issuer shall not have given any such investment directions, the Collateral Trustee shall seek instructions from the
Portfolio Manager within three Business Days after transfer of any funds to such accounts. If the Collateral Trustee does not
thereafter receive written instructions from the Portfolio Manager within five Business Days after transfer of such funds to such
accounts, such funds shall be uninvested. If at a time when an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer shall not
have given such investment directions to the Collateral Trustee for three consecutive days, such funds shall be uninvested. Except
to the extent expressly provided otherwise herein, all interest and other income from such investments shall be credited to the
Collection Account upon receipt as Interest Proceeds, any gain realized from such investments shall be credited to the Collection
Account upon receipt as Principal Proceeds, and any loss resulting from such investments shall be charged to the Collection Account
as a reduction in Principal Proceeds. The Collateral Trustee shall not in any way be held liable by reason of any insufficiency of
such accounts which results from any loss relating to any such investment; provided that, nothing herein shall relieve
the Bank of (i) its obligations or liabilities under any security or obligation issued by the Bank or any Affiliate thereof or
(ii) liability for any loss resulting from gross negligence, willful misconduct or fraud on the part of the Bank or any
Affiliate thereof. Except as expressly provided herein, the Collateral Trustee shall not otherwise be under any duty to invest (or
pay interest on) amounts held hereunder from time to time. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this clause (a), if an
Eligible Investment is issued by the Bank, such Eligible Investment may mature on the relevant Payment Date. For the avoidance of
doubt, the stated maturity of each Eligible Investment must also be in compliance
with the definition thereof (including any requirement in the definition of "Eligible Investment" that the stated maturity of
an Eligible Investment be shorter than required pursuant to this Section 10.6(a)).

216

(b) The Collateral Trustee agrees to give the Issuer, with a copy to the Portfolio Manager, immediate notice if any Bank Officer has actual
knowledge that any Account or any funds on deposit in any Account, or otherwise to the credit of an Account, shall become subject to any
writ, order, judgment, warrant of attachment, execution or similar process.

(c) The Collateral Trustee shall supply, in a timely fashion, to the Issuer, the Rating Agency and the Portfolio Manager any information
regularly maintained by the Collateral Trustee that the Issuer, the Rating Agency or the Portfolio Manager may from time to time reasonably
request with respect to the Assets, the Accounts and the other Assets and provide any other requested information reasonably available
to the Collateral Trustee by reason of its acting as Collateral Trustee hereunder and required to be provided by Section 10.7 or
to permit the Portfolio Manager to perform its obligations under the Portfolio Management Agreement or the Issuer's obligations hereunder
that have been delegated to the Portfolio Manager. The Collateral Trustee shall promptly forward to the Portfolio Manager copies of notices
and other writings received by it from the issuer of any Collateral Obligation or from any Clearing Agency with respect to any Collateral
Obligation which notices or writings advise the holders of such Collateral Obligation
of any rights that the holders might have with respect thereto (including, without limitation, requests to vote with respect to amendments
or waivers and notices of redemptions and prepayments) as well as all periodic financial reports received from such issuer and Clearing
Agencies with respect to such issuer.

(d) In addition to any credit, withdrawal, transfer or other application of funds with respect to any Account set forth in this Article X,
any credit, withdrawal, transfer or other application of funds with respect to any Account authorized elsewhere in this Indenture is hereby
authorized.

(e) Any account established under this Indenture may include (and shall be deemed to include) any number of subaccounts deemed necessary
or advisable by the Collateral Trustee in the administration of the accounts.

217

(f) For the avoidance of doubt, the Accounts (including income, if any, earned on the investments of funds in any such Account) will be
owned by the Issuer for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The Issuer is required to provide to the Collateral Trustee (i) an IRS
Form W-9 of its sole beneficial owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes or, for periods during which the Issuer is treated as
a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, its
own IRS Form W-9 no later than the Closing Date, and (ii) any additional IRS forms (or updated versions of any previously submitted
IRS forms) or other documentation upon the reasonable request of the Collateral Trustee as may be necessary (A) to reduce or eliminate
the imposition of U.S. withholding taxes and (B) to
permit the Collateral Trustee to fulfill its tax reporting obligations under applicable
law with respect to the Accounts or any amounts paid to the Issuer. If any IRS form or other documentation previously delivered by the
Issuer to the Collateral Trustee pursuant to this clause (f) becomes inaccurate in any respect, the Issuer shall timely provide to
the Collateral Trustee accurately updated and complete versions of such IRS forms or other documentation. The Bank, both in its individual
capacity and in its capacity as Collateral Trustee, shall have no liability to the Issuer or any other Person in connection with any tax
withholding amounts paid or withheld from the Accounts pursuant to applicable law arising from the Issuer's failure to timely provide
an accurate, correct and complete IRS Form W-9 of its sole beneficial owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes or, for periods
during which the Issuer is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, its own IRS Form W-9 or such other documentation
contemplated under this paragraph. For the avoidance of doubt, no funds shall be invested with respect to such Accounts absent the Collateral
Trustee having first received (1) the requisite written investment direction with respect to the investment of such funds, and (2) the
IRS forms and other documentation required by this paragraph.

Section 10.7. Accountings

(a) Monthly. Not later than the 15th calendar day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day) of
each calendar month (other than a month in which a Payment Date occurs) and commencing June 2025, the Issuer shall compile and make
available (or cause to be compiled and made available) to the Rating Agency, the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent the Portfolio Manager,
the Placement Agents, the Structuring Agents and, upon written instructions (which may be in the form of standing instructions) from the
Portfolio Manager with all appropriate contact information, the CLO Information Service and, upon written request therefor, to any Holder
and, upon written notice to the Collateral Trustee in the form of Exhibit D, any Certifying Person, a monthly report on a trade date
basis (each such report a "Monthly Report"). As used herein, the "Monthly Report Determination Date"
with respect to any calendar month will be the last Business Day of the month prior to such calendar month (other than a month in which
a Quarterly Payment Date occurs). The Monthly Report for a calendar month shall contain the following information with respect to the
Collateral Obligations and Eligible Investments included in the Assets, and shall be determined as of the Monthly Report Determination
Date for such calendar month:

(i) Aggregate Principal Balance of Collateral Obligations and Eligible Investments representing Principal Proceeds.

(ii) Adjusted Collateral Principal Amount of Collateral Obligations.

(iii) Collateral Principal Amount of Collateral Obligations.

218

(iv) A list of Collateral Obligations, including, with respect to each such Collateral Obligation, the following information:

(A) The Obligor thereon (including the issuer ticker, if any);

(B) The CUSIP or security identifier thereof;

(C) The LoanX ID thereof;

(D) The Principal Balance thereof (other than any accrued interest that was purchased with Principal Proceeds (but excluding any capitalized
interest));

(E) The percentage of the aggregate Collateral Principal Amount represented by such Collateral Obligation;

(F) The related interest rate or spread;

(G) The Reference Rate floor, if any (as provided by or confirmed with the Portfolio Manager);

(H) The stated maturity thereof;

(I) The related S&P Industry Classification;

(J) The S&P Rating, unless such rating is based on a credit estimate unpublished by S&P or such rating is a confidential rating
or a private rating by S&P;

(K) The country of Domicile;

(L) An indication as to whether each such Collateral Obligation is (1) a Senior Secured Loan, (2) a Second Lien Loan, (3) an
Unsecured Loan, (4) a Participation Interest (indicating the related Selling Institution and its ratings by the Rating Agency), (5) a
Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation, (6) a Revolving Collateral Obligation, (7) a Fixed Rate Obligation, (8) a Current
Pay Obligation, (9) a DIP Collateral Obligation, (10) a Discount Obligation, (11) a Discount Obligation purchased in the manner
described in clause (y) of the proviso to the definition "Discount Obligation", (12) a Bridge Loan, (13) a Cov-Lite Loan,
(14) a Long- Dated Obligation, (15) a Deferrable Obligation, (16) a First Lien Last Out Loan, (17) a Purchased Defaulted Obligation, (18)
a Permitted Non-Loan Asset and (19) a Recurring Revenue Loan;

(M) With respect to each Collateral Obligation that is a Discount Obligation purchased in the manner described in clause (y) of the
proviso to the definition "Discount Obligation" based on the information provided by the Portfolio Manager;

219

(I) the identity of the Collateral Obligation (including whether such Collateral Obligation was classified as a Discount Obligation at
the time of its original purchase) the proceeds of whose sale are used to purchase the purchased Collateral Obligation;

(II) the purchase price (as a percentage of par) of the purchased Collateral Obligation and the sale price (as a percentage of par) of
the Collateral Obligation the proceeds of whose sale are used to purchase the purchased Collateral Obligation; and

(III) the Aggregate Principal Balance of Collateral Obligations that have been excluded from the definition of Discount Obligation and relevant
calculations indicating whether such amount is in compliance with the limitations described in clause (y) of the proviso to the definition
of Discount Obligation;

(N) [Reserved];

(O) The S&P Recovery Rate;

(P) The Market Value of such Collateral Obligation;

(Q) The purchase price (as a percentage of par) of such Collateral Obligation; and

(R) The payment frequency of such Collateral Obligation.

(v) If the Monthly Report Determination Date occurs on or after the Effective Date and on or prior to Maturity (including after the last
day of the Reinvestment Period), for each of the limitations and tests specified in the definitions of Concentration Limitations and Collateral
Quality Test, (1) the result, (2) the related minimum or maximum test level and (3) a determination as to whether such
result satisfies the related test.

(vi) The calculation of each of the following:

(A) Each Interest Coverage Ratio (and setting forth the percentage required to satisfy each Interest Coverage Test); and

(B) Each Overcollateralization Ratio (and setting forth the percentage required to satisfy each Overcollateralization Ratio Test).

(vii) The calculation specified in Section 5.1(g).

220

(viii) For each Account, (A) the name of the financial institution that holds such account, (B) the applicable ratings from S&P
required under Section 10.1 for such institution and (C) a schedule showing the beginning Balance, each credit or debit specifying
the nature, source and amount, and the ending Balance.

(ix) A schedule showing for each of the following the beginning Balance, the amount of Interest Proceeds received from the date of determination
of the immediately preceding Monthly Report, and the ending Balance for the current Measurement Date:

(A) Interest Proceeds from Collateral Obligations; and

(B) Interest Proceeds from Eligible Investments.

(x) Purchases, principal payments, and sales:

(A) The identity, Principal Balance (other than any accrued interest that was purchased with Principal Proceeds (but excluding any capitalized
interest)), Principal Proceeds and Interest Proceeds received, and date for (X) each Collateral Obligation that was released for
sale or other disposition pursuant to Section 12.1 since the last Monthly Report Determination Date and (Y) each redemption
or prepayment of a Collateral Obligation, and in the case of (X), whether such Collateral Obligation was a Credit Risk Obligation or a
Credit Improved Obligation, and whether the sale of such Collateral Obligation was a discretionary sale and whether such sale of a Collateral
Obligation was to an Affiliate of the Portfolio Manager (as provided by the Portfolio Manager);

(B) The identity, Principal Balance (other than any accrued interest that was purchased with Principal Proceeds (but excluding any capitalized
interest)), and Principal Proceeds and Interest Proceeds expended to acquire each Collateral Obligation acquired pursuant to Section 12.2
since the last Monthly Report Determination Date and whether such Collateral Obligation was obtained through a purchase from an Affiliate
of the Portfolio Manager (as provided by the Portfolio Manager); and

(C) Following the Reinvestment Period, with respect to each Prepaid Obligation and each Credit Risk Obligation sold since the prior Monthly
Report, its stated maturity.

(xi) The identity of each Defaulted Obligation, the S&P Collateral Value and Market Value of each such Defaulted Obligation and date
of default thereof.

(xii) The identity of each Collateral Obligation with an S&P Rating of "CCC+" or below and the Market Value of each such Collateral
Obligation.

221

(xiii) The identity of each Deferring Obligation, the S&P Collateral Value and Market Value of each Deferring Obligation, and the date
on which interest was last paid in full in Cash thereon.

(xiv) The identity of each Current Pay Obligation, the Market Value of each such Current Pay Obligation, and the percentage of the Collateral
Principal Amount comprised of Current Pay Obligations.

(xv) The identity of each Restructured Loan, Workout Loan and Workout Security and the stated maturity of each Restructured Loan, Workout
Loan and Workout Security.

(xvi) The Aggregate Principal Balance, measured cumulatively from the Closing Date onward, of all Collateral Obligations that would have
been acquired through a Distressed Exchange but for the operation of the second proviso in the definition of Distressed Exchange.

(xvii) The Weighted Average Floating Spread.

(xviii) Whether any Trading Plans were entered into since the last Monthly Report Determination Date and the identity of any Assets acquired
and/or disposed of in connection with each such Trading Plan.

(xix) For each Eligible Investment, the Obligor, credit rating, and maturity date.

(xx) Such other information as any Rating Agency or the Portfolio Manager may reasonably request.

(xxi) A list of any Credit Amendments effected since the last Monthly Report Determination Date and the Aggregate Principal Balance of all
Assets that have been the subject of Credit Amendments since the Closing Date (as provided by the Portfolio Manager).

(xxii) If a deposit is made into the Collection Account pursuant to Section 10.3(c), the Target Initial Par Balance as of the date specified
in Section 10.3(c).

(xxiii) With respect to any debt obligation received pursuant to an Exchange Transaction, (a) the
identity and aggregate principal amount of the obligations received and exchanged in such Exchange Transaction, (b) the
percentage of the Collateral Principal Amount consisting of Collateral Obligations that are subject to an Exchange Transaction and
(c) the percentage of the Target Initial Par Amount consisting of Collateral Obligations that are and have been subject
to an Exchange Transaction since the Closing Date.

(xxiv) [Reserved].

222

(xxv) The results of the S&P CDO Monitor Test (with a statement as to whether it is passing or failing), including, in addition to the
information set forth in clause (xxvi) below, the Class Default Differential for the Highest Ranking S&P Class and
the characteristics of the Current Portfolio. In addition, prior to the Effective Date and together with each Monthly Report, the Issuer
shall provide to S&P the Excel Default Model Input File, which shall include the LoanX identifications of any Collateral Obligations,
at cdo_surveillance@spglobal.com.

(xxvi) The following information (with the terms used in clauses (A) through (I) below having the meanings assigned thereto in
Schedule 2 hereto).

(A) S&P CDO Monitor Adjusted BDR;

(B) S&P CDO Monitor BDR;

(C) S&P CDO Monitor SDR;

(D) S&P Default Rate Dispersion;

(E) S&P Weighted Average Rating Factor;

(F) S&P Industry Diversity Measure;

(G) S&P Obligor Diversity Measure;

(H) S&P Regional Diversity Measure; and

(I) S&P Weighted Average Life.

(xxvii) The Aggregate Principal Balance of all Senior Secured Loans owned by the Issuer.

(xxviii) The Aggregate Principal Balance of all Cov-Lite Loans.

Upon receipt of each Monthly
Report, the Collateral Trustee (if not the same Person as the Collateral Administrator) shall compare the information contained in
such Monthly Report to the information contained in its records with respect to the Assets and shall, within three Business Days
after receipt of such Monthly Report, notify the Issuer, the Collateral Administrator, the Rating Agency and the Portfolio Manager
if the information contained in the Monthly Report does not conform to the information maintained by the Collateral Trustee with
respect to the Assets. In the event that any discrepancy exists, the Collateral Trustee and the Issuer, or the Portfolio Manager on
behalf of the Issuer, shall attempt to resolve the discrepancy. If such discrepancy cannot be promptly resolved, the Collateral
Trustee shall within five Business Days notify the Portfolio Manager who shall, on behalf of the Issuer, request that the
Independent accountants appointed by the Issuer pursuant to Section 10.9 perform the agreed-upon procedures on such Monthly
Report and the Collateral Trustee's and/or the Collateral Administrator's records to determine the cause of such discrepancy. If
such review reveals an error in the Monthly Report or the Collateral Trustee's records, the Monthly Report or the Portfolio
Manager's, the Collateral Trustee's and/or the Collateral Administrator's records shall be revised accordingly and, as so revised,
shall be utilized in making all calculations pursuant to this Indenture and notice of any error in the Monthly Report shall be sent
as soon as practicable by the Issuer to all recipients of such report which may be accomplished by making a notation of such error
in the subsequent Monthly Report.

223

(b) Quarterly Payment Date Accounting. The Issuer shall render an accounting (each a "Distribution Report"), determined
as of the close of business on each Determination Date preceding a Quarterly Payment Date, and shall make available such Distribution
Report to the Collateral Trustee, the Portfolio Manager, the Placement Agents, the Structuring Agents, the CLO Information Service, each
Rating Agency then rating a Class of Debt and, upon written request therefor, any Holder and, upon written notice to the Collateral
Trustee in the form of Exhibit D, any beneficial owner of a Note not later than the Business Day preceding the related Quarterly
Payment Date. The Distribution Report shall contain the following information:

(i) the information required to be in the Monthly Report pursuant to Section 10.7(a);

(ii) (a) the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Debt of each Class at the beginning of the Interest Accrual Period and such
amount as a percentage of the original Aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Debt of such Class, (b) the amount of principal payments
to be made on the Debt of each Class on the next Payment Date, the amount of any Deferred Interest on any Class of Deferred
Interest Debt and the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Debt of each Class after giving effect to the principal payments, if any,
on the next Payment Date and such amount as a percentage of the original Aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Debt of such Class, and (c) the
amount of distributions to be paid to the Issuer on the next Payment Date;

(iii) the Interest Rate and accrued interest for each Class of Debt for such Quarterly Payment Date;

(iv) the amounts payable pursuant to each clause of Section 11.1(a)(i), each clause of Section 11.1(a)(ii) and each clause
of Section 11.1(a)(iii), as applicable, on the related Quarterly Payment Date;

(v) for the Collection Account:

(A) the Balance of Principal Proceeds on deposit in the Collection Account at the end of the related Collection Period and the
Balance of Interest Proceeds on deposit in the Collection Account
on the next Business Day following the end of the related Collection Period;

224

(B) the amounts payable from the Collection Account to the Payment Account, in order to make payments pursuant to Section 11.1(a)(i) and
Section 11.1(a)(ii) on the next Payment Date (net of amounts which the Portfolio Manager intends to reinvest in additional Collateral
Obligations pursuant to Article XII); and

(C) the Balance remaining in the Collection Account immediately after all payments and deposits to be made on such Quarterly Payment Date;
and

(vi) such other information as the Portfolio Manager may reasonably request.

Each Distribution Report shall constitute
instructions to the Collateral Trustee to withdraw funds from the Payment Account and pay or transfer such amounts set forth in such Distribution
Report in the manner specified and in accordance with the priorities established in Section 11.1 and Article XIII.

(c) Interest Rate Notice. The Issuer (or the Collateral Administrator on its behalf) shall include in the Monthly Report a notice
setting forth the Interest Rate for each Class of Debt for the Interest Accrual Period preceding the next Payment Date.

(d) Failure to Provide Accounting. If the Collateral Trustee shall not have received any accounting provided for in this Section 10.7
on the first Business Day after the date on which such accounting is due to the Collateral Trustee, the Collateral Trustee shall notify
the Portfolio Manager who shall use all reasonable efforts to obtain such accounting by the applicable Payment Date. To the extent the
Portfolio Manager is required to provide any information or reports pursuant to this Section 10.7 as a result of the failure of
the Issuer to provide such information or reports, the Portfolio Manager shall be entitled to retain an Independent certified public accountant
in connection therewith and the reasonable costs incurred by the Portfolio Manager for such Independent certified public accountant shall
be paid by the Issuer.

225

(e) Required Content of Certain Reports. Each Monthly Report and each Distribution Report sent to any Holder or beneficial owner
of an interest in a Note shall contain, or be accompanied by, the following notices:

"The Investment Company Act of
1940, as amended (the "Investment Company Act") requires that all holders of the outstanding securities of the
Issuer be "qualified purchasers" as defined in Section 2(a)(51)(A) of the Investment Company Act and related
rules ("Qualified Purchasers"). Under the rules, the Issuer must have a "reasonable belief" that all
holders of its outstanding securities, including transferees, are Qualified Purchasers. Consequently, all sales and resales of the
Debt must be made solely to purchasers that are Qualified Purchasers. Each purchaser of a Note will be deemed (or required, as the
case may be) to represent at the time of purchase that: (i) the purchaser is a Qualified Purchaser who is either (x) an
institutional "accredited investor" ("IAI") within the meaning of Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or
(7) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), (y) a qualified institutional
buyer as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("QIB") or (z) a non-U.S. person acquiring such
notes in an offshore transaction (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) in reliance on the exemption from
registration provided by Regulation S under the Securities Act (a person satisfying one of clauses (x), (y) or (z), a
"QIB/IAI/non-U.S. person");
(ii) the purchaser is acting for its own account or the on behalf of the account of another Qualified Purchaser that is a
QIB/IAI/non-U.S. person (as applicable); (iii) the purchaser is not formed for the purpose of investing in the Issuer;
(iv) the purchaser, and each account for which it is purchasing, will hold and transfer at least the Minimum Denomination of
the Debt specified in the Indenture; (v) the purchaser can make the representations set forth in Section 2.5 of the
Indenture or the appropriate Exhibit to the Indenture; (vi) the purchaser understands that the Issuer may receive a list
of participants holding positions in securities from one or more book-entry depositories; (vii) the purchaser will provide
written notice of the foregoing, and of any applicable restrictions on transfer, to any subsequent transferees. The Debt may only be
transferred to another Qualified Purchaser and QIB/IAI/non-U.S. person (as applicable) and all subsequent transferees are deemed to
have made representations (i) through (vii) above."

"The Issuer directs that the recipient
of this notice, and any recipient of a copy of this notice, provide a copy to any Person having an interest in this Note as indicated
on the books of DTC or on the books of a participant in DTC or on the books of an indirect participant for which such participant in DTC
acts as agent."

"The Indenture provides that
if, notwithstanding the restrictions on transfer contained therein, the Issuer determines that any holder of, or beneficial owner of
an interest in a Note is determined not to have been a Qualified Purchaser at the time of acquisition of such Note or beneficial
interest therein, the Issuer may require, by notice to such Holder or beneficial owner, that such Holder or beneficial owner sell
all of its right, title and interest to such Note (or any interest therein) to a Person that is either (x) Qualified Purchaser
that is not a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S) acquiring the Debt in an offshore transaction (as defined in Regulation S) in
reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Regulation S, or (y) a Qualified Purchaser who is either an AI or a QIB
(as applicable), with such sale to be effected within 30 days after notice of such sale requirement is given. If such holder or
beneficial owner fails to effect the transfer required within such 30-day period, (i) the Issuer or the Portfolio Manager
acting for the Issuer, without further notice to such holder, shall and is hereby irrevocably authorized by such holder or
beneficial owner, to cause its Note or beneficial interest therein to be transferred in accordance with Section 2.11 of the
Indenture to a Person that certifies to the Collateral Trustee, the Issuer and the Portfolio Manager, in connection with such
transfer, that such Person meets the qualifications set forth in clauses (x) and (y) above and (ii) pending such
transfer, no further payments will be made in respect of such Note or beneficial interest therein held by such holder or beneficial
owner."

226

Each holder receiving this report agrees
to keep all non-public information herein confidential and not to use such information for any purpose other than its evaluation of its
investment in the Debt; provided that, any holder may provide such information on a confidential basis to any prospective
purchaser of such holder's Debt that is permitted by the terms of this Indenture to acquire such holder's Debt and that agrees to keep
such information confidential in accordance with the terms of this Indenture.

(f) Distribution of Reports and Documents. The Collateral Trustee will make the Monthly Report, the Distribution Report, this Indenture
and the Portfolio Management Agreement available through the Collateral Trustee's Website. The Collateral Trustee shall have the right
to change the way such statements and documents are distributed in order to make such distribution more convenient and/or more accessible
to the above parties, and the Collateral Trustee shall provide timely and adequate notification to all above parties regarding any such
changes. As a condition to access to the Collateral Trustee's Website, the Collateral Trustee may require registration and the acceptance
of a disclaimer. The Collateral Trustee shall be entitled to rely on, but shall not be responsible for, the content or accuracy of any
information provided in the Monthly Report and the Distribution Report which the Collateral Trustee disseminates in accordance with this
Indenture and may affix thereto any disclaimer it deems appropriate in its reasonable discretion. Furthermore, the Collateral Trustee
is hereby directed to make available to Intex and Moody's Analytics each Monthly Report and Distribution Report.

Section 10.8. Release of Assets

(a) The Portfolio Manager may, by Issuer Order delivered to the Collateral Trustee no later than the settlement date of any sale of an
obligation (or, in the case of physical settlement, no later than the Business Day preceding such date), certifying with respect to settlements
after the Effective Date that the applicable conditions set forth in Article XII have been met (which certification shall be deemed
to have been provided by the Portfolio Manager upon delivery of an Issuer Order in respect of such sale), direct the Collateral Trustee
to deliver such obligation against receipt of payment therefor.

(b) The Portfolio Manager may, by Issuer Order delivered to the Collateral Trustee no later than the settlement date of any redemption
or payment in full of a Collateral Obligation or Eligible Investment (or, in the case of physical settlement, no later than the Business
Day preceding such date) certifying that such obligation is being redeemed or paid in full, direct the Collateral Trustee or, at the Collateral
Trustee's instruction, the Custodian, to deliver such obligation, if in physical form, duly endorsed, or, if such obligation is a Clearing
Corporation Note, to cause it to be presented (or in the case of a general intangible or a participation, cause such actions as are necessary
to transfer such obligation to the designated transferee free of liens, claims or encumbrances created
by this Indenture), to the appropriate paying agent therefor on or before the date set for redemption or payment, in each case against
receipt of the redemption price or payment in full thereof.

227

(c) Subject to Article XII, the Portfolio Manager may, by Issuer Order delivered to the Collateral Trustee no later than the settlement
date of an exchange, tender or sale (or, in the case of physical settlement, no later than the Business Day preceding such date), certifying
that a Collateral Obligation is subject to a tender offer, voluntary redemption, exchange offer, conversion or other action having a similar
effect when required under this Indenture (an "Offer") and setting forth in reasonable detail the procedure for response
to such Offer, direct the Collateral Trustee or, at the Collateral Trustee's instructions, the Custodian, to deliver such obligation,
if in physical form, duly endorsed, or, if such obligation is a Clearing Corporation Note, to cause it to be delivered, in accordance
with such Issuer Order, in each case against receipt of payment therefor.

(d) Subject to Article XII, the Portfolio Manager may, by Issuer Order delivered to the Collateral Trustee no later than the settlement
date of an exchange (or in the case of physical settlement, no later than the Business Day preceding such date), certifying that the exchange
satisfies the conditions set forth in the definition of Exchange Transaction, direct the Collateral Trustee to deliver such obligation,
if in physical form, duly endorsed, or, if such obligation is a Clearing Corporation Note, to cause it to be delivered, in accordance
with the Issuer Order, in each case against receipt of another debt obligation therefor.

(e) The Collateral Trustee shall deposit any proceeds received by it from the disposition of a Collateral Obligation or Eligible Investment
in the Collection Account, unless such proceeds are simultaneously applied to the purchase of Collateral Obligations or Eligible Investments.

(f) The Collateral Trustee shall, (i) upon receipt of an Issuer Order, release from the lien of this Indenture any Illiquid Assets
sold, distributed or disposed of pursuant to Article IV, and (ii) upon receipt of an Issuer Order at such time as there are
no Debt Outstanding and all obligations of the Issuer hereunder have been satisfied, release the Assets from the lien of this Indenture.

(g) [Reserved].

(h) The Collateral Trustee shall, upon receipt of an Issuer Order, release from the lien of this Indenture any Selling Institution Collateral
in accordance with Section 10.4.

(i) Following delivery of any obligation pursuant to clauses (a) through (c) and (e) through (g) above, such obligation
shall be released from the lien of this Indenture without further action by the Collateral Trustee or the Issuer.

(j) The Collateral Trustee shall, upon receipt of an Issuer Order, release from the lien of this Indenture any Assets sold, transferred,
exchanged or otherwise disposed of or distributed in accordance with the terms of this Indenture.

228

Section 10.9. Reports by Independent Accountants

(a) Prior to the delivery of any reports of accountants required to be prepared pursuant to the terms hereof, the Issuer shall appoint
one or more firms of Independent certified public accountants of recognized international reputation for purposes of reviewing and delivering
any Accountants' Reports required by this Indenture, which may be the firm of Independent certified public accountants that performs accounting
services for the Issuer or the Portfolio Manager. The Issuer (or the Portfolio Manager on behalf of the Issuer) may remove any firm of
Independent certified public accountants at any time without the consent of any Holder. Upon any resignation by such firm or removal of
such firm by the Issuer, the Issuer (or the Portfolio Manager on behalf of the Issuer) shall promptly appoint by Issuer Order delivered
to the Collateral Trustee and the Rating Agency a successor thereto that shall also be a firm of Independent certified public accountants
of recognized international reputation, which may be a firm of Independent certified public accountants that performs accounting services
for the Issuer or the Portfolio Manager. If the Issuer shall fail to appoint a successor to a firm of Independent certified public accountants
which has resigned within 30 days after such resignation, the Issuer shall promptly notify the Collateral Trustee, with a copy to the
Portfolio Manager, of such failure in writing. If the Issuer shall not have appointed a successor within 10 days thereafter, the Collateral
Trustee shall promptly notify the Portfolio Manager, who shall appoint a successor firm of Independent certified public accountants of
recognized international reputation. The fees of such Independent certified public accountants and its successor shall be payable by the
Issuer.

(b) No later than 120 days after September 30 of each year commencing in 2025, the Issuer shall cause to be delivered to the Collateral
Trustee a report (subject to the terms of an agreed upon procedures letter) from a firm of Independent certified public accountants for
each Distribution Report received since the last statement (i) indicating that the calculations within those Distribution Reports
have been recalculated and compared to the information provided by the Issuer in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Indenture
and (ii) recalculating the Aggregate Principal Balance of the Assets and the Aggregate Principal Balance of the Collateral Obligations
securing the Debt as of the immediately preceding Determination Dates; provided that, in the event of a conflict between
such firm of Independent certified public accountants and the Issuer with respect to any matter in this Section 10.9, the determination
by such firm of Independent public accountants shall be conclusive. To the extent a Holder or a Certifying Person requests the yield to
maturity in respect of the relevant Note in order to determine any "original issue discount" in respect thereof, the Collateral
Trustee shall request that the firm of Independent certified public accountants appointed by the Issuer recalculate such yield to maturity.
The Collateral Trustee shall have no responsibility to calculate the yield to maturity nor to verify the accuracy of such Independent
certified public accountants' calculation. In the event that the firm of Independent certified public accountants fails to calculate such
yield to maturity, the Collateral Trustee shall have no responsibility to provide such information to Holder or a beneficial owner of a Note.
Neither the Collateral Trustee nor the Collateral Administrator shall have any responsibility to the Issuer or the Secured Parties to
make any inquiry or investigation as to, and shall have no obligation in respect of, the terms of any engagement of Independent public
accountants by the Issuer (or the Portfolio Manager on behalf of the Issuer); provided, however, that the Collateral Trustee
shall be authorized by the Issuer under this Section 10.9 to execute any acknowledgement or other agreement with the Independent
accountants required for the Collateral Trustee to receive any of the reports or instructions provided for in this Indenture, which acknowledgment
or agreement may include, among other things, (i) acknowledgement of the responsibility for the sufficiency of the procedures to
be performed by the Independent accountants for its purposes, (ii) releases by the Collateral Trustee (on behalf of itself and the
Holders) of claims against the Independent accountants and acknowledgment of other limitations of liability in favor of the Independent
accountants and (iii) restrictions or prohibitions on the disclosure of information or documents provided to it by such firm of Independent
accountants (including to the Holders). It is understood and agreed that the Collateral Trustee will deliver such letter of agreement
in conclusive reliance on the foregoing direction of the Issuer, and the Collateral Trustee shall make no inquiry or investigation as
to, and shall have no obligation in respect of, the sufficiency, validity or correctness of such procedures. The Collateral Trustee shall
not be required to make any such agreements that adversely affect the Bank in its individual capacity.

229

(c) Upon the written request of the Collateral Trustee, or any Holder of Debt, the Issuer will cause the firm of Independent certified
public accountants appointed pursuant to Section 10.9(a) to provide any Holder Debt with all of the information required to
be provided by the Issuer pursuant to Section 7.17 or assist the Issuer in the preparation thereof.

Section 10.10. Reports to Rating Agency and Additional
Recipients

In addition to the information and
reports specifically required to be provided to the Rating Agency pursuant to the terms of this Indenture, the Issuer shall provide the
Rating Agency with all information or reports delivered to the Collateral Trustee hereunder (with the exception of any Effective Date
Accountants' AUP Reports or any other Accountants' Report other than as provided in the last sentence of this Section 10.10), and
such additional information as any Rating Agency may from time to time reasonably request (including, with respect to credit estimates
or any Collateral Obligation, Workout Loan, Workout Security or Equity Security subject to a private rating or a credit opinion, notification
to S&P in accordance with Section 14.3(a) of any material modification that would result in substantial changes to the terms
of any loan document relating to such Collateral Obligation or any release of collateral thereunder not permitted by such loan documentation).
In accordance with SEC Release No. 34-72936, Form 15-E, only in its complete and unedited form which includes the Effective
Date Accountants' Comparison AUP Report as an attachment, shall be provided by the Independent accountants to the Issuer who shall post
such Form 15-E on the 17g-5 Website.

230

Section 10.11. Procedures
Relating to the Establishment of Accounts Controlled by the Collateral Trustee

Notwithstanding anything else contained
herein, the Issuer agrees that with respect to each of the Accounts, it will cause the Custodian establishing such accounts to enter into
an Account Agreement and, if the Custodian is the Bank, shall cause the Bank to comply with the provisions of such Account Agreement.
Notwithstanding anything else contained herein, the Collateral Trustee may open such subaccounts of any such Account as it deems necessary
or appropriate for convenience of administration.

Section 10.12. Section 3(c)(7) Procedures

(a) DTC Actions. The Issuer will direct DTC to take the following steps in connection with the Global Notes (or such other appropriate
steps regarding legends of restrictions on the Global Notes under Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act and Rule 144A
as may be customary under DTC procedures at any given time):

(i) The Issuer will direct DTC to include the marker "3c7" in the DTC 20- character security descriptor and the 48-character
additional descriptor for the Global Notes.

(ii) The Issuer will direct DTC to cause each physical deliver order ticket that is delivered by DTC to purchasers to contain the 20-character
security descriptor. The Issuer will direct DTC to cause each deliver order ticket that is delivered by DTC to purchasers in electronic
form to contain a "3c7" indicator and a related user manual for participants. Such user manual will contain a description of
the relevant restrictions imposed by Section 3(c)(7).

(iii) On or prior to the Closing Date, the Issuer will instruct DTC to send a Section 3(c)(7) notice to all DTC participants in
connection with the offering of the Global Notes.

(iv) In addition to the obligations of the Registrar set forth in Section 2.5, the Issuer will from time to time (upon the request
of the Collateral Trustee) make a request to DTC to deliver to the Issuer a list of all DTC participants holding an interest in the Global
Notes.

(v) The Issuer will cause each CUSIP number obtained for a Global Note to have "3c7" and "144A" indicators, as applicable,
attached to such CUSIP number.

(b) Bloomberg Screens, Etc. The Issuer will from time to time request all third-party vendors to include on screens maintained
by such vendors appropriate legends regarding restrictions on the Global Notes under Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company
Act and Rule 144A.

231

Section 10.13. EU/UK Transparency Requirements.

The Issuer hereby agrees that it shall
be designated pursuant to Article 7(2) of the EU Securitization Regulation and Article 7(2) of Chapter 2 of the PRASR
and SECN 6.3.1 of the FCASR as the designated entity required to fulfill the EU/UK Transparency Requirements. The Issuer agrees and further
covenants that it will make available to the Holders, any potential investors in the Debt (upon request thereby) and the competent authorities
(as determined under the EU/UK Securitization Regulations) (together, the "Relevant Recipients") the documents, reports
and information necessary to fulfill any applicable reporting obligations under the EU/UK Transparency Requirements. The Issuer shall
also determine (which determination may be made in consultation with the Portfolio Manager) whether any reports, data and other information
is necessary or essential in connection with the preparation of any loan level reports, investor reports and any reports in respect of
inside information and significant events (such reports, collectively, the "Transparency Reports"). As more fully described
in, and subject to, the Collateral Administration Agreement, the Collateral Administrator shall compile the Transparency Reports and provide
such reports to the Issuer (or its designee) so that it may be made available by the Issuer (or by the Collateral Administrator on behalf
of the Isser) in accordance with the EU/UK Transparency Requirements; provided, that the Issuer (or the Collateral Administrator
or other applicable agent acting on behalf of the Issuer) may make the Transparency Reports available via a secured website of the Collateral
Administrator which shall be accessible to any person who certifies to the Issuer and the Collateral Administrator (such certification
to be in the form set out in the Collateral Administration Agreement, as may be amended from time to time as required by the Issuer and/or
the Collateral Administrator) that it is a Relevant Recipient. The Issuer shall also be entitled (with the consent of the Portfolio Manager
at the cost and expense of the Issuer, subject to and in accordance with the Priority of Payments) to appoint one or more Transparency
Reporting Agents to prepare, or assist in the preparation of, the Transparency Reports and/or to make such information available to any
Relevant Recipients.

232

ARTICLE XI 

APPLICATION OF MONIES

Section 11.1. Disbursements of Monies from Payment
Account

(a) Notwithstanding any other provision in this Indenture, but subject to the other subsections of this Section 11.1 and to Section 13.1,
on each Payment Date, the Collateral Trustee shall disburse amounts transferred from the Collection Account to the Payment Account pursuant
to Section 10.2 (and in respect of the second Payment Date, amounts transferred from the Interest Reserve Account to the Payment
Account pursuant to Section 10.3(e)) in accordance with the following priorities (subject to the subsections described above in this
sentence and the following proviso, the "Priority of Payments"); provided, that unless an Enforcement Event has
occurred and is continuing or the Special Priority of Payments otherwise applies, (x) Interest Proceeds transferred from the Collection
Account shall be applied solely in accordance with Section 11.1(a)(i); and (y) Principal Proceeds transferred from the Collection
Account shall be applied solely in accordance with Section 11.1(a)(ii):

(i) On each Quarterly Payment Date, unless an Enforcement Event has occurred and is continuing or the
Special Priority of Payments otherwise applies, Interest Proceeds on
deposit in the Collection Account, to the extent received on or before the related Determination Date (or if such Determination Date is
not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day) and in the case of the second Payment Date, Interest Proceeds on deposit in
the Interest Reserve Account, in each case that are transferred into the Payment Account, shall be applied in the following order of priority:

(A) (1) first, to the payment of taxes and governmental fees (including annual return fees and registered office fees) owing
by the Issuer, if any, and (2) second, to the payment of the accrued and unpaid Administrative Expenses, in the priority stated
in the definition thereof, up to the Administrative Expense Cap;

233

(B) to the extent not deferred by the Portfolio Manager pursuant to Section 11.1(d) or otherwise waived by the Portfolio Manager
in accordance with Section 11.1(e), to the payment of the Base Management Fee due and payable to the Portfolio Manager (including
any accrued and unpaid interest thereon) and any unpaid Deferred Base Management Fee that has been deferred with respect to prior Payment
Dates which the Portfolio Manager elects to have paid on such Payment Date pursuant to Section 11.1(d); provided that,
amounts paid as any Deferred Base Management Fee pursuant to this clause (B) may not exceed the Deferred Base Management Fee
Cap; provided further that any accrued and unpaid interest pursuant to this clause (B) shall be paid solely to the extent
that, after giving effect on a pro forma basis to such payment, sufficient Interest Proceeds remain to pay in full all interest
(including Deferred Interest) due and payable on each Class of Debt on such Payment Date;

(C) to the payment, pari passu and pro rata of accrued and unpaid interest on the Class A-1 Notes, the Class A-1L
Loans and Class A- 1W Loans;

(D) to the payment, pari passu and pro rata of accrued and unpaid interest on the Class A-2 Notes and the Class A-2L
Loans;

(E) to the payment of accrued and unpaid interest on the Class B Notes;

(F) if either of the Class A/B Coverage Tests (except, in the case of the Class A/B Interest Coverage Test, if such Payment
Date is the first Payment Date after the Closing Date) is not satisfied on the related Determination Date, to make payments in accordance
with the Debt Payment Sequence to the extent necessary to cause all Class A/B Coverage Tests on such Payment Date to be satisfied
on a pro forma basis after giving effect to all payments pursuant to this clause (F);

234

(G) to the payment of accrued and unpaid interest (excluding Deferred Interest, but including interest on Deferred Interest) on the Class C
Notes;

(H) if either of the Class C Coverage Tests (except, in the case of the Class C Interest Coverage Test, if such Payment Date
is the first Payment Date after the Closing Date) is not satisfied on the related Determination Date, to make payments in accordance with
the Debt Payment Sequence to the extent necessary to cause all Class C Coverage Tests on such Payment Date to be satisfied on a pro
forma basis after giving effect to all payments pursuant to this clause (H);

(I) to the payment of any Deferred Interest on the Class C Notes;

(J) with respect to any Payment Date following the Effective Date upon which an Effective Date Rating Failure has occurred and is continuing,
amounts available for distribution pursuant to this clause (J) shall be used, in the discretion
of the Portfolio Manager, either (i) for application in accordance
with the Debt Payment Sequence on such Payment Date or (ii) for the purchase of additional Collateral Obligations, or in any combination
of clauses (i) and (ii) above, in each case in amounts sufficient to obtain the Effective Date Ratings Confirmation;

(K) to the extent not deferred by the Portfolio Manager pursuant to Section 11.1(d) or otherwise waived by the Portfolio Manager
in accordance with Section 11.1(e), to the payment of the Subordinated Management Fee due and payable to the Portfolio Manager (including
any accrued and unpaid interest thereon) and any unpaid Deferred Subordinated Management Fee that has been deferred with respect to prior
Payment Dates which the Portfolio Manager elects to have paid on such Payment Date pursuant to Section 11.1(d);

(L) to the payment of (1) first (in the same manner and order of priority stated in the definition thereof) any Administrative
Expenses not paid pursuant to clause (A)(2) above due to the limitation contained therein and (2) second, any Deferred
Base Management Fee not paid pursuant to clause (B) above due to the limitations contained therein; and

(M) any remaining Interest Proceeds shall be paid to the holders of the Interests as directed by the Issuer in accordance with the Issuer
LLCA or, at the direction of the Issuer, deposited directly into the Contribution Account for application to a Permitted Use as directed
by the Portfolio Manager in its sole discretion.

235

(ii) On each Quarterly Payment Date, unless an Enforcement Event has occurred and is continuing or the Special Priority of Payments otherwise
applies, Principal Proceeds on deposit in the Collection Account that are received on or before the related Determination Date (or if
such Determination Date is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day) and that are transferred to the Payment Account (which
will not include (i) amounts required to meet funding requirements with respect to Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligations, Revolving
Collateral Obligations and Workout Loans that are deposited in the Revolver Funding Account, (ii) during the Reinvestment Period,
Principal Proceeds that will be used to reinvest in Collateral Obligations that the Issuer has already committed to purchase, and (iii) after
the Reinvestment Period, subject to Section 12.2(a)(y), Principal Proceeds permitted to be used to settle Post- Reinvestment Period
Settlement Obligations) and in the case of the second Payment Date, Principal Proceeds on deposit in the Interest Reserve Account that
are transferred to the Payment Account, shall be applied in the following order of priority:

(A) to pay the amounts referred to in clauses (A) through (E) of Section 11.1(a)(i) (in the same manner and order
of priority stated therein), but only to the extent not paid in full thereunder;

(B) to pay the amounts referred to in clause (F) of Section 11.1(a)(i) but only to the extent not paid in full thereunder
and to the extent necessary to cause the Coverage Tests that are applicable on such Payment Date with respect to Class A-1 Debt,
the Class A-2 Debt and the Class B Notes to be met as of the related Determination Date on
a pro forma basis after giving effect to any payments made through this clause (B);

(C) to pay the amounts referred to in clause (G) of Section 11.1(a)(i) to the extent not paid in full thereunder, only
to the extent that the Class C Notes are the Controlling Class;

(D) to pay the amounts referred to in clause (H) of Section 11.1(a)(i) but only to the extent not paid in full thereunder
and to the extent necessary to cause the Coverage Tests that are applicable on such Payment Date with respect to the Class C Notes
to be met as of the related Determination Date on a pro forma basis after giving effect to any payments made through this clause
(D);

(E) to pay the amounts referred to in clause (I) of Section 11.1(a)(i) to the extent not paid in full thereunder, only
to the extent that the Class C Notes are the Controlling Class;

236

(F) with respect to any Payment Date following the Effective Date, if after the application of Interest Proceeds as provided in clause
(J) of Section 11.1(a)(i), the Effective
Date Ratings Confirmation has not been obtained, amounts available for distribution pursuant to this clause (F) shall be used for
application in accordance with the Debt Payment Sequence on such Payment Date in an amount sufficient to obtain Effective Date Ratings
Confirmation;

(G) if such Quarterly Payment Date is a Special Redemption Date, to make payments in the amount, if any, of the Principal Proceeds that
the Portfolio Manager has determined cannot be practicably reinvested in additional Collateral Obligations, in accordance with the Debt
Payment Sequence;

(H) (1) during the Reinvestment Period, to the Collection Account as Principal Proceeds to invest in Eligible Investments (pending
the purchase of additional Collateral Obligations) and/or to apply toward the purchase of additional Collateral Obligations, and (2) subject
to Section 12.2(a)(y), after the Reinvestment Period, as designated by the Portfolio Manager, to the Collection Account as Principal
Proceeds to invest in any Eligible Investments (pending the purchase of Post-Reinvestment Period Settlement Obligations) and/or to settle
Post-Reinvestment Period Settlement Obligations;

(I) to make payments in accordance with the Debt Payment Sequence;

(J) to pay the amounts referred to in clause (K) of Section 11.1(a)(i) only to the extent not already paid;

(K) to pay the amounts referred to in clause (L) of Section 11.1(a)(i) only to the extent not already paid; and

(L) any remaining Principal Proceeds shall be paid to the holders of the Interests as directed by the Issuer in accordance with the Issuer
LLCA.

237

(iii) Notwithstanding the provisions of the foregoing Sections 11.1(a)(i) and 11.1(a)(ii), (x) upon the occurrence of an Enforcement
Event on each date or dates fixed by the Collateral Trustee pursuant to Section 5.7, (y) on any Redemption Date (other than
a Partial Redemption Date, any other Redemption Date relating to a Refinancing, a Special Redemption Date or a Redemption Date occurring
in connection with a mandatory redemption pursuant to Section 9.1) and (z) at Stated Maturity, proceeds in respect of the Assets
on deposit in the Collection Account that are received on or before the related Determination Date and that are transferred to the Payment
Account in accordance with Section 10.2(e) will be applied in the following order of priority (the "Special Priority
of Payments"):

(A) (1) first, to the payment of taxes and governmental fees owing by the Issuer, if any, and (2) second, to the
payment of the accrued and unpaid Administrative Expenses, in the
priority stated in the definition thereof, up to the Administrative Expense Cap (provided that, following the commencement
of any sales of Assets pursuant to Section 5.5(a), the Administrative Expense Cap shall be disregarded);

(B) to the extent not deferred by the Portfolio Manager pursuant to Section 11.1(d) or otherwise waived by the Portfolio
Manager in accordance with Section 11.1(e), to the payment of the Base Management Fee due and payable to the Portfolio Manager
(including any accrued and unpaid interest thereon) and any unpaid Deferred Base Management Fee that has been deferred with respect
to prior Payment Dates which the Portfolio Manager elects to have paid on such Payment Date pursuant to Section 11.1(d); provided that, amounts
paid as any Deferred Base Management Fee pursuant to this clause (B) may not exceed the Deferred Base Management Fee Cap; provided further that any accrued
and unpaid interest pursuant to this clause (B) shall be paid solely to the extent that, after giving effect on a pro forma basis
to such payment, sufficient Interest Proceeds remain to pay in full (after taking into account any Deferred Base Management Fee that the
Portfolio Manager elects to have paid on such Payment Date) all amounts due under clauses (C) through (K) below;

(C) to the payment, pari passu and pro rata of accrued and unpaid interest (including any defaulted interest) on the Class A-1
Notes, the Class A-1L Loans and Class A-1W Loans;

(D) to the payment, pari passu and pro rata of principal of the Class A- 1 Notes, the Class A-1L Loans and Class A-1W
Loans;

(E) to the payment, pari passu and pro rata of accrued and unpaid interest (including any defaulted interest) on the Class A-2
Notes and the Class A-2L Loans;

(F) to the payment, pari passu and pro rata of principal of the Class A- 2 Notes and the Class A-2L Loans;

(G) to the payment of accrued and unpaid interest (including any defaulted interest) on the Class B Notes;

(H) to the payment of principal of the Class B Notes;

(I) to the payment of accrued and unpaid interest (excluding Deferred Interest, but including interest on Deferred Interest) on the Class C
Notes;

(J) to the payment of Deferred Interest on the Class C Notes;

238

(K) to the payment of principal of the Class C Notes;

(L) to the extent not deferred by the Portfolio Manager pursuant to Section 11.1(d) or otherwise waived by the Portfolio Manager
in accordance with Section 11.1(e), to the payment of the Subordinated Management Fee due and payable (including any accrued and
unpaid interest thereon) to the Portfolio Manager and any unpaid Deferred Subordinated Management Fee that has been deferred with respect
to prior Payment Dates which the Portfolio Manager elects to have paid on such Payment Date pursuant to Section 11.1(d);

(M) to the payment of (1) first, (in the same manner and order of priority stated in the definition thereof) any Administrative
Expenses not paid pursuant to clause (A)(2) above due to the limitation contained therein and (2) second, any Deferred
Base Management Fee not paid pursuant to clause (B) above due to the limitations contained therein; and

(N) any remaining Interest Proceeds and Principal Proceeds shall be paid to the holders of the Interests as directed by the Issuer in
accordance with the Issuer LLCA.

(b) If on any Payment Date the amount available in the Payment Account is insufficient to make the full amount of the disbursements required
by the Distribution Report, the Collateral Trustee shall make the disbursements called for in the order and according to the priority
set forth under Section 11.1(a) above, subject to Section 13.1, to the extent funds are available therefor.

(c) In connection with the application of funds to pay Administrative Expenses of the Issuer in accordance with Section 11.1(a)(i),
Section 11.1(a)(ii) and Section 11.1(a)(iii), the Collateral Trustee shall remit such funds, to the extent available, as
directed and designated in an Issuer Order (which may be in the form of standing instructions, and standing instructions are hereby provided
to pay Administrative Expenses in such amounts and to such entities as indicated in the Distribution Report in respect of such Payment
Date) delivered to the Collateral Trustee no later than the Business Day prior to each Payment Date; provided that, such
direction and designation by Issuer Order shall not be necessary for, and shall be subject to, the payment of amounts pursuant to, and
in the priority stated in, the definition of Administrative Expenses.

239

(d) The Portfolio Manager may, in its sole discretion, elect to defer payment of all or a portion of the
Base Management Fee or the Subordinated Management Fee (other than any Waived Management Fees) on any Payment Date by providing
notice to the Collateral Trustee, the Collateral Administrator and the Issuer of such election on or before the Determination Date
preceding such Payment Date which notice shall specify the amount to be deferred. On any Payment Date following a Payment Date on
which the Portfolio Manager has elected to defer all or a portion of the Base Management Fee or the Subordinated Management Fee, the
Portfolio Manager may elect to receive all or a portion of the applicable Deferred Management Fee that has otherwise not been paid
to the Portfolio Manager by providing notice to the Collateral Trustee and the Collateral Administrator of such election on or
before the related Determination Date, which notice shall specify the amount of such Deferred Management Fee that the Portfolio Manager elects to receive on such Payment
Date. Accrued and unpaid Base Management Fees or Subordinated Management Fees deferred at the election of the Portfolio Manager shall
be deferred without interest. For the avoidance of doubt, accrued and unpaid Base Management Fees or Subordinated Management Fees that
are deferred as a result of insufficient funds (other than any Waived Management Fees) in accordance with the Priority of Payments shall
bear interest at the Reference Rate (calculated in the same manner as the Reference Rate in respect of the Debt) plus 0.30% per
annum.

(e) The Portfolio Manager may, in its sole discretion, by written notice to the Collateral Trustee and the Collateral Administrator delivered
not later than the related Determination Date, elect to irrevocably waive payment of or distribution in respect of all or any portion
of the Base Management Fee and/or the Subordinated Management Fee (including any Deferred Management Fees and any accrued and unpaid interest
thereon, if applicable) otherwise payable or distributable and available to be paid or distributed to it on any Payment Date in accordance
with the Priority of Payments (the "Waived Management Fee"). Any such Waived Management Fee shall not thereafter become
due and payable and any claim of the Portfolio Manager therein shall be extinguished.

(f) Not less than eight Business Days preceding each Payment Date, the Portfolio Manager shall certify to the Collateral Trustee (which
may be a standing certification) the amount described in clause (i)(b) of the definition of Dissolution Expenses. If the distributions
to be made pursuant to this Section 11.1 on any Payment Date would cause the Aggregate Principal Balance of the remaining Collateral
Obligations immediately following such Payment Date (excluding Defaulted Obligations, Equity Securities and Illiquid Assets) to be less
than the amount of Dissolution Expenses (as determined by the Collateral Trustee based on such certification by the Portfolio Manager),
the Collateral Trustee will provide written notice thereof to the Issuer at least five Business Days before such Payment Date.

(g) Any amounts to be paid to the Issuer pursuant to the terms hereof shall be paid by the Collateral Trustee or Paying Agent directly
to an account of the Issuer designated in writing by the Issuer (which account shall initially be as set forth on Exhibit E
hereto, as the same may be amended from time to time).

(h) Any amounts to be paid to the holders of Interests pursuant to the terms hereof, shall be paid by the Collateral Trustee or Paying
Agent directly to an account or accounts designated in writing by the Issuer or the Portfolio Manager on behalf of the Issuer, which designation
shall be provided to the Collateral Trustee and shall include the wiring instructions and
the percentage of each distribution to be distributed to each applicable account, which designation may be updated from time to time by
the Issuer or the Portfolio Manager on behalf of the Issuer. Such designation shall be deemed a direction and the Collateral Trustee and
Paying Agent shall be entitled to conclusively rely on such direction until receipt of a subsequent direction.

240

ARTICLE XII

SALE OF COLLATERAL OBLIGATIONS; PURCHASE OF ADDITIONAL
COLLATERAL OBLIGATIONS

Section 12.1. Sales of Collateral Obligations

Subject to the satisfaction of the
conditions specified in Section 12.3 and, notwithstanding any acceleration of the Maturity of the Debt, unless the Collateral Trustee
has commenced exercising remedies pursuant to Section 5.4, the Portfolio Manager on behalf of the Issuer may, but will not be required
to (except as otherwise specified in this Section 12.1), direct the Collateral Trustee to sell or otherwise dispose of, and the Collateral
Trustee shall sell or otherwise dispose of, on behalf of the Issuer in the manner directed by the Portfolio Manager pursuant to this Section 12.1,
any Collateral Obligation, Restructured Loan, Workout Security or Equity Security, if, as certified by the Portfolio Manager (which certification
shall be deemed to be provided upon delivery of an Issuer Order or trade confirmation in respect of such sale or disposition), to the
best of its knowledge, such sale or other disposition meets the requirements of any one of Sections 12.1(a) through (i) (subject
in each case to any applicable requirement of disposition under Section 12.1(h)). For purposes of this Section 12.1, the Sale
Proceeds of a Collateral Obligation sold by the Issuer shall include any Principal Financed Accrued Interest received in respect of such
sale or other disposition.

(a) Credit Risk Obligations. The Portfolio Manager may direct the Collateral Trustee to sell or otherwise dispose of any Credit
Risk Obligation at any time without restriction.

(b) Credit Improved Obligations. The Portfolio Manager may direct the Collateral Trustee to sell or otherwise dispose of any Credit
Improved Obligation at any time without restriction.

(c) Defaulted Obligations; Restructured Loans. The Portfolio Manager may direct the Collateral Trustee to sell or otherwise dispose
of any Defaulted Obligation, Restructured Loan or any other asset received by the Issuer in a workout, restructuring or similar transaction
at any time without restriction. The Portfolio Manager may direct the Collateral Trustee to consummate an Exchange Transaction at any
time without restriction.

(d) Equity Securities. The Portfolio Manager may direct the Collateral Trustee to sell or otherwise dispose of any Equity Security
or Workout Security at any time without restriction.

241

(e) Optional Redemption. After the Issuer has notified the Collateral Trustee of an Optional Redemption of the Debt in accordance
with Section 9.2, the Portfolio Manager shall, if necessary to effect the Optional Redemption, direct the Collateral Trustee to sell
or otherwise dispose of (which disposition may be through participation or other arrangement) all or a portion of the Collateral Obligations
if the requirements of Article IX are satisfied. If any such disposition is made through participations, the Issuer shall use reasonable
efforts to cause such participations to be converted to assignments within six months after the disposition.

(f) Tax Redemption. After a Majority of an Affected Class has directed (by a written direction delivered to the Collateral
Trustee) a Tax Redemption and all of the requirements of Article IX are satisfied, the Issuer (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf)
shall, if necessary to effect the Tax Redemption, direct the Collateral Trustee to sell or otherwise dispose of (which disposition may
be through participation or other arrangement) all or a portion of the Collateral Obligations. If any such disposition is made through
participations, the Issuer shall use reasonable efforts to cause such participations to be converted to assignments within six months
after the disposition.

(g) Discretionary Sales. The Portfolio Manager may direct the Collateral Trustee to sell or otherwise dispose of any Collateral
Obligation at any time other than during a Restricted Trading Period if: (i) after giving effect to such disposition, the Aggregate
Principal Balance of all Collateral Obligations disposed of as described in this Section 12.1(g) during the preceding period
of 12 calendar months is not greater than 30% of the Collateral Principal Amount (measured as of the first day of such 12-calendar month
period or, for the first 12 calendar months after the Effective Date, during the period commencing on the Effective Date, as the case
may be, it being understood that no such limitation shall apply at any time prior to the Effective Date); provided that, for purposes
of determining the percentage of Collateral Obligations disposed of during any such period, the amount of any Collateral Obligations disposed
of shall be reduced to the extent of any purchases (or irrevocable commitments to purchase) of Collateral Obligations with the intention
of purchasing another obligation of the same Obligor and either (x) such obligation would be pari passu or senior to such
sold Collateral Obligation or (y) such subsequent purchase occurs within 45 Business Days of such sale and (ii) either:

(A) at any time (I) the proceeds from such sale are at least sufficient to maintain or improve the Adjusted Collateral Principal
Amount (as measured before such sale), or (II) after giving effect to such sale, the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Collateral
Obligations (excluding the Collateral Obligations being disposed of but including, without duplication, the anticipated net proceeds of
such disposition) plus, the amounts on deposit in the Collection Account and the Ramp-Up Account (including Eligible Investments
therein) representing Principal Proceeds will be (x) maintained or increased or (y) equal to or greater than the Reinvestment Target
Par Balance; or

242

(B) during the Reinvestment Period, the Portfolio Manager reasonably believes prior to such sale that it will be able to enter into binding
commitments to reinvest all or a portion of the proceeds of such disposition in one or more additional Collateral Obligations in compliance
with the Investment Criteria.

(h) Mandatory Sales. The Portfolio Manager on behalf of the Issuer shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to effect the
sale or other disposition of any Collateral Obligation that constitutes Margin Stock (unless such disposition is prohibited by applicable
law or an applicable contractual restriction) within 45 days after the failure of such Collateral Obligation to meet such criteria.

(i) Unrestricted Sales. If the Aggregate Principal Balance of the Collateral Obligations is less than U.S.$10,000,000, the Portfolio
Manager may direct the Collateral Trustee to sell the Collateral Obligations without regard to the foregoing limitations.

(j) Clean-Up Call Redemption. Notwithstanding the restrictions of Section 12.1(a), after the Portfolio Manager has notified
the Issuer and the Collateral Trustee of a Clean-Up Call Redemption, the Portfolio Manager may at any time direct the Collateral Trustee
to sell (and upon receipt of the certification from the Portfolio Manager required by Section 9.7(b) the Collateral Trustee
shall sell in the manner specified) for settlement in immediately available funds any Collateral Obligation; provided that,
the Sale Proceeds therefrom are used for the purposes specified in Section 9.7 (and applied pursuant to the Priority of Payments).

(k) Stated Maturity. Notwithstanding the restrictions of Section 12.1, the Portfolio Manager shall, no later than the Determination
Date for the earliest Stated Maturity, on behalf of the Issuer, direct the Collateral Trustee to sell (and the Collateral Trustee shall
sell in the manner specified) for settlement in immediately available funds any Collateral Obligations scheduled to mature after such
Stated Maturity of the Debt and cause the distribution of any proceeds thereof to the Issuer.

(l) Unsalable Assets. After the Reinvestment Period

(i) (A) At the direction and discretion of the Portfolio Manager, the Collateral Trustee, at the expense of the Issuer, may
conduct an auction of Unsalable Assets in accordance with the procedures described in clause (ii) below or (B) receive or
deliver such Unsalable Assets to the Portfolio Manager or one or more related entities thereof, at the respective Market Value of
such Unsalable Asset, if the Portfolio Manager determines in its sole discretion (not to be called into question as a result of
subsequent events) that an auction of such Unsalable Assets pursuant to clause (A) above would increase costs to the Issuer on a net basis after taking
into account expected proceeds from such auction.

243

(ii) Promptly after receipt of such direction, the Collateral Trustee shall provide notice (in such form as is prepared by the Portfolio
Manager) to the Holders (and the Rating Agency) of an auction, setting forth in reasonable detail a description of each Unsalable Asset
and the following auction procedures:

(A) any Holder of Debt may submit a written bid to purchase one or more Unsalable Assets no later than the date specified in the auction
notice (which shall be at least fifteen (15) Business Days after the date of such notice);

(B) each bid must include an offer to purchase for a specified amount of Cash on a proposed settlement date no later than twenty (20)
Business Days after the date of the auction notice;

(C) if no Holder submits such a bid, unless delivery in kind is not legally or commercially practicable, the Collateral Trustee shall
provide notice thereof to each Holder and offer to deliver (at no cost to the Holders or the Collateral Trustee) a pro rata portion
of each unsold Unsalable Asset to the Holders of the most senior Class that provide delivery instructions to the Collateral Trustee
on or before the date specified in such notice, subject to any transfer restrictions (including minimum denominations). To the extent
that minimum denominations do not permit a pro rata distribution, the Portfolio Manager shall identify and the Collateral Trustee
shall distribute the Unsalable Assets on a pro rata basis to the extent possible and the Portfolio Manager shall select by lottery
the Holder to whom the remaining amount shall be delivered. The Collateral Trustee shall use commercially reasonable efforts to effect
delivery of such interests. For the avoidance of doubt, any such delivery to the Holders of Debt shall not operate to reduce the principal
amount of the related Class of Debt held by such Holders; and

(D) if no such Holder provides delivery instructions to the Collateral Trustee, the Collateral Trustee shall promptly notify the Portfolio
Manager and offer to deliver (at no cost to the Collateral Trustee) the Unsalable Asset to the Portfolio Manager. If the Portfolio Manager
declines such offer, the Collateral Trustee shall take such action as directed by the Portfolio Manager (on behalf of the Issuer) to dispose
of the Unsalable Asset, which may be by donation to a charity, abandonment or other means.

244

Section 12.2. Purchase of Additional Collateral
Obligations

On any date during the Reinvestment
Period, the Portfolio Manager on behalf of the Issuer may, subject to the other requirements in this Indenture and certain limitations
specified in Section 12.2(a), but will not be required to, direct the Collateral Trustee to invest Principal Proceeds, proceeds of
additional notes issued pursuant to Sections 2.13 and 3.2, amounts on deposit in the Ramp-Up Account and Principal Financed Accrued Interest,
and the Collateral Trustee shall invest such Principal Proceeds and other amounts in accordance with such direction.

(a) Investment Criteria. No obligation may be purchased by the Issuer unless the Portfolio Manager reasonably believes that the
following conditions (the "Investment Criteria") are satisfied on a pro forma basis as of the date the Portfolio Manager commits
on behalf of the Issuer to make such purchase, in each case as determined by the Portfolio Manager after giving effect to the settlement
of such purchase and all other sales (or other dispositions) or purchases previously or simultaneously committed to; provided that, the
conditions set forth in clauses (x)(B), (C) and (D) below need only be satisfied with respect to purchases of Collateral Obligations
occurring on or after the Effective Date:

(x) During the Reinvestment Period:

(A) such obligation is a Collateral Obligation;

(B) if the commitment to make such purchase occurs on or after the Effective Date (or, in the case of the Interest Coverage Tests, on
or after the Determination Date occurring immediately prior to the second Payment Date), each Coverage Test will be satisfied, or if not
satisfied, such Coverage Test will be maintained or improved; provided that, if any Overcollateralization Ratio Test is not satisfied,
Principal Proceeds received in respect of any Defaulted Obligation or the proceeds of any sale of a Defaulted Obligation will not be reinvested
in additional Collateral Obligations until such time as each Overcollateralization Ratio Test is satisfied;

245

(C) (1) in the case of an additional Collateral Obligation purchased with the proceeds from the sale or other disposition of a Credit
Risk Obligation or a Defaulted Obligation, either (a) the Aggregate Principal Balance of all additional Collateral Obligations purchased
with the proceeds from such disposition will at least equal the Sale
Proceeds from such disposition, (b) the Aggregate Principal Balance of the Collateral Obligations will be maintained or increased
(when compared to the Aggregate Principal Balance of the Collateral Obligations immediately prior to such disposition), (c) the Aggregate
Principal Balance of all Collateral Obligations (excluding the Collateral Obligation being sold but including, without duplication, the
Collateral Obligation being purchased and the anticipated Cash proceeds, if any, of such disposition that are not applied to the purchase
of such additional Collateral Obligation) plus, without duplication, the amounts on deposit in the Collection Account and the Ramp-Up Account (including
Eligible Investments therein) representing Principal Proceeds, will be equal to or greater than the Reinvestment Target Par Balance or
(d) the Adjusted Collateral Principal Amount, as measured both before such sale or receipt of such proceeds, as applicable, and after
giving effect to the reinvestment, will be maintained or increased and (2) in the case of any other purchase of additional Collateral
Obligations purchased with the proceeds from the sale or other disposition of a Collateral Obligation, either (a) the Aggregate Principal
Balance of the Collateral Obligations will be maintained or increased (when compared to the Aggregate Principal Balance of the Collateral
Obligations immediately prior to such disposition) or (b) the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Collateral Obligations (excluding
the Collateral Obligation being sold but including, without duplication, the Collateral Obligation being purchased and the anticipated
Cash proceeds, if any, of such disposition that are not applied to the purchase of such additional Collateral Obligation) plus, without
duplication, the amounts on deposit in the Collection Account and the Ramp-Up Account (including Eligible Investments therein) representing
Principal Proceeds, will be (x) maintained or increased or (y) equal to or greater than the Reinvestment Target Par Balance;
and

(D) other than in the case of an Exchange Transaction or a Swapped Defaulted Obligation Transaction, either (1) each requirement
or test, as the case may be, of the Concentration Limitations and the Collateral Quality Test (except, in the case of an additional Collateral
Obligation purchased with the proceeds from the sale or other disposition of a Credit Risk Obligation, a Defaulted Obligation or an Equity
Security, the S&P CDO Monitor Test) will be satisfied or (2) if any such requirement or test was not satisfied immediately prior
to such investment, such requirement or test will be maintained or improved after giving effect to the investment;

provided
that, clauses (B), (C) and (D) above need not be satisfied with respect to one single reinvestment if they
are satisfied on an aggregate basis in connection with a Trading Plan; provided, further, that notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, the Investment Criteria need not be satisfied with respect to the acquisition of any Purchased Defaulted Obligation,
Workout Loan, Restructured Loan, Workout Security, Uptier Priming Debt or any Defaulted Obligation or Equity Security received or acquired
in connection with an insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization, default, workout, restructuring or similar event of or with respect to a
Collateral Obligation or an Obligor thereof (including in connection with an Exchange Transaction).

During the Reinvestment Period,
following the sale or other disposition of any Credit Improved Obligation or any discretionary sale or other discretionary
disposition of a Collateral Obligation, the Portfolio Manager shall use its reasonable efforts to purchase additional Collateral
Obligations within 45 Business Days after such disposition; provided that, any such purchase must comply with the
requirements of this Section 12.2.

246

(y) If
the Issuer has entered into a written trade ticket or other binding commitment to purchase a Collateral Obligation during the Reinvestment
Period, the settlement date for which is not scheduled to occur prior to the end of the Reinvestment Period (each such Collateral Obligation,
a "Post-Reinvestment Period Settlement Obligation"), such Post-Reinvestment Period Settlement Obligation shall be treated
as having been purchased by the Issuer prior to the end of the Reinvestment Period for purposes of the Investment Criteria, and Principal
Proceeds received during or after the end of the Reinvestment Period may be applied to the payment of the purchase price of such Collateral
Obligation. Not later than the Business Day immediately preceding the end of the Reinvestment Period, the Portfolio Manager shall deliver
to the Collateral Trustee a schedule of Post-Reinvestment Period Settlement Obligations, each of which shall be treated as a purchase
made during the Reinvestment Period for purposes of this Section 12.2, and the Portfolio Manager shall certify to the Collateral
Trustee (which certification shall be deemed to be made upon the delivery of such schedule) that sufficient Principal Proceeds are available
(including for this purpose, Cash on deposit in the Collection Account as well as any Principal Proceeds that will be received by the
Issuer from the sale of Collateral Obligations for which the trade date has already occurred but the settlement date has not yet occurred)
to effect the settlement of such Collateral Obligations. The Portfolio Manager agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to settle
the purchase of any Collateral Obligation no later than 45 Business Days after the trade date of such Collateral Obligation.

(b) Investment in Eligible Investments. Cash on deposit in any Account (other than the Payment Account and the Custodial Account)
may be invested at any time in Eligible Investments in accordance with Article X.

247

(c) Other Assets. (i) At any time during or after the Reinvestment Period, at the direction of the Portfolio Manager, the
Issuer may direct the payment from amounts on deposit in the Collection Account to acquire any debt obligation or security, or to exercise a warrant held in
the Assets or right to acquire securities, in each case, in accordance with the requirements of Section 10.2(d) and subject
to the limitations set forth in clauses (e), (f), and (g) of this Section 12.2 below, as
applicable. Any such transaction or exchange described above in this Section 12.2(c) shall not constitute a sale under
this Indenture or be subject to the Investment Criteria.

(ii) Notwithstanding anything in this Indenture to the contrary,
but, for the avoidance of doubt, without limitation on any right of the Portfolio Manager or the Issuer to participate in an Offer in
accordance with this Indenture, the Portfolio Manager may instruct the Collateral Trustee to exchange (A) a Credit Risk Obligation
for any (I) other Credit Risk Obligations and (II) any related Workout Loans, Restructured Loans, Workout Securities and/or
Equity Securities; provided that (x) any Credit Risk Obligation to be received by the Issuer in such exchange
(1) shall not have a lower S&P Rating than the S&P Rating of the Credit Risk Obligation to be exchanged, and (2) shall
have a scheduled maturity that is not later than the scheduled maturity of the exchanged Credit Risk Obligation, (y) such exchange
may only occur if, in the Portfolio Manager's reasonable business judgment (not to be called into question as a result of subsequent events),
at the time of such exchange, any Credit Risk Obligation to be received by the Issuer has a better likelihood of recovery than the Credit
Risk Obligation to be exchanged, and (z) a Credit Risk Obligation may only be exchanged for other Credit Risk Obligations and related
assets in connection with an insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization, debt restructuring or workout; (B) a Defaulted Obligation at
any time for any other Defaulted Obligations, any Credit Risk Obligations and/or any Equity Securities; provided that, such exchange
may only occur if (x) in the Portfolio Manager's reasonable business judgment, at the time of such exchange (not to be called into
question as a result of subsequent events), any Defaulted Obligation, Credit Risk Obligation and related Equity Securities to be received
by the Issuer has a better likelihood of recovery than the Defaulted Obligation to be exchanged, (y) solely in the case of an exchange
of a Defaulted Obligation for any Equity Securities, after giving effect to such exchange, the Adjusted Collateral Principal Amount is
greater than or equal to the Reinvestment Target Par Balance and (z) solely in the case of an exchange of a Defaulted Obligation
for a Defaulted Obligation, the period for which the Issuer held the Defaulted Obligation to be exchanged shall be included for all purposes
herein when determining the period for which the Issuer holds the Defaulted Obligation received on exchange, or (C) an Equity Security
for any other Equity Securities of the related obligor or any parent, subsidiary or affiliate within the same organizational structure,
any Credit Risk Obligations and/or any Defaulted Obligations, in each case, regardless of whether such debt obligation satisfies the definition
of "Collateral Obligation"; provided that, after giving effect to any such exchange pursuant to clause (A), (B) or
(C) above, in each case, (i) each Overcollateralization Ratio Test must be satisfied and (ii) as determined by the Portfolio
Manager, both prior to and after giving effect to such exchange, (1) not more than 5.0% of the Collateral Principal Amount consists
of obligations received in an Exchange Transaction (in the aggregate) and (2) the aggregate principal balance of the obligations
acquired in connection with an Exchange Transaction (in the aggregate) since the Closing Date measured cumulatively is not more than 10.0%
of the Target Initial Par Amount (any such transaction described in this Section 12.2(c)(ii), an "Exchange Transaction").
For the avoidance of doubt, Defaulted Obligations and Credit Risk Obligations exchanged by the Issuer in connection with an Exchange Transaction
shall not be exchanged solely for Equity Securities and, in connection with an Exchange Transaction pursuant to Section 12.2(c)(ii)(A) or
(B) above, any Equity Securities received in connection with such Exchange Transaction must be in addition to any Defaulted Obligations
or Credit Risk Obligations received in connection therewith,
as the case may be.

248

(d) Maturity Amendment. At any time, the Issuer (or the Portfolio Manager on the Issuer's behalf)
may not affirmatively vote in favor of a Maturity Amendment unless, as determined by the Portfolio Manager, (i) either
(A) the Weighted Average Life Test will be satisfied after giving effect to such Maturity Amendment or (B) if the Weighted
Average Life Test was not satisfied immediately prior to giving effect to such Maturity Amendment, the level of compliance with the
Weighted Average Life Test will be improved or maintained after giving effect to such Maturity Amendment, in either case after
giving effect to any Trading Plan in effect during the applicable Trading Plan Period and (ii) after giving effect to such
Maturity Amendment, the stated maturity of the Collateral Obligation that is the subject of such Maturity Amendment is not later
than two years beyond the earliest Stated Maturity of the Debt; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing
requirements, clause (i) and (ii) above (1) are not required to be satisfied if the Issuer (or the Portfolio Manager
on behalf of the Issuer) did not affirmatively vote in favor of such Maturity Amendment, (2) shall not apply to any Credit
Amendment if, immediately after giving effect to such Credit Amendment, the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Collateral
Obligations subject to a Credit Amendment with the affirmative vote of the Issuer (or the Portfolio Manager on the Issuer's behalf) (I) at any time will not exceed
5.0% of the Target Initial Par Amount and (II) measured cumulatively since the Closing Date does not exceed 10.0% of the Target Initial
Par Amount and (3) the Aggregate Principal Balance of Collateral Obligations which have been subject to Maturity Amendments which
extended the stated maturity thereof beyond the earliest of the Stated Maturity of the Debt shall not exceed 10% of the Target Initial
Par Amount. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer (or the Portfolio Manager on behalf of the Issuer) may vote in favor of any Maturity
Amendment without regard to clauses (i) and (ii) above, if either (x) the Portfolio Manager intends to use reasonable efforts
to sell the applicable Collateral Obligation within thirty (30) Business Days after the effective date of such
Maturity Amendment and reasonably believes that the trade date with respect to any such sale will occur prior to the end of such thirty
(30) Business Day period (provided that, any Collateral Obligation in respect of which the Issuer (or the Portfolio Manager on
behalf of the Issuer) voted in favor of the Maturity Amendment in reliance on this clause (x) that is not sold within such thirty
(30) Business Day period will be treated hereunder as a Long-Dated Obligation) or (y) the Portfolio Manager or the Issuer receives
notice from the trustee or agent for such Collateral Obligation that the requisite lenders or debtholders have consented (or are expected
to consent) to such Maturity Amendment and a fee, additional interest or other consideration will be paid, or materially advantageous
terms will be offered, by the obligor only to the consenting lenders or debtholders.

249

(e) Equity Securities. The Issuer shall not exercise any warrant or other similar right received in connection with a workout or
a restructuring of a Collateral Obligation that requires a payment that results in receipt of an Equity Security unless the Portfolio
Manager on the Issuer's behalf certifies to the Collateral Trustee that (i) in its reasonable business judgment,
the anticipated Sale Proceeds from the sale of the Equity Security received in connection with the exercise of such warrant shall at least
equal the amount of proceeds used to exercise such warrant and (ii) solely Interest Proceeds (as long as sufficient Interest Proceeds
will remain on the next Payment Date to pay interest due and payable on the Debt) or Contributions shall be used. Such certification shall
be deemed to have been made by the delivery to the Collateral Trustee of an issuer order or trade confirmation related to the exercise
of the warrant or other similar right. Subject to the foregoing requirements in this paragraph, the Issuer may make a payment (including
Interest Proceeds (as long as sufficient Interest Proceeds will remain on the next Payment Date to pay interest due and payable on the
Debt) or Contributions) in order to exercise any warrant or other similar right received in connection with a workout, a restructuring
or a similar procedure in respect of a Collateral Obligation that results in receipt of a Workout Security. The Issuer may use Interest
Proceeds (as long as sufficient Interest Proceeds will remain on the next Payment Date to pay interest due and payable on the Debt) or
Contributions to purchase Equity Securities issued or acquired in connection with the insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization, default,
restructuring, workout or similar event of or with respect to a Collateral Obligation or the Obligor thereof.

(f) Restructured Loans. The Portfolio Manager on behalf of the Issuer may direct the Collateral Trustee to withdraw (i) during
the Reinvestment Period, Principal Proceeds up to the Excess Par Amount (as long as the Workout Test will be satisfied) and (ii) Interest
Proceeds without limitation (as long as sufficient Interest Proceeds will remain on the next Payment Date to pay interest due and payable
on the Debt) from the Collection Account on any Business Day during any Interest Accrual Period to acquire (including by exercise of a
warrant) Restructured Loans, in each case if the Portfolio Manager reasonably believes (not to be called into question as a result of
subsequent events) that making such investment will (i) prevent bankruptcy or insolvency of the related Obligor, (ii) minimize
material losses in connection with the related Collateral Obligation or (iii) otherwise improve recovery prospects with respect to
the related Obligor or Collateral Obligation. Additionally, at any time during or after the Reinvestment Period, at the direction of the
Portfolio Manager, the Issuer may direct the payment from amounts on deposit in the Contribution Account to acquire any Restructured Loan.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (x) the acquisition of Restructured Loans shall not be required to satisfy any of
the Investment Criteria and (y) Restructured Assets shall not be considered to be Collateral Obligations.

(g) Purchases of Workout Loans. Notwithstanding any other requirement set forth in this
Indenture, Principal Proceeds may be invested in Workout Loans during the Reinvestment Period; provided that with respect to
the use of Principal Proceeds (including to exercise a warrant), the Workout Test is satisfied; provided further the
aggregate amount of Principal Proceeds applied to purchase Workout Loans, measured cumulatively from the Closing Date onward, may
not exceed 5.0% of the Target Initial Par Amount. Interest Proceeds may be invested in Workout Loans without limitation (as long as
(x) each Interest Coverage Test will be satisfied after giving effect to such application and
(y) sufficient Interest Proceeds will remain on the next Payment Date to pay interest due and payable on the Debt). Additionally,
at any time during or after the Reinvestment Period, at the direction of the Portfolio Manager, the Issuer may direct the payment from
amounts on deposit in the Contribution Account to acquire any Workout Loans. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (x) if
a Workout Loan does not meet the definition of "Collateral Obligation", it will be treated as a Defaulted Obligation until it
subsequently meets the definition of "Collateral Obligation" and (y) the acquisition of Workout Loans shall not be required
to satisfy any of the Investment Criteria.

250

Subject to the foregoing restrictions,
the Issuer shall be permitted to utilize Interest Proceeds, Principal Proceeds and any Contributions permitted to be used therefor in
connection with the above if the Portfolio Manager reasonably expects that doing so will result in better overall recovery on the related
Collateral Obligation, or that failing to do so, would likely preclude, or otherwise limit, the prospects of an overall better recovery
on the related Collateral Obligation (in each case, in the Portfolio Manager's commercially reasonable judgment, which judgment shall
not be called into question by subsequent events or any determinations made by the Portfolio Manager for its other clients or investment
vehicles managed by the Portfolio Manager).

Section 12.3. Conditions Applicable to All Sale
and Purchase Transactions

(a) Any transaction effected under this Article XII or Section 10.6 shall be conducted on an arm's length basis and, if effected
with a Person Affiliated with the Portfolio Manager (or with an account or portfolio for which the Portfolio Manager or any of its Affiliates
serves as investment adviser), shall be effected in accordance with the requirements of the Portfolio Management Agreement on terms no
less favorable to the Issuer than would be the case if such Person were not so Affiliated; provided that, in the case of
any Collateral Obligation sold or otherwise transferred to a Person so Affiliated, the Portfolio Manager shall either obtain (x) bids
for such Collateral Obligation from three unaffiliated loan market participants (or, if the Portfolio Manager is unable to obtain bids
from three such participants, then such lesser number of unaffiliated loan market participants from which the Portfolio Manager can obtain
bids using efforts consistent with the Portfolio Manager Standard), or (y) if the Portfolio Manager is unable to obtain any bids
for such Collateral Obligation from an unaffiliated loan market participant, a Valuation of the Collateral Obligation (the highest bid
provided by an unaffiliated loan market participant described in clause (x) or the fair market value established by the Valuation
described in clause (y), the "Applicable Qualified Valuation"), and such Affiliate shall acquire such Collateral Obligation
for a price equal to the price established by such Applicable Qualified Valuation; provided further that an aggregate amount of
Collateral Obligations not exceeding 15% of the Net Purchased Loan Balance may be sold or otherwise transferred to the Transferor pursuant
hereto at a price greater than the Applicable Qualified Valuation, but no greater than the Transfer Deposit Amount with respect to such
Collateral Obligation (and to the extent the Transfer Deposit Amount in respect of such Collateral Obligation exceeds the fair market
value thereof, such excess shall be deemed to be a capital contribution from the Transferor to the Issuer); provided, further,
that the Collateral Trustee shall have no responsibility to oversee compliance with this clause (a) by the other parties.

251

(b) Upon any acquisition of a Collateral Obligation pursuant to this Article XII, all of the Issuer's right, title and interest to
the Asset or Assets shall be Assets Granted to the Collateral Trustee pursuant to this Indenture and shall be Delivered to the Collateral
Trustee. The Collateral Trustee shall also receive, not later than the related Cut-Off Date, an Issuer Order certifying compliance with
the provisions of this Article XII; provided that, such requirement shall be satisfied and such statements shall be
deemed to have been made by the Issuer in respect of such acquisition by the delivery to the Collateral Trustee of a trade ticket or an
Issuer Order in respect thereof.

(c) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Article XII to the contrary and without limiting the right to make any other permitted
purchases, sales or other dispositions, the Issuer shall have the right to effect any sale or other disposition of any Asset or purchase
of any Collateral Obligation (provided, that in the case of a purchase of a Collateral Obligation, such purchase complies with
the applicable requirements of the Portfolio Management Agreement) and the Transferor shall have the right to exercise any optional purchase
or substitution right (x) with the consent of the Holders evidencing at least 75% of the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of each Class of
Debt and (y) of which the Rating Agency and the Collateral Trustee (with a copy to the Portfolio Manager) have been notified.

Section 12.4. Swapped Defaulted Obligation Transactions

(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in Section 12.2, prior to the end of the Reinvestment Period, a Defaulted
Obligation (a "Purchased Defaulted Obligation") may be purchased with all or a portion of the Sale Proceeds of another
Defaulted Obligation (an "Exchanged Defaulted Obligation") (each such exchange referred to as an "Swapped Defaulted
Obligation Transaction"), if:

(i) when compared to the Exchanged Defaulted Obligation, the Purchased Defaulted Obligation (A) is issued by a different Obligor,
(B) but for the fact that such debt obligation is a Defaulted Obligation, such Purchased Defaulted Obligation would otherwise qualify
as a Collateral Obligation and (C) the expected recovery rate of such Purchased Defaulted Obligation, as determined by the Portfolio
Manager in good faith, is no less than the expected recovery rate of the Exchanged Defaulted Obligation;

(ii) at the time of the purchase, (i) the Purchased Defaulted Obligation is no less senior in right of payment vis--vis
its related Obligor's outstanding indebtedness than the seniority of the Exchanged Defaulted Obligation and (ii) the S&P Rating, if any,
of the Purchased Defaulted Obligation is the same or better respective rating (as applicable), if any,
of the Exchanged Defaulted Obligation;

252

(iii) after giving effect to the purchase, (i) each of the Coverage Tests is satisfied and (ii) the Collateral Principal Amount
shall be maintained or improved;

(iv) after giving effect to such purchase, the Concentration Limitations will be satisfied or, if any Concentration Limitation was not
satisfied prior to such purchase, such Concentration Limitation will be maintained or improved;

(v) the period for which the Issuer held the Exchanged Defaulted Obligation will be included for all purposes in this Indenture when determining
the period for which the Issuer holds the Purchased Defaulted Obligation;

(vi) the Exchanged Defaulted Obligation was not previously a Purchased Defaulted Obligation acquired in a transaction pursuant to this
Section 12.4; and

(vii) the Restricted Trading Period is not in effect; and

(viii) such purchase of the Purchased Defaulted Obligation will not, when taken together with all other Purchased Defaulted Obligations then
held by the Issuer, cause the Aggregate Principal Balance of all of Purchased Defaulted Obligations purchased pursuant to a Swapped Defaulted
Obligation Transaction, measured cumulatively since the Closing Date, to exceed 10.0% of the Target Initial Par Amount.

For the avoidance of doubt, Swapped
Defaulted Obligation Transactions may occur by separate purchase and sale transactions. If, at any time, a Purchased Defaulted Obligation
no longer satisfies the definition of Defaulted Obligation, it shall no longer be considered a Purchased Defaulted Obligation.

Section 12.5. Optional Repurchase or Substitution
of Collateral Obligations.

(a) Optional Substitutions.

(i) With respect to any Collateral Obligation as to which a Substitution Event has occurred, subject to the limitations set forth in this
Section 12.5, the Transferor may (but shall not be obligated to), with the consent of the Portfolio Manager (so long as FS KKR Capital
Corp. is the Portfolio Manager) either (x) convey to the Issuer one or more Collateral Obligations in exchange for such Collateral
Obligation or (y) deposit into the Pending Transfer Deposit Amount Collection Account the Transfer Deposit Amount with respect to
such Collateral Obligation and then, prior to the expiration of the Substitution Period, convey to the Issuer one or more Collateral Obligations
in exchange for the funds so deposited or a portion thereof.

253

(ii) Any substitution pursuant to this Section 12.5(a) shall be initiated by delivery of written notice in the form of Exhibit G
hereto (a "Notice of Substitution") by the Transferor to the Collateral Trustee, the Issuer and the Portfolio Manager
that the Transferor intends to substitute a Collateral Obligation pursuant to this Section 12.5(a) and shall be completed prior
to the earliest of: (x) the expiration of 90 days after delivery of such notice; (y) delivery of written notice to the Collateral
Trustee, the Issuer and the Portfolio Manager from the Transferor stating that the Transferor does not intend to convey any additional
Substitute Collateral Obligations to the Issuer in exchange for any remaining amounts deposited in the Pending Transfer Deposit Amount
Collection Account under clause (a)(i)(y); or (z) in the case of a Collateral Obligation which has become subject to a Specified
Amendment, the effective date set forth in such Specified Amendment (such period described in clause (ii)(x), (y) or (z), as applicable,
being the "Substitution Period").

(iii) Each Notice of Substitution shall specify the Collateral Obligation to be substituted, the reasons for such substitution and the Transfer
Deposit Amount with respect to the Collateral Obligation. On the last day of any Substitution Period, any amounts previously deposited
in accordance with clause (a)(i)(y) above which relate to such Substitution Period that have not been applied to purchase one or
more Substitute Collateral Obligations or to fund the Revolver Funding Account if necessary shall, at the direction of the Portfolio Manager,
be deemed to constitute Principal Proceeds and such amounts shall be transferred from the Pending Transfer Deposit Amount Collection Account
to the Principal Collection Account; provided that prior to the expiration of the related Substitution Period any such amounts
shall not be deemed to be Principal Proceeds and shall remain in the Pending Transfer Deposit Amount Collection Account until applied
to acquire Substitute Collateral Obligations or to fund the Revolver Funding Account if necessary (which amounts shall be identified by
the Portfolio Manager to the Collateral Trustee). To the extent any cash or other property received by the Issuer from the Transferor
in connection with a Substitution Event pursuant to this Section 12.5 exceeds the fair market value of the replaced Collateral Obligation,
such excess shall be deemed a capital contribution from the Transferor to the Issuer.

(iv) The substitution of any Substitute Collateral Obligation will be subject to the satisfaction of the Substitute Collateral Obligations
Qualification Conditions as of the related Cut-Off Date for each such Collateral Obligation (after giving effect to such substitution).
Upon satisfaction of such conditions, the Portfolio Manager shall instruct the Issuer and the Collateral Trustee in effecting such substitution,
including the release of any Transfer Deposit Amounts in connection therewith.

(v) Prior to any substitution of a Collateral Obligation, the Portfolio Manager must provide written notice thereof to the Rating Agency.

254

(b) Repurchases. In addition to the right to substitute for any Collateral Obligations that become subject to a Substitution Event,
the Transferor shall have the right, but not the obligation, to repurchase from the Issuer any such Collateral Obligation subject to the
Repurchase and Substitution Limit. In the event of such a repurchase, the Transferor shall deposit in the Collection Account an amount
equal to the Transfer Deposit Amount for such Collateral Obligation (or applicable portion thereof) as of the date of such repurchase
(with the portion of the Transfer Deposit Amount representing the outstanding principal balance of the repurchased Collateral Obligation
being deposited into the Principal Collection Account and the portion of the Transfer Deposit Amount representing accrued interest being
deposited into the Interest Collection Account, regardless of whether such amounts are deemed to be capital contributions). The Issuer
and, at the written direction of the Issuer, the Collateral Trustee shall execute and deliver such instruments, consents or other documents
and perform all acts reasonably requested by the Transferor or by the Portfolio Manager in order to effect the transfer and release of
any of the Issuer's interests in the Collateral Obligations (together with the Assets related thereto) that are being repurchased and
the release thereof from the lien of this Indenture. To the extent any cash or other property received by the Issuer from the Transferor
in connection with such a repurchase exceeds the fair market value of the repurchased Collateral Obligation, such excess shall be deemed
a capital contribution from the Transferor to the Issuer.

(c) Repurchase and Substitution Limit. At all times, (i) the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Substitute Collateral Obligations
owned by the Issuer at any time since the Closing Date plus (ii) the Aggregate Principal Balance related to all Collateral Obligations
that have been repurchased by the Transferor pursuant to its right of optional repurchase or substitution since the Closing Date and not
subsequently applied to purchase a Substitute Collateral Obligation may not exceed an amount equal to (x) 20% of the Net Purchased
Loan Balance in the aggregate and (y) 10% of the Net Purchased Loan Balance in the case of Defaulted Obligations or Credit Risk Obligations
repurchased following a determination by the Portfolio Manager that such Collateral Obligation would with the passage of time become a
Defaulted Obligation; provided that clause (ii) above shall not include (A) the Principal Balance related to any Collateral
Obligation that is repurchased by the Transferor in connection with a proposed Specified Amendment to such Collateral Obligation so long
as (x) the Transferor certifies in writing to the Portfolio Manager and the Collateral Trustee that such purchase is, in the commercially
reasonable business judgment of the Transferor, necessary or advisable in connection with the restructuring of such Collateral Obligation
and such restructuring is expected to result in a Specified Amendment to such Collateral Obligation, and (y) the Portfolio Manager
certifies in writing to the Collateral Trustee that the Portfolio Manager either would not be permitted to or would not elect to enter
into such Specified Amendment pursuant to the Portfolio Manager Standard or any provision of this Indenture or the Portfolio Management
Agreement or (B) the purchase price of any Collateral Obligations or, for the avoidance of doubt, any Equity Securities sold by and
at the option of the Issuer to the Transferor pursuant to Section 12.1(d) or
Section 12.1(g). The foregoing provisions in this paragraph constitute the "Repurchase and
Substitution Limit."

255

(d) Third Party Beneficiaries. The Issuer, the Collateral Trustee and each Holder agree that the Transferor shall be a third party
beneficiary of this Indenture solely for purposes of this Section 12.5, and shall be entitled to rely upon and enforce such provisions
of this Section 12.5 to the same extent as if it were a party hereto.

ARTICLE XIII 

HOLDERS' RELATIONS

Section 13.1. Subordination

(a) Anything in this Indenture, the Class A Credit Agreements or the Debt to the contrary notwithstanding, the Holders of each Class of
Debt that constitutes a Junior Class agree for the benefit of the Holders of the Debt of each Priority Class with respect to
such Junior Class that such Junior Class shall be subordinate and junior to the Debt of each such Priority Class to the
extent and in the manner set forth in this Indenture. If an Enforcement Event has occurred and is continuing in accordance with Article V,
including as a result of an Event of Default specified in Section 5.1(e) or (f), each Priority Class shall be paid in full
in Cash or, to the extent a Majority of such Class consents, other than in Cash, before any further payment or distribution of any
kind is made on account of any Junior Class with respect thereto, in accordance with the Special Priority of Payments.

(b) In the event that, notwithstanding the provisions of this Indenture, any Holder of Debt of any Junior Class shall have received
any payment or distribution in respect of such Debt contrary to the provisions of this Indenture, then, unless and until all accrued and
unpaid interest on and outstanding principal of each Priority Class with respect thereto shall have been paid in full in Cash or,
to the extent a Majority of such Priority Class consents, other than in Cash in accordance with this Indenture, such payment or distribution
shall be received and held in trust for the benefit of, and shall forthwith be paid over and delivered to, the Collateral Trustee, which
shall pay and deliver the same to the Holders of the applicable Priority Class(es) in accordance with this Indenture; provided that,
if any such payment or distribution is made other than in Cash, it shall be held by the Collateral Trustee as part of the Assets and subject
in all respects to the provisions of this Indenture, including this Section 13.1.

(c) Each Holder of Debt of any Junior Class agrees with all Holders of the applicable Priority Classes that such Holder of Junior
Class of Debt shall not demand, accept, or receive any payment or distribution in respect of such Debt in violation of the provisions
of this Indenture including, without limitation, this Section 13.1; provided that, after all accrued and unpaid interest on
and outstanding principal of a Priority Class has been paid in full, the Holders of the related Junior Class or Classes shall
be fully subrogated to the rights of the Holders of such Priority Class to receive payments or distributions until all amounts due
and payable on the Debt shall be paid in full. Nothing in this Section 13.1
shall affect the obligation of the Issuer to pay Holders of any Junior Class of Debt.

256

(d) In the event one or more Holders or beneficial owners of Debt causes a Bankruptcy Filing against the Issuer in violation of the prohibition
described in this Indenture (including prior to the expiration of the period specified in Section 5.4(d)) (each, a "Filing
Holder"), each such Holder or beneficial owner will be deemed to acknowledge and agree that (A) any claim that such Filing
Holders have against the Issuer (including under all Debt of any Class held by such Filing Holders) or with respect to any Assets
(including any proceeds thereof) shall, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Priority of Payments and notwithstanding any objection
to, or rescission of, such filing, be fully subordinate in right of payment to the claims of each Holder and beneficial owner of any Note
(and each other secured creditor of the Issuer) that is not a Filing Holder, with such subordination being effective until each Note held
by each Holder or beneficial owner of any Note (and each claim of each other secured creditor of the Issuer) that is not a Filing Holder
is paid in full in accordance with the Priority of Payments (after giving effect to such subordination) (B) it will promptly return
or cause all amounts received by it following the filing of such petition to be returned to the Issuer, and (C) it will take all necessary
action to give effect to this agreement. The foregoing agreement will constitute a "subordination agreement" within the meaning
of Section 510(a) of the Bankruptcy Code (or any successor statute). The Issuer shall direct the Collateral Trustee to segregate
payments and take other reasonable steps to effect the foregoing. The Issuer may obtain and assign a separate CUSIP or CUSIPs to the Debt
of each Class held by such Holder(s).

Section 13.2. Standard of Conduct

In exercising any of its or their voting
rights, rights to direct and consent or any other rights as a Holder under this Indenture, a Holder or Holders shall not have any obligation
or duty to any Person or to consider or take into account the interests of any Person and shall not be liable to any Person for any action
taken by it or them or at its or their direction or any failure by it or them to act or to direct that an action be taken, without regard
to whether such action or inaction benefits or adversely affects any Holder, the Issuer, or any other Person, except for any liability
to which such Holder may be subject to the extent the same results from such Holder's taking or directing an action, or failing to take
or direct an action, in bad faith or in violation of the express terms of this Indenture.

ARTICLE XIV 

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 14.1. Form of Documents Delivered to
Collateral Trustee

In
any case where several matters are required to be certified by, or covered by an opinion of, any specified Person, it is not
necessary that all such matters be certified by, or covered by the opinion of, only one such Person, or that they be so certified or
covered by only one document, but one such Person may certify or give an opinion with respect to some matters and one or more other
such Persons as to other matters, and any such Person may certify or give an opinion as to such matters in one or several
documents.

257

Any certificate or opinion of an Officer
of the Issuer or the Portfolio Manager may be based, insofar as it relates to legal matters, upon a certificate or opinion of, or representations
by, counsel (provided that, such counsel is a nationally or internationally recognized and reputable law firm one or more
of the partners of which are admitted to practice before the highest court of any State of the United States or the District of Columbia,
which law firm may, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Indenture, be counsel for the Issuer or the Portfolio Manager), unless
such Officer knows, or should know that the certificate or opinion or representations with respect to the matters upon which such certificate
or opinion is based are erroneous. Any such certificate of an Officer of the Issuer or the Portfolio Manager or Opinion of Counsel may
be based, insofar as it relates to factual matters, upon a certificate or opinion of, or representations by, the Issuer, the Portfolio
Manager or any other Person (on which the Collateral Trustee shall also be entitled to rely), unless such Officer of the Issuer or the
Portfolio Manager or such counsel knows that the certificate or opinion or representations with respect to such matters are erroneous.
Any Opinion of Counsel may also be based, insofar as it relates to factual matters, upon a certificate or opinion of, or representations
by, an Officer of the Portfolio Manager or the Issuer, unless such counsel knows that the certificate or opinion or representations with
respect to such matters are erroneous.

Where any Person is required to make,
give or execute two or more applications, requests, consents, certificates, statements, opinions or other instruments under this Indenture,
they may, but need not, be consolidated and form one instrument.

Whenever in this Indenture it is provided
that, the absence of the occurrence and continuation of a Default, Event of Default or Enforcement Event is a condition precedent to the
taking of any action by the Collateral Trustee at the request or direction of the Issuer, then notwithstanding that the satisfaction of
such condition is a condition precedent to such Issuer's right to make such request or direction, the Collateral Trustee shall be protected
in acting in accordance with such request or direction if it does not have knowledge of the occurrence and continuation of such Default,
Event of Default or Enforcement Event as provided in Section 6.1(d).

Section 14.2. Acts of Holders

(a) Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided by this Indenture to be given or taken
by Holders may be embodied in and evidenced by one or more instruments of substantially similar tenor signed by such Holders in writing or by an
agent duly appointed in writing; and, except as herein otherwise expressly provided, such action shall become effective when such instrument
or instruments are delivered to the Collateral Trustee and, where it is hereby expressly required, to the Issuer. Such instrument or instruments
(and the action or actions embodied therein and evidenced thereby) are herein sometimes referred to as the "Act of Holders"
or the "Act" of a specified percentage of the Holders signing such instrument or instruments. Proof of execution of any
such instrument or of a writing appointing any such agent shall be sufficient for any purpose of this Indenture and conclusive in favor
of the Collateral Trustee and the Issuer, if made in the manner provided in this Section 14.2.

258

(b) The fact and date of the execution by any Person of any such instrument or writing may be proved in any manner which the Collateral
Trustee deems sufficient.

(c) The principal amount and registered numbers of Debt held by any Person, and the date of such Person's holding the same, shall be proved
by the Register.

(d) Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action by the Holder of any Debt shall bind the Holder
(and any transferee thereof) of such and of every Debt issued or incurred upon the registration thereof or in exchange therefor or in
lieu thereof, in respect of anything done, omitted or suffered to be done by the Collateral Trustee, the Issuer in reliance thereon, whether
or not notation of such action is made upon such Debt.

(e) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, a holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note will have the right to receive
access to reports on the Collateral Trustee's Website and will be entitled to exercise rights to vote, give consents and directions which
holders of the related Class of Debt are entitled to give under this Indenture upon delivery of a beneficial ownership certificate
in a form acceptable to the Collateral Trustee which certifies (i) that such Person is a beneficial owner of an interest in a Global
Note, and (ii) the amount and Class of Debt so owned; provided that, nothing shall prevent the Collateral Trustee from
requesting additional information and documentation with respect to any such beneficial owner; provided further that the Collateral
Trustee shall be entitled to conclusively rely on the accuracy and the currency of each beneficial ownership certificate and shall have
no liability for relying thereon.

Section 14.3. Notices, etc., to Certain Parties

(a) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, any request, demand, authorization, direction, order, request, notice, consent or waiver
or other documents provided or permitted by this Indenture to be made upon, given or furnished to, or filed with any of the parties indicated
below shall be sufficient for every purpose hereunder if made, given, furnished or filed in writing to and mailed, by certified mail,
return receipt requested, hand delivered, sent by overnight courier service guaranteeing next day delivery or by email in legible form
at the following address (or at any other address provided in writing by the relevant party):

(i) the Collateral Trustee and the Collateral Administrator at the Corporate Trust Office;

(ii) the Issuer at KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC, 201 Rouse Blvd., Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19112, Attention: William Goebel; Email: FSIC_Team@fsinvestments.com;
credit.notices@fsinvestments.com; portfolio.finance@fsinvestments.com;

(iii) GreensLedge Capital Markets LLC, as a Placement Agent and a Structuring Agent, at 575 Lexington Avenue, 32nd Floor, New York, NY 10022,
Attention: CDO Group, or at any other address subsequently furnished in writing to the Issuer and the Collateral Trustee by GreensLedge
Capital Markets LLC;

259

(iv) Scotia Capital (USA) Inc., as a Placement Agent, at 250 Vesey Street, New York, New York 10281, email: CLOs@scotiabank.com, or at
any other address subsequently furnished in writing to the Issuer and the Collateral Trustee by the Scotia Capital (USA) Inc.;

(v) KKR Capital Markets LLC, as a Structuring Agent, at 9 West 57th Street, 41st Floor, Suite 4160, New York, New York 10019, or
at any other address previously furnished in writing to the Issuer and the Collateral Trustee by KKR Capital Markets LLC;

(vi) KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., as a Structuring Agent at 1301 Avenue of the Americas, 35th Floor, New York, NY 10019, Attention: Andrew
Yuder or at any other address previously furnished in writing to the Issuer and the Collateral Trustee by KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc,;

(vii) the Portfolio Manager at FS KKR Capital Corp., 201 Rouse Blvd., Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19112;

(viii) S&P, in accordance with Section 7.20, 55 Water Street, 41st Floor, New York, New York, 10041-0003 or by email
to CDO_Surveillance@spglobal.com; provided, that (x) in respect of any request to S&P for a confirmation of its Initial
Ratings of each Class of Notes pursuant to Section 7.18(d), such request must be submitted to CDOEffectiveDatePortfolios@spglobal.com,
(y) in respect of any application for a ratings estimate by S&P in respect of a Collateral
Obligation, Information must be submitted to creditestimates@spglobal.com and (z) in respect of any request to S&P for S&P
CDO Monitor, such request must be submitted to CDOMonitor@spglobal.com; and

(ix) the CLO Information Service at any physical or electronic address provided by the Portfolio Manager for delivery of any Monthly Report
or Distribution Report.

260

(b) The Bank (in each of its capacities) shall have the right to accept and act upon instructions, including funds transfer instructions
("Instructions") given pursuant to this Indenture or any of the other Transaction Documents and delivered using Electronic
Means; provided, however, that the Issuer and the Portfolio Manager shall provide to the Bank an incumbency certificate
listing Authorized Officers with the authority to provide such Instructions and containing specimen signatures of such Authorized Officers,
which incumbency certificate shall be amended by the Issuer or the Portfolio Manager, as applicable, whenever a person is to be added
or deleted from the listing. If the Issuer or the Portfolio Manager, as applicable, elects to give the Bank Instructions using Electronic
Means and the Bank in its discretion elects to act upon such Instructions,
the Bank's understanding of such Instructions shall be deemed controlling. The Issuer and the Portfolio Manager each understands and agrees
that the Bank cannot determine the identity of the actual sender of such Instructions and that the Bank shall conclusively presume that
directions that purport to have been sent by an Authorized Officer listed on the incumbency certificate provided to the Bank have been
sent by such Authorized Officer. The Issuer and the Portfolio Manager shall each be responsible for ensuring that only Authorized Officers
transmit such Instructions to the Bank and that the Issuer, the Portfolio Manager and all Authorized Officers are solely responsible to
safeguard the use and confidentiality of applicable user and authorization codes, passwords and/or authentication keys upon receipt by
each party hereto. The Bank shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly from the Bank's reliance
upon and compliance with such Instructions notwithstanding such directions conflict or are inconsistent with a subsequent written instruction.
The Issuer and the Portfolio Manager each agrees: (i) to assume all risks arising out of the use of Electronic Means to submit Instructions
to the Bank, including without limitation the risk of the Bank acting on unauthorized Instructions, and the risk of interception and misuse
by third parties; (ii) that it is fully informed of the protections and risks associated with the various methods of transmitting
Instructions to the Bank and that there may be more secure methods of transmitting Instructions than the method(s) selected by such
Person; (iii) that the security procedures (if any) to be followed in connection with its transmission of Instructions provide to
it a commercially reasonable degree of protection in light of its particular needs and circumstances; and (iv) to notify the Bank
immediately upon learning of any compromise or unauthorized use of the security procedures.

(c) In the event that any provision in this Indenture calls for any notice or document to be delivered simultaneously to the Collateral
Trustee and any other person or entity, the Collateral Trustee's receipt of such notice or document shall entitle the Collateral Trustee
to assume that such notice or document was delivered to such other person or entity unless otherwise expressly specified herein.

(d) Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained herein or in any agreement or document related thereto, any report, statement
or other information required to be provided by the Issuer or the Collateral Trustee may be provided by providing access to the Collateral
Trustee's Website containing such information.

Section 14.4. Notices to Holders; Waiver

(a) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, where this Indenture provides for notice to Holders of any event,

(i) such notice shall be sufficiently given to Holders if in writing and mailed, first class postage prepaid, to each Holder affected
by such event, at the address of such Holder as it appears in the Register (or, in the case of Holders of Global Notes, emailed to DTC
for distribution to each Holder affected by such event and posted to the Collateral Trustee's Website), not earlier than the earliest date and not later than the latest
date, prescribed for the giving of such notice; and

261

(ii) such notice shall be in the English language.

Such notices will be deemed to have
been given on the date of such mailing. Any notice to be provided to the Class A Lenders may be provided to the Loan Agent on their
behalf.

Where this Indenture provides for notice
to holders of Interests, such notice shall be sufficiently given if in writing and mailed, first class postage prepaid, or by overnight
delivery service to Issuer, or by electronic mail transmission, at the Issuer's address pursuant to Section 14.3 hereof with a copy
to the Portfolio Manager. The Issuer (or the Portfolio Manager on the Issuer's behalf) shall forward all notices received pursuant to
the preceding sentence to the holders of Interests. The Issuer (or the Portfolio Manager on the Issuer's behalf) shall provide notice
and a consent solicitation package to each holder of an Interest to the extent that such holder's consent or approval is required hereunder.
The Issuer (or the Portfolio Manager on the Issuer's behalf) shall provide written notice to the Collateral Trustee confirming any such
approval or consent or other instructions obtained from the requisite holders of the Interests.

(b) Notwithstanding clause (a) above, a Holder may give the Collateral Trustee a written notice that it is requesting that notices
to it be given by email and stating the email address for such transmission. Thereafter, the Collateral Trustee shall give notices to
such Holder by email, as so requested; provided that, if such notice also requests that notices be given by mail, then such
notice shall also be given by mail in accordance with clause (a) above.

(c) Subject to the Collateral Trustee's rights under Section 6.3(d), the Collateral Trustee will deliver to the Holders any information
or notice relating to this Indenture in the possession of the Collateral Trustee and requested to be so delivered by at least 25% of the
Holders of any Class of Debt (by Aggregate Outstanding Amount), at the expense of the Issuer; provided that, nothing
herein shall be construed to obligate the Collateral Trustee to distribute any notice that the Collateral Trustee reasonably determines
to be contrary to the terms of this Indenture or its duties and obligations hereunder or applicable law. The Collateral Trustee may require
the requesting Holders to comply with its standard verification policies in order to confirm Holder status. For the avoidance of doubt,
such information shall not include any Effective Date Accountant's Reports or any other Accountants' Report. The Collateral Trustee shall
have no liability for such disclosure or, subject to the duties and responsibilities of the Collateral Trustee set forth in this Indenture,
the accuracy thereof.

(d) Neither the failure to provide any notice, nor any defect in any notice so mailed, to any particular
Holder shall affect the sufficiency of such notice with respect to other Holders. In case by reason of the suspension of regular
mail service as a result of a strike, work stoppage or similar
activity or by reason of any other cause it shall be impracticable to give such notice by mail of any event to Holders when such notice
is required to be given pursuant to any provision of this Indenture, then such notification to Holders as shall be made with the approval
of the Collateral Trustee shall constitute a sufficient notification to such Holders for every purpose hereunder.

262

(e) Where this Indenture provides for notice in any manner, such notice may be waived in writing by any Person entitled to receive such
notice, either before or after the event, and such waiver shall be the equivalent of such notice. Waivers of notice by Holders shall be
filed with the Collateral Trustee but such filing shall not be a condition precedent to the validity of any action taken in reliance upon
such waiver.

(f) The Collateral Trustee shall provide to the Issuer and the Portfolio Manager upon request any information with respect to the identity
of and contact information for any Holder or Certifying Person (unless such Certifying Person has requested the confidential treatment
of such information) that it has within its possession, which in the case of a Certifying Holder shall consist of information provided
by such Certifying Person, or may obtain without unreasonable effort or expense and, subject to Section 6.1(c), the Collateral Trustee
shall have no liability for any such disclosure or the accuracy thereof.

(g) Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Indenture or in any agreement or document related hereto, any information or
documents (including, without limitation reports, notices or supplemental indentures) required to be provided by the Collateral Trustee
to Persons identified in this Section 14.4 may be provided by providing notice of and access to the Collateral Trustee's Website
containing such information or document.

Section 14.5. Effect of Headings and Table of Contents

The Article and Section headings
herein (including those used in cross-references herein) and the Table of Contents are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction
hereof.

Section 14.6. Successors and Assigns

All covenants and agreements in this
Indenture by the Issuer shall bind its successors and assigns, whether so expressed or not.

Section 14.7. Severability

If
any term, provision, covenant or condition of this Indenture or the Debt, or the application thereof to any party hereto or any
circumstance, is held to be unenforceable, invalid or illegal (in whole or in part) for any reason (in any relevant jurisdiction),
the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and conditions of this Indenture or the Debt, modified by the deletion of the
unenforceable, invalid or illegal portion (in any relevant jurisdiction), will continue in full force and effect, and such
unenforceability, invalidity, or illegality will not otherwise affect the enforceability, validity or legality of the remaining
terms, provisions, covenants and conditions of this Indenture or the Debt, as the case may be, so long as this Indenture or the
Debt, as the case may be, as so modified continues to express, without material change, the original intentions of the parties as to
the subject matter hereof and the deletion of such portion of this Indenture or the Debt, as the case may be, will not substantially
impair the respective expectations or reciprocal obligations of the parties or the practical realization of the benefits that would
otherwise be conferred upon the parties.

263

Section 14.8. Benefits of Indenture

Nothing in this Indenture or in the
Debt, expressed or implied, shall give to any Person, other than the parties hereto and their successors hereunder, the Portfolio Manager,
the Collateral Administrator, the Holders any benefit or any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Indenture.

Section 14.9. Legal Holidays

In the event that the date of any Payment
Date, Redemption Date or Stated Maturity shall not be a Business Day, then notwithstanding any other provision of the Debt or this Indenture,
payment need not be made on such date, but may be made on the next succeeding Business Day with the same force and effect as if made on
the nominal date of any such Payment Date, Redemption Date or Stated Maturity date, as the case may be, and except as provided in the
definition of Interest Accrual Period, no interest shall accrue on such payment for the period from and after any such nominal date.

Section 14.10. Governing Law

This Indenture and the Debt shall be
construed in accordance with, and this Indenture and the Debt, and any matters arising out of or relating in any way whatsoever to any
of the Debt or this Indenture, shall be governed by, the law of the State of New York.

Section 14.11. Submission to Jurisdiction

With respect to any suit, action or
proceedings relating to this Indenture or any matter between the parties arising under or in connection with this Indenture ("Proceedings"),
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each party irrevocably: (i) submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United
States District Court for the Southern District of New York or, if such court does not have jurisdiction, any court of the State of New
York located in New York County in any action or Proceeding arising out of or relating to this Indenture; provided, that each party
hereto consents to the jurisdiction of the courts of Minnesota for any Proceeding brought by the Collateral Trustee under the Minnesota
trust instruction procedure statute, (ii) agrees that all claims in respect of such action or Proceeding may be heard and determined
in any such courts and (iii) agrees not to bring any action or Proceeding arising out of or relating to this Indenture in any other
court. Each party hereto waives any defense of inconvenient forum to the maintenance of any action or Proceeding so brought and waives
any bond, surety or other security that might be required of any other party with respect thereto. Each party agrees that a final, non-appealable
judgment in any action or Proceeding so brought shall be conclusive and may be enforced by suit on the judgment or in any other manner
provided by applicable law.

264

Section 14.12. Waiver of Jury Trial

EACH OF THE ISSUER, THE HOLDERS AND
THE COLLATERAL TRUSTEE HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY
IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS INDENTURE, THE DEBT OR THE

TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. Each
party hereby (i) certifies that no representative, agent or attorney of the other has represented, expressly or otherwise, that the
other would not, in the event of a Proceeding, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver and (ii) acknowledges that it has been induced
to enter into this Indenture by, among other things, the mutual waivers and certifications in this paragraph.

Section 14.13. Counterparts

This Indenture and the Debt (and each
amendment, modification and waiver in respect of this Indenture or the Debt) may be executed and delivered in counterparts (including
by .jpeg file or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, including Orbit, Adobe Sign, DocuSign, or
any other similar platform identified by the Issuer and reasonably available at no undue burden or expense to the Collateral Trustee),
each of which will be deemed an original, and all of which together constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart
of this Indenture by email (PDF), telecopy or other electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart
of this Indenture. The Collateral Trustee shall have no duty to inquire into or investigate the authenticity or authorization of any such
electronic signature and shall be entitled to conclusively rely on any such electronic signature without any liability with respect thereto.

Section 14.14. Acts of Issuer

Any request, demand, authorization,
direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided by this Indenture to be given or performed by the Issuer shall be effective
if given or performed by the Issuer or by the Portfolio Manager on the Issuer's behalf.

265

Section 14.15. Confidential Information

(a) The Collateral Trustee, the Collateral Administrator and each Holder will maintain the
confidentiality of all Confidential Information in accordance with procedures adopted by such Person in good faith to protect
Confidential Information of third parties delivered to such Person; provided that, such Person may deliver or disclose
Confidential Information: (i) with the prior written consent of the Portfolio Manager, (ii) as required by law,
regulation, court order or the rules, regulations or request or order of any governmental, judiciary, regulatory or self-regulating
organization, body or official having jurisdiction over such Person, (iii) in conjunction with the transactions described
herein, to its Affiliates, members, partners, officers, directors and employees and to its attorneys, accountants and other
professional advisers (each of whom it has advised of the confidential nature of the Confidential Information and its obligations to
maintain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information), (iv) such information as may be necessary or desirable in order
for such Person to prepare, publish and distribute to any Person any information relating to the investment performance of the
Assets in the aggregate, or (v) in connection with the exercise or enforcement of such Person's rights hereunder or in any
dispute or proceeding related hereto, including defense by the Collateral Trustee or Collateral Administrator of any claim of
liability that may be brought or charged against it. Notwithstanding the foregoing, delivery to any Person (including Holders) by
the Collateral Trustee or the Collateral Administrator of any report, notice, document or other information required or expressly
permitted by the terms of this Indenture or any of the other Transaction Documents to be provided to such Person or Persons, and
delivery to Holders of copies of this Indenture or any of the other Transaction Documents, shall not be a violation of this
Section 14.15. Each Holder agrees, except as set forth in clause (ii) above, that it shall use
the Confidential Information for the sole purpose of making an investment in the Debt or administering its investment in the Debt; and
that the Collateral Trustee and the Collateral Administrator shall neither be required nor authorized to disclose to Holders any Confidential
Information in violation of this Section 14.15. In the event of any required disclosure of the Confidential Information by such Holder,
such Holder agrees to use reasonable efforts to protect the confidentiality of the Confidential Information. Each Holder, by its acceptance
of a Note, will be deemed to have agreed to be bound by and to be entitled to the benefits of this Section 14.15.

For the avoidance of doubt, any Person
may disclose Confidential Information to report possible violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity,
including but not limited to the Department of Justice, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the United States Congress, and any agency
inspector general, or making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of federal law or regulation. There
is no prior authorization necessary hereunder to make any such reports or disclosures and there is no notification requirement that any
such reports or disclosures have been made.

(b) For the purposes of this Section 14.15, "Confidential Information" means information delivered to the Collateral
Trustee, the Collateral Administrator or any Holder by or on behalf of the Issuer in connection with and relating to the transactions
contemplated by or otherwise pursuant to this Indenture; provided that, such term does not include information that: (i) was
publicly known or otherwise known to the Collateral Trustee, the Collateral Administrator or such Holder prior to the time of such disclosure;
(ii) subsequently becomes publicly known through no act or omission by the Collateral Trustee, the Collateral Administrator, any
Holder or any person acting on behalf of the Collateral Trustee, the Collateral Administrator or any Holder; (iii) otherwise is known
or becomes known to the Collateral Trustee, the Collateral Administrator or any Holder other than (x) through disclosure by the Issuer
or (y) to the knowledge of the Collateral Trustee, the Collateral Administrator or a Holder, as the case may be, in each case after
reasonable inquiry, as a result of the breach of a fiduciary duty to the Issuer or a contractual duty to the Issuer; or (iv) is allowed
to be treated as non-confidential by consent of the Issuer.

266

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) each of the Collateral Trustee and the Collateral Administrator may disclose Confidential
Information (x) to the Rating Agency and (y) as and to the extent it may
reasonably deem necessary for the performance of its duties hereunder (including the exercise of remedies pursuant to Article V),
including on a confidential basis to its agents, attorneys and auditors in connection with the performance of its duties hereunder and
the Collateral Trustee will provide, upon delivery by a prospective purchaser of an executed non-disclosure agreement in form approved
by the Portfolio Manager in its sole discretion, copies of this Indenture, the Portfolio Management Agreement, Monthly Reports and Distribution
Reports to a prospective purchaser of an interest in Debt, and (ii) the Issuer may provide copies of any Monthly Report and any Distribution
Report to the CLO Information Service pursuant to and in accordance with Section 10.7.

(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, each recipient may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation
of any kind, the U.S. federal, state and local tax treatment of the Debt and the Issuer, any fact that may be relevant to understanding
the U.S. federal, state and local tax treatment of the Debt and the Issuer, and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other
tax analyses) relating to such U.S. federal, state and local tax treatment and that may be relevant to understanding such U.S. federal,
state and local tax treatment.

ARTICLE XV

ASSIGNMENT OF PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT

Section 15.1. Assignment of Portfolio Management
Agreement

(a) The Issuer, in furtherance of the covenants of this Indenture and as security for the Secured Obligations and the performance and
observance of the provisions hereof, hereby assigns, transfers, conveys and sets over to the Collateral Trustee, for the benefit of the
Secured Parties, all of the Issuer's right, title and interest in, to and under the Portfolio Management Agreement, including, without
limitation, (i) the right to give all notices, consents and releases thereunder, (ii) the right to give all notices of termination
and to take any legal action upon the breach of an obligation of the Portfolio Manager thereunder, including the commencement, conduct
and consummation of proceedings at law or in equity, (iii) the right to receive all notices, accountings, consents, releases and
statements thereunder and (iv) the right to do any and all other things whatsoever that the Issuer is or may be entitled to do thereunder;
provided, however, that the Issuer may exercise any of its rights under the Portfolio Management Agreement without notice
to or the consent of the Collateral Trustee (except as otherwise expressly required by this Indenture), so long as an Event of Default
has not occurred and is not continuing. From and after the occurrence and continuance
of an Event of Default, the Portfolio Manager will continue to perform and be bound by the provisions of the Portfolio Management Agreement
and this Indenture. The Collateral Trustee will be entitled to rely and be protected in relying upon all actions and omissions to act
of the Portfolio Manager thereafter as fully as if no Event of Default had occurred.

267

(b) The assignment made hereby is executed as collateral security, and the execution and delivery hereof shall not in any way impair or
diminish the obligations of the Issuer under the provisions of the Portfolio Management Agreement, nor shall any of the obligations contained
in the Portfolio Management Agreement be imposed on the Collateral Trustee. Upon the retirement of the Debt and the release of the Assets
from the lien of this Indenture, this assignment and all rights herein assigned to the Collateral Trustee shall cease and terminate and
all of the estate, right, title and interest of the Collateral Trustee in, to and under the Portfolio Management Agreement shall revert
to the Issuer and no further instrument or act shall be necessary to evidence such termination and reversion.

(c) The Issuer hereby agrees, and hereby undertakes to obtain the agreement and consent of the Portfolio Manager in the Portfolio Management
Agreement, to the following:

(i) The Portfolio Manager consents to the provisions of this assignment and agrees to perform any provisions of this Indenture applicable
to the Portfolio Manager subject to the terms of the Portfolio Management Agreement.

(ii) The Portfolio Manager acknowledges that the Issuer is assigning all of its right, title and interest (but none of its obligations)
in, to and under the Portfolio Management Agreement to the Collateral Trustee as collateral for the benefit of the Secured Parties.

(iii) The Portfolio Manager shall deliver to the Collateral Trustee duplicate original copies of all notices, statements, communications
and instruments delivered or required to be delivered to the Issuer pursuant to the Portfolio Management Agreement.

(iv) Except as contemplated under the Portfolio Management Agreement, neither the Issuer nor the Portfolio Manager will enter into any
agreement amending, modifying or terminating the Portfolio Management Agreement without (x) if the amendment or modification pertains
to a provision of the Portfolio Management Agreement that requires satisfaction of the S&P Rating Condition to effect the action contemplated
therein, satisfying the S&P Rating Condition, (y) otherwise complying with the applicable provisions of the Portfolio Management
Agreement and (z) the consent of a Majority of any Class of Debt materially and adversely affected thereby.

268

(v) Except as otherwise set forth herein and therein, the Portfolio Manager shall continue to serve as Portfolio Manager under the Portfolio
Management Agreement notwithstanding that the Portfolio Manager shall not have received amounts due to it under the Portfolio Management
Agreement because sufficient funds were not then available hereunder to pay such amounts in accordance with the Priority of Payments.
The Portfolio Manager agrees not to cause the filing of a petition in bankruptcy against the Issuer for the non-payment of the Management
Fees or other amounts payable by the Issuer to the Portfolio
Manager under the Portfolio Management Agreement prior to the date which is one year (or, if longer, the applicable preference period
then in effect) plus one day after the payment in full of all Debt issued or incurred under this Indenture; provided, however,
that nothing in this clause (v) shall preclude, or be deemed to estop, the Portfolio Manager or the Collateral Trustee (A) from
taking any action (not inconsistent with the foregoing) prior to the expiration of the aforementioned one year and one day (or longer)
period in (x) any case or proceeding voluntarily filed or commenced by the Issuer, or (y) any involuntary insolvency proceeding
filed or commenced against the Issuer, by a Person other than the Portfolio Manager or its Affiliates, or (B) from commencing against
the Issuer or any properties of the Issuer any legal action which is not a bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, moratorium
or liquidation proceeding.

(vi) The Portfolio Manager irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of any federal or New York state court sitting in the
Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York in any action or Proceeding arising out of or relating to the Debt or this Indenture, and
the Portfolio Manager irrevocably agrees that all claims in respect of such action or Proceeding may be heard and determined in such federal
or New York state court. The Portfolio Manager irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent it may legally do so, the defense of an inconvenient
forum to the maintenance of such action or Proceeding. The Portfolio Manager irrevocably consents to the service of any and all process
in any action or Proceeding by the mailing or delivery of copies of such process to it at the office of the Portfolio Manager set forth
in Section 14.3. The Portfolio Manager agrees that a final judgment in any such action or Proceeding shall be conclusive and may
be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law.

(vii) The Portfolio Manager agrees that, notwithstanding any other provision of the Portfolio Management Agreement, the obligations of the
Issuer under the Portfolio Management Agreement are limited recourse obligations of the Issuer payable solely from the Assets at such
time and, following realization thereof and application of the proceeds in accordance
with the Priority of Payments or otherwise as described in this Indenture, any remaining claims against the Issuer shall be extinguished
and shall not thereafter revive.

Section 15.2. Standard of Care Applicable to the
Portfolio Manager

For the avoidance of doubt, the standard
of care set forth in the Portfolio Management Agreement shall apply to the Portfolio Manager with respect to those provisions of this
Indenture applicable to the Portfolio Manager.

- signature page follows 

269

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, we have set our hands as of the day and year first written above.

KKR
FSK CLO 2 LLC,

as
Issuer

By:
FS KKR Capital Corp., its Designated Manager

By: /s/ William Goebel

Name:
William Goebel

Title:
Chief Accounting Officer

[Signatures continue on the following page.]

KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC

Indenture

U.S.
BANK TRUST COMPANY,

NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION, as Collateral Trustee

By: /s/ Elaine Mah

Name:
Elaine Mah

Title:
Senior Vice President

KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC

Indenture

Schedule 1

S&P Industry Classifications

Asset Type Asset Type Description

0 Zero Default Risk

1020000 Energy Equipment and Services

1030000 Oil, Gas and Consumable Fuels

1033403 Mortgage Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)

2020000 Chemicals

2030000 Construction Materials

2040000 Containers and Packaging

2050000 Metals and Mining

2060000 Paper and Forest Products

3020000 Aerospace and Defense

3030000 Building Products

3040000 Construction and Engineering

3050000 Electrical Equipment

3060000 Industrial Conglomerates

3070000 Machinery

3080000 Trading Companies and Distributors

3110000 Commercial Services and Supplies

3210000 Air Freight and Logistics

3220000 Passenger airlines

3230000 Marine transportation

3240000 Ground transportation

3250000 Transportation Infrastructure

4011000 Automobile Components

4020000 Automobiles

4110000 Household Durables

4120000 Leisure Products

4130000 Textiles, Apparel and Luxury Goods

4210000 Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure

4300001 Entertainment

4300002 Interactive Media and Services

4310000 Media

4410000 Distributors

4430000 Broadline Retail

4440000 Specialty Retail

5020000 Consumer staples distribution and retail

5110000 Beverages

Schedule 1-1

Asset Type Asset Type Description

5120000 Food Products

5130000 Tobacco

5210000 Household Products

5220000 Personal Care Products

6020000 Health Care Equipment and Supplies

6030000 Health Care Providers and Services

6110000 Biotechnology

6120000 Pharmaceuticals

7011000 Banks

7110000 Financial Services

7120000 Consumer Finance

7130000 Capital Markets

7210000 Insurance

7310000 Real Estate Management and Development

7311000 Diversified REITs

8030000 IT Services

8040000 Software

8110000 Communications Equipment

8120000 Technology Hardware, Storage and Peripherals

8130000 Electronic Equipment, Instruments and Components

8210000 Semiconductors and Semiconductor Equipment

9020000 Diversified Telecommunication Services

9030000 Wireless Telecommunication Services

9520000 Electric Utilities

9530000 Gas Utilities

9540000 Multi-Utilities

9550000 Water Utilities

9551701 Diversified Consumer Services

9551702 Independent Power and Renewable Electricity Producers

9551727 Life Sciences Tools and Services

9551729 Health Care Technology

9612010 Professional Services

9622292 Residential REITs

9622294 Industrial REITs

9622295 Hotel and resort REITs

9622296 Office REITs

9622297 Health care REITs

9622298 Retail REITs

9622299 Specialized REITs

Schedule 1-2

PROJECT FINANCE

Asset Type Description

PF1 Project finance: Industrial Equipment

PF2 Project finance: Leisure and gaming

PF3 Project finance: Natural resources and mining

PF4 Project finance: Oil and gas

PF5 Project finance: Power

PF6 Project finance: Public finance and real estate

PF7 Project finance: Telecommunications

PF8 Project finance: Transport

PF1000-PF1099 Reserved

Schedule 1-3

Schedule 2

S&P CDO Monitor Test Definitions

As used for purposes of the S&P
CDO Monitor Test, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below:

"S&P CDO Monitor Adjusted
BDR": The threshold value for the S&P CDO Monitor Test, calculated as a percentage by adjusting the S&P CDO Monitor BDR
for changes in the Principal Balance of the Collateral Obligations relative to the Target Initial Par Amount as follows:

S&P CDO Monitor BDR * (OP / NP)
+ (NP - OP) / (NP * (1 S&P Weighted Average Recovery Rate)), where OP = Target Initial Par Amount; NP = the sum of the aggregate
principal balances of the Collateral Obligations with an S&P Rating of "CCC-" or higher, Principal Proceeds, the reduction
in principal amount of the Highest Ranking S&P Class during the Reinvestment Period and the sum of the lower of S&P
Recovery Amount or the Market Value of each obligation with an S&P Rating below "CCC-".

"S&P CDO Monitor BDR":
The value calculated using the following formula relating to the Issuer's portfolio: C0 + (C1 * Weighted Average Floating Spread) + (C2
* S&P Weighted Average Recovery Rate), where: C0=0.070611, C1=3.340183 and C2=1.294119.

"S&P CDO Monitor SDR":
The percentage derived from the following equation: 0.247621 + (SPWARF/9162.65) (DRD/16757.2) (ODM/7677.8) (IDM/2177.56)
(RDM/34.0948) +

(WAL/27.3896), where SPWARF is the
S&P Weighted Average Rating Factor; DRD is the S&P Default Rate Dispersion; ODM is the S&P Obligor Diversity Measure; IDM
is the S&P Industry Diversity Measure; RDM is the S&P Regional Diversity Measure; and WAL is the S&P Weighted Average Life.

"S&P Default Rate Dispersion":
With respect to all Collateral Obligations with an S&P Rating of "CCC-" or higher, (A) the sum of the product of (i) the
Principal Balance of each such Collateral Obligation and (ii) the absolute value of (x) the S&P Rating Factor minus (y) the
S&P Weighted Average Rating Factor divided by (B) the Aggregate Principal Balance for all such Collateral Obligations.

"S&P Effective Date Adjustments":
In connection with determining whether the S&P CDO Monitor Test is satisfied in connection with the Effective Date if an S&P CDO
Monitor Formula Election Date has occurred, the following adjustments shall apply: (i) in calculating the Weighted Average Floating
Spread, the Aggregate Funded Spread will be calculated by assuming that any Floor Obligation bears interest at a rate equal to the stated
interest rate spread over the Reference Rate for such Floor Obligation and (ii) in calculating the S&P CDO Monitor Adjusted BDR,
the Collateral Principal Amount will exclude Principal Proceeds on deposit in the Principal Collection Account and the Ramp-Up Account
that are permitted to be designated as Interest Proceeds prior to the second Distribution Date.

"S&P Industry Diversity
Measure": A measure calculated by determining the Aggregate Principal Balance of the Collateral Obligations (with an S&P
Rating of "CCC-" or higher) within each S&P Industry Classification in the portfolio, then dividing each of these
amounts by the Aggregate Principal Balance of the Collateral
Obligations (with an S&P Rating of "CCC-" or higher) from all the S&P Industry Classifications in the portfolio, squaring
the result for each industry, then taking the reciprocal of the sum of these squares.

Schedule 2-1

"S&P Obligor Diversity
Measure": A measure calculated by determining the Aggregate Principal Balance of the Collateral Obligations (with an S&P
Rating of "CCC-" or higher) from each obligor and its affiliates, then dividing each such Aggregate Principal Balance
by the Aggregate Principal Balance of Collateral Obligations (with an S&P Rating of "CCC-" or higher) from all the obligors
in the portfolio, then squaring the result for each obligor, then taking the reciprocal of the sum of these squares.

"S&P Rating Factor":
For each Collateral Obligation (with an S&P Rating of "CCC-" or higher), a number set forth to the right of the applicable
S&P Rating Below, which table may be adjusted from time to time by S&P:

S&P Rating S&P Rating Factor S&P Rating S&P Rating Factor

AAA 13.51 BB+ 784.92

AA+ 26.75 BB 1233.63

AA 46.36 BB- 1565.44

AA- 63.90 B+ 1982.00

A+ 99.50 B 2859.50

A 146.35 B- 3610.11

A- 199.83 CCC+ 4641.40

BBB+ 271.01 CCC 5293.00

BBB 361.17 CCC- 5751.10

BBB- 540.42 CC, D or SD 10,000

"S&P Region Classification":
With respect to a Collateral Obligation, the applicable classification set forth in the table titled "S&P Region Classifications"
in Schedule 6, or such other table published by S&P that the Portfolio Manager provides to the Collateral Administrator.

"S&P Regional Diversity
Measure": A measure calculated by determining the Aggregate Principal Balance of the Collateral Obligations (with an S&P
Rating of "CCC-" or higher) within each S&P Region Classification, then dividing each of these amounts by the Aggregate
Principal Balance of the Collateral Obligations (with an S&P Rating of "CCC-" or higher) from all S&P Region Classifications
in the portfolio, squaring the result for each S&P Region Classification, then taking the reciprocal of the sum of these squares.

"S&P Weighted Average Life":
On any date of determination, a number calculated by determining the number of years between the current date and the maturity date of
each Collateral Obligation (with an S&P Rating of "CCC-"or higher), multiplying each Collateral Obligation's Principal
Balance by its number of years, summing the results of all Collateral Obligations in the portfolio, and dividing such amount
by the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Collateral Obligations (with an S&P Rating of "CCC-" or higher).

"S&P
Weighted Average Rating Factor": With respect to all Collateral Obligations with an S&P Rating of "CCC-" or
higher, (A) the sum of the product of (i) the Principal Balance of each such Collateral Obligation and (ii) the
S&P Rating Factor for such Collateral Obligation divided by (B) the aggregate principal balance for all such
Collateral Obligations.

Schedule 2-2

Schedule 3

[Reserved]

Schedule 3-1

Schedule 4

APPROVED INDEX LIST

1. S&P/LSTA Leveraged Loan Indices

2. CS Leveraged Loan Index (f/k/a CSFB Leveraged Loan Index)

3. Deutsche Bank Leveraged Loan Index

4. Goldman Sachs/Loan Pricing Corporation Liquid Leveraged Loan Index

5. Banc of America Securities Leveraged Loan Index

Schedule 4-1

Schedule 5

S&P RECOVERY RATE TABLES

(a) (i) If a Collateral Obligation has an S&P Recovery Rating, the S&P Recovery Rate for such Collateral Obligation shall be determined
as follows (taking into account, for any Collateral Obligation with an S&P Recovery Rating of "1" through "6",
the recovery range indicated in the S&P published report therefor):

S&P

Recovery 

Rating

of a

Collateral 

Obligation 

Recovery

Estimate

(%)* from

S&P 

published

reports** 

Initial Liability
Rating

"AAA" "AA" "A" "BBB" "BB" "B" and 

below

1+ 100 75.00% 85.00% 88.00% 90.00% 92.00% 95.00%

1 95 70.00% 80.00% 84.00% 87.50% 91.00% 95.00%

1 90 65.00% 75.00% 80.00% 85.00% 90.00% 95.00%

2 85 62.50% 72.50% 77.50% 83.00% 88.00% 92.00%

2 80 60.00% 70.00% 75.00% 81.00% 86.00% 89.00%

2 75 55.00% 65.00% 70.50% 77.00% 82.50% 84.00%

2 70 50.00% 60.00% 66.00% 73.00% 79.00% 79.00%

3 65 45.00% 55.00% 61.00% 68.00% 73.00% 74.00%

3 60 40.00% 50.00% 56.00% 63.00% 67.00% 69.00%

3 55 35.00% 45.00% 51.00% 58.00% 63.00% 64.00%

3 50 30.00% 40.00% 46.00% 53.00% 59.00% 59.00%

4 45 28.50% 37.50% 44.00% 49.50% 53.50% 54.00%

4 40 27.00% 35.00% 42.00% 46.00% 48.00% 49.00%

4 35 23.50% 30.50% 37.50% 42.50% 43.50% 44.00%

4 30 20.00% 26.00% 33.00% 39.00% 39.00% 39.00%

5 25 17.50% 23.00% 28.50% 32.50% 33.50% 34.00%

5 20 15.00% 20.00% 24.00% 26.00% 28.00% 29.00%

5 15 10.00% 15.00% 19.50% 22.50% 23.50% 24.00%

5 10 5.00% 10.00% 15.00% 19.00% 19.00% 19.00%

6 5 3.50% 7.00% 10.50% 13.50% 14.00% 14.00%

6 0 2.00% 4.00% 6.00% 8.00% 9.00% 9.00%

Recovery rate

* The recovery estimate from S&P's published reports for a given
loan is rounded down to the nearest 5%.

Schedule 5-1

(ii) If (x) a Collateral Obligation does not have an S&P Recovery Rating and such Collateral Obligation is a senior unsecured
loan or second lien loan and (y) the issuer of such Collateral Obligation has issued another debt instrument that is outstanding
and senior to such Collateral Obligation (a "Senior Secured Debt Instrument") that has an S&P Recovery Rating, the
S&P Recovery Rate for such Collateral Obligation shall be determined as follows:

For Collateral Obligations Domiciled in Group
A

S&P Recovery 

Rating

of the Senior 

Secured

Notes Instrument Initial Liability Rating

"AAA" "AA" "A" "BBB" "BB" "B" and 

below

1+ 18% 20% 23% 26% 29% 31%

1 18% 20% 23% 26% 29% 31%

2 18% 20% 23% 26% 29% 31%

3 12% 15% 18% 21% 22% 23%

4 5% 8% 11% 13% 14% 15%

5 2% 4% 6% 8% 9% 10%

6 -% -% -% -% -% -%

Recovery rate

For Collateral Obligations Domiciled in Group
B

S&P Recovery

Rating

of the Senior 

Secured

Notes Instrument Initial Liability Rating

"AAA" "AA" "A" "BBB" "BB" "B" and 

below

1+ 13% 16% 18% 21% 23% 25%

1 13% 16% 18% 21% 23% 25%

2 13% 16% 18% 21% 23% 25%

3 8% 11% 13% 15% 16% 17%

4 5% 5% 5% 5% 5% 5%

5 2% 2% 2% 2% 2% 2%

6 -% -% -% -% -% -%

Recovery rate

Schedule 5-2

For Collateral Obligations Domiciled in Group
C

S&P Recovery 

Rating

of the Senior 

Secured

Notes Instrument Initial Liability Rating

"AAA" "AA" "A" "BBB" "BB" "B" and

below

1+ 10% 12% 14% 16% 18% 20%

1 10% 12% 14% 16% 18% 20%

2 10% 12% 14% 16% 18% 20%

3 5% 7% 9% 10% 11% 12%

4 2% 2% 2% 2% 2% 2%

5 -% -% -% -% -% -%

6 -% -% -% -% -% -%

Recovery rate

(iii) If (x) a Collateral Obligation does not have an S&P Recovery Rating and such Collateral Obligation is a subordinated loan
and (y) the issuer of such Collateral Obligation has issued a Senior Secured Debt Instrument that has an S&P Recovery Rating,
the S&P Recovery Rate for such Collateral Obligation shall be determined as follows:

For Collateral Obligations Domiciled in Groups
A and B

S&P Recovery Rating 

of the Senior Secured

Notes Instrument Initial Liability Rating

"AAA" "AA" "A" "BBB" "BB" "B"
and below

1+ 8% 8% 8% 8% 8% 8%

1 8% 8% 8% 8% 8% 8%

2 8% 8% 8% 8% 8% 8%

3 5% 5% 5% 5% 5% 5%

4 2% 2% 2% 2% 2% 2%

5 -% -% -% -% -% -%

6 -% -% -% -% -% -%

Recovery rate

Schedule 5-3

For Collateral Obligations Domiciled in Group
C

S&P Recovery Rating

of the Senior Secured

Notes Instrument Initial Liability Rating

"AAA" "AA" "A" "BBB" "BB" "B" and below

1+ 5% 5% 5% 5% 5% 5%

1 5% 5% 5% 5% 5% 5%

2 5% 5% 5% 5% 5% 5%

3 2% 2% 2% 2% 2% 2%

4 -% -% -% -% -% -%

5 -% -% -% -% -% -%

6 -% -% -% -% -% -%

Recovery rate

(b) If a recovery rate cannot be determined using clause (a) and the Collateral Obligation is secured solely or primarily by common
stock, other equity interests and goodwill, and the issuer of such Collateral Obligation has issued another debt instrument that is a
senior unsecured loan, then the S&P Recovery Rate for such Collateral Obligation will be equal to the S&P Recovery Rate for such
senior unsecured loan (or such other S&P Recovery Rate as S&P may provide, at the request of the Portfolio Manager, on a case-by-case
basis).

(c) If a recovery rate cannot be determined using clause (a) or clause (b) and the Collateral Obligation is secured solely or
primarily by common stock, other equity interests and goodwill, then the recovery rate shall be determined using the table following clause
(d) as if such Collateral Obligation were an Unsecured Loan.

(d) If a recovery rate cannot be determined using clause (a), clause (b) or clause (c), the recovery rate shall be determined using
the following table.

Recovery rates for Obligors Domiciled in Group
A, B or C:

Priority Category Initial Liability Rating

"AAA" "AA" "A" "BBB" "BB" 

"B" and

"CCC"

Senior Secured Loans

Group A 50% 55% 59% 63% 75% 79%

Group B 39% 42% 46% 49% 60% 63%

Group C 17% 19% 27% 29% 31% 34%

Senior
Secured Loans (Cov-Lite Loans), Senior Secured Bonds and Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes*

Group A 41% 46% 49% 53% 63% 67%

Group B 32% 35% 39% 41% 50% 53%

Schedule 5-4

Priority Category Initial Liability Rating

"AAA" "AA" "A" "BBB" "BB" 

"B" and

"CCC"

Group C 17% 19% 27% 29% 31% 34%

Unsecured Loans, Second Lien Loans, senior unsecured bonds and First Lien Last Out Loans**

Group A 18% 20% 23% 26% 29% 31%

Group B 13% 16% 18% 21% 23% 25%

Group C 10% 12% 14% 16% 18% 20%

Subordinated loans

Group A 8% 8% 8% 8% 8% 8%

Group B 8% 8% 8% 8% 8% 8%

Group C 5% 5% 5% 5% 5% 5%

Recovery rate

Group A: Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Finland,
France, Germany, Hong Kong, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Luxembourg, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Singapore,
Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

GroupB: Brazil, Czech Republic, Mexico, Poland and South Africa

GroupC: Afghanistan, Albania, Algeria, Andorra, Angola, Anguilla,
Antigua, Argentina, Armenia, Aruba, Ascension, Azerbaijan, Bahamas, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Barbados, Belarus, Belize, Benin, Bermuda, Bhutan,
Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Botswana, British Virgin Islands, Brunei, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Cambodia, Cameroon, Cape
Verde Islands, Cayman Islands, Central African Republic, Chad, Chile, China, Colombia, Comoros, Congo-Brazzaville, Congo-Kinshasa, Cook
Islands, Costa Rica, Cote d'Ivoire, Croatia, Cuba, Curacao, Cyprus, Djibouti, Dominica, Dominican Republic, Dubai International Finance
Centre, East Timor, Ecuador, Egypt, El Salvador, Equatorial Guinea, Eritrea, Estonia, Ethiopia, Fiji, French Guiana, French Polynesia,
Gabonese Republic, Gambia, Georgia, Ghana, Greece, Grenada, Guadeloupe, Guatemala, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Guyana, Haiti, Honduras, Hungary, Iceland, India, Indonesia, Iran, Iraq, Isle
of Man, Jamaica, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kenya, Kiribati, Kosovo, Kuwait, Kyrgyzstan, Laos, Latvia, Lebanon, Lesotho, Liberia, Libya, Liechtenstein,
Lithuania, Macedonia, Madagascar, Malawi, Malaysia, Maldives, Mali, Malta, Martinique, Mauritania, Mauritius, Micronesia, Moldova, Monaco,
Mongolia, Montenegro, Montserrat, Morocco, Mozambique, Myanmar, Namibia, Nauru, Nepal, New Caledonia, Nicaragua, Niger, Nigeria, North
Korea, Oman, Pakistan, Palau, Palestinian Settlements, Panama, Papua New Guinea, Paraguay, Peru, Philippines, Qatar, Romania, Russia,
Rwanda, Samoa, Sao Tome & Principe, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, Serbia, Seychelles, Sierra Leone, Slovak Republic, Slovenia, Solomon
Islands, Somalia, South Korea, Sri Lanka, St. Helena, St. Kitts/Nevis, St. Lucia, St. Vincent & Grenadines, Sudan, Suriname,
Swaziland, Syrian Arab Republic, Taiwan, Tajikistan, Tanzania/Zanzibar, Thailand, Togo, Tonga, Trinidad & Tobago, Tunisia, Turkmenistan,
Turks & Caicos, Turkey, Tuvalu, Uganda, Ukraine, United Arab Emirates, Uruguay, Uzbekistan, Vanuatu, Venezuela, Vietnam, Western
Sahara, Yemen, Zambia, Zimbabwe

Schedule 5-5

* Solely for the purpose of determining the S&P Recovery Rate for such obligation, no obligation will
constitute a "Senior Secured Loan," a "S&P Cov-Lite Loan", a "Senior Secured Bond" or a "Senior
Secured Floating Rate Notes" unless such obligation (a secured solely or primarily) (a) is secured by a valid first priority
security interest in collateral, (b) in the Portfolio Manager's commercially reasonable judgment (with such determination being made
in good faith by the Portfolio Manager at the time of such obligation's purchase and based upon information reasonably available to the
Portfolio Manager at such time and without any requirement of additional investigation beyond the Portfolio Manager's customary credit
review procedures), is secured by specified collateral that has a value not less than an amount equal to the sum of (i) the aggregate
principal balance of all debt senior or pari passu to such obligation and (ii) the outstanding principal balance of such obligation,
which value may be derived from, among other things, the enterprise value (but may not be based solely on equity or goodwill)
of the issuer of such obligation and (c) is not secured solely or primarily by common stock or other equity interests; provided
that this clause (c) shall not apply to any obligation that has been issued by a parent entity that is secured solely or primarily
by the common stock or other equity interests of one or more direct or indirect subsidiaries of such parent entity to the extent that
the granting by any such subsidiary of a lien on its own property would violate law or regulations applicable to such subsidiary (whether
the obligation secured is such Loan or any other similar type of indebtedness owing to third parties); provided that the terms
of this footnote may be amended or revised at any time by a written agreement of the Issuer, the Portfolio Manager (with notice to the
Collateral Trustee and without the consent of any holder of any Debt), subject to satisfaction of the S&P Rating Condition, in order
to conform to S&P then current criteria for such obligations.

** First Lien Last Out Loans and Second Lien Loans with, in the aggregate, an aggregate principal balance
in excess of 15% of the Collateral Principal Amount will use the "Subordinated Loans" Priority Category for the purpose of determining
their S&P Recovery Rate.

Schedule 5-6

Schedule 6

S&P REGION CLASSIFICATIONS

Region 

Code Region Name Country

Code Country
Name

17 Africa: Eastern 253 Djibouti

17 Africa: Eastern 291 Eritrea

17 Africa: Eastern 251 Ethiopia

17 Africa: Eastern 254 Kenya

17 Africa: Eastern 252 Somalia

17 Africa: Eastern 249 Sudan

12 Africa: Southern 247 Ascension

12 Africa: Southern 267 Botswana

12 Africa: Southern 266 Lesotho

12 Africa: Southern 230 Mauritius

12 Africa: Southern 264 Namibia

12 Africa: Southern 248 Seychelles

12 Africa: Southern 27 South Africa

12 Africa: Southern 290 St. Helena

12 Africa: Southern 268 Swaziland

13 Africa: Sub-Saharan 244 Angola

13 Africa: Sub-Saharan 226 Burkina Faso

13 Africa: Sub-Saharan 257 Burundi

13 Africa: Sub-Saharan 225 Cote d'lvoire

13 Africa: Sub-Saharan 240 Equatorial Guinea

13 Africa: Sub-Saharan 241 Gabonese Republic

13 Africa: Sub-Saharan 220 Gambia

13 Africa: Sub-Saharan 233 Ghana

13 Africa: Sub-Saharan 224 Guinea

13 Africa: Sub-Saharan 245 Guinea-Bissau

13 Africa: Sub-Saharan 231 Liberia

13 Africa: Sub-Saharan 261 Madagascar

13 Africa: Sub-Saharan 265 Malawi

13 Africa: Sub-Saharan 223 Mali

13 Africa: Sub-Saharan 222 Mauritania

13 Africa: Sub-Saharan 258 Mozambique

13 Africa: Sub-Saharan 227 Niger

13 Africa: Sub-Saharan 234 Nigeria

13 Africa: Sub-Saharan 250 Rwanda

13 Africa: Sub-Saharan 239 Sao Tome & Principe

13 Africa: Sub-Saharan 221 Senegal

13 Africa: Sub-Saharan 232 Sierra Leone

13 Africa: Sub-Saharan 255 Tanzania/Zanzibar

13 Africa: Sub-Saharan 228 Togo

13 Africa: Sub-Saharan 256 Uganda

13 Africa: Sub-Saharan 260 Zambia

13 Africa: Sub-Saharan 263 Zimbabwe

13 Africa: Sub-Saharan 229 Benin

13 Africa: Sub-Saharan 237 Cameroon

13 Africa: Sub-Saharan 238 Cape Verde Islands

13 Africa: Sub-Saharan 236 Central African Republic

13 Africa: Sub-Saharan 235 Chad

Schedule 6-1

Region

Code Region Name Country 

Code Country
Name

13 Africa: Sub-Saharan 269 Comoros

13 Africa: Sub-Saharan 242 Congo-Brazzaville

13 Africa: Sub-Saharan 243 Congo-Kinshasa

3 Americas: Andean 591 Bolivia

3 Americas: Andean 57 Colombia

3 Americas: Andean 593 Ecuador

3 Americas: Andean 51 Peru

3 Americas: Andean 58 Venezuela

4 Americas: Mercosur and Southern Cone 54 Argentina

4 Americas: Mercosur and Southern Cone 55 Brazil

4 Americas: Mercosur and Southern Cone 56 Chile

4 Americas: Mercosur and Southern Cone 595 Paraguay

4 Americas: Mercosur and Southern Cone 598 Uruguay

1 Americas: Mexico 52 Mexico

2 Americas: Other Central and Caribbean 1264 Anguilla

2 Americas: Other Central and Caribbean 1268 Antigua

2 Americas: Other Central and Caribbean 1242 Bahamas

2 Americas: Other Central and Caribbean 246 Barbados

2 Americas: Other Central and Caribbean 501 Belize

2 Americas: Other Central and Caribbean 441 Bermuda

2 Americas: Other Central and Caribbean 284 British Virgin Islands

2 Americas: Other Central and Caribbean 345 Cayman Islands

2 Americas: Other Central and Caribbean 506 Costa Rica

2 Americas: Other Central and Caribbean 809 Dominican Republic

2 Americas: Other Central and Caribbean 503 El Salvador

2 Americas: Other Central and Caribbean 473 Grenada

2 Americas: Other Central and Caribbean 590 Guadeloupe

2 Americas: Other Central and Caribbean 502 Guatemala

2 Americas: Other Central and Caribbean 504 Honduras

2 Americas: Other Central and Caribbean 876 Jamaica

Schedule 6-2

Region 

Code Region
Name Country 

Code Country Name

2 Americas: Other Central and Caribbean 596 Martinique

2 Americas: Other Central and Caribbean 505 Nicaragua

2 Americas: Other Central and Caribbean 507 Panama

2 Americas: Other Central and Caribbean 869 St. Kitts/Nevis

2 Americas: Other Central and Caribbean 758 St. Lucia

2 Americas: Other Central and Caribbean 784 St. Vincent & Grenadines

2 Americas: Other Central and Caribbean 597 Suriname

2 Americas: Other Central and Caribbean 868 Trinidad& Tobago

2 Americas: Other Central and Caribbean 649 Turks & Caicos

2 Americas: Other Central and Caribbean 297 Aruba

2 Americas: Other Central and Caribbean 53 Cuba

2 Americas: Other Central and Caribbean 599 Curacao

2 Americas: Other Central and Caribbean 767 Dominica

2 Americas: Other Central and Caribbean 594 French Guiana

2 Americas: Other Central and Caribbean 592 Guyana

2 Americas: Other Central and Caribbean 509 Haiti

2 Americas: Other Central and Caribbean 664 Montserrat

101 Americas: U.S. and Canada 2 Canada

101 Americas: U.S. and Canada 1 USA

7 Asia: China, Hong Kong, Taiwan 86 China

7 Asia: China, Hong Kong, Taiwan 852 Hong Kong

7 Asia: China, Hong Kong, Taiwan 886 Taiwan

5 Asia: India, Pakistan and Afghanistan 93 Afghanistan

5 Asia: India, Pakistan and Afghanistan 91 India

5 Asia: India, Pakistan and Afghanistan 92 Pakistan

6 Asia: Other South 880 Bangladesh

6 Asia: Other South 975 Bhutan

6 Asia: Other South 960 Maldives

6 Asia: Other South 977 Nepal

6 Asia: Other South 94 Sri Lanka

8 Asia: Southeast, Korea and Japan 673 Brunei

8 Asia: Southeast, Korea and Japan 855 Cambodia

Schedule 6-3

Region 

Code Region Name Country 

Code Country Name

8 Asia: Southeast, Korea and Japan 62 Indonesia

8 Asia: Southeast, Korea and Japan 81 Japan

8 Asia: Southeast, Korea and Japan 856 Laos

8 Asia: Southeast, Korea and Japan 60 Malaysia

8 Asia: Southeast, Korea and Japan 95 Myanmar

8 Asia: Southeast, Korea and Japan 850 North Korea

8 Asia: Southeast, Korea and Japan 63 Philippines

8 Asia: Southeast, Korea and Japan 65 Singapore

8 Asia: Southeast, Korea and Japan 82 South Korea

8 Asia: Southeast, Korea and Japan 66 Thailand

8 Asia: Southeast, Korea and Japan 84 Vietnam

8 Asia: Southeast, Korea and Japan 670 East Timor

105 Asia-Pacific: Australia and New Zealand 61 Australia

105 Asia-Pacific: Australia and New Zealand 682 Cook Islands

105 Asia-Pacific: Australia and New Zealand 64 New Zealand

9 Asia-Pacific: Islands 679 Fiji

9 Asia-Pacific: Islands 689 French Polynesia

9 Asia-Pacific: Islands 686 Kiribati

9 Asia-Pacific: Islands 691 Micronesia

9 Asia-Pacific: Islands 674 Nauru

9 Asia-Pacific: Islands 687 New Caledonia

9 Asia-Pacific: Islands 680 Palau

9 Asia-Pacific: Islands 675 Papua New Guinea

9 Asia-Pacific: Islands 685 Samoa

9 Asia-Pacific: Islands 677 Solomon Islands

9 Asia-Pacific: Islands 676 Tonga

9 Asia-Pacific: Islands 688 Tuvalu

9 Asia-Pacific: Islands 678 Vanuatu

15 Europe: Central 420 Czech Republic

15 Europe: Central 372 Estonia

15 Europe: Central 36 Hungary

15 Europe: Central 371 Latvia

15 Europe: Central 370 Lithuania

15 Europe: Central 48 Poland

15 Europe: Central 421 Slovak Republic

16 Europe: Eastern 355 Albania

16 Europe: Eastern 387 Bosnia and Herzegovina

16 Europe: Eastern 359 Bulgaria

16 Europe: Eastern 385 Croatia

16 Europe: Eastern 383 Kosovo

16 Europe: Eastern 389 Macedonia

16 Europe: Eastern 382 Montenegro

16 Europe: Eastern 40 Romania

16 Europe. Eastern 381 Serbia

16 Europe: Eastern 90 Turkey

14 Europe: Russia & CIS 374 Armenia

14 Europe: Russia & CIS 994 Azerbaijan

14 Europe: Russia & CIS 375 Belarus

14 Europe: Russia & CIS 995 Georgia

Schedule 6-4

Region 

Code Region Name Country 

Code Country Name

14 Europe: Russia & CIS 8 Kazakhstan

14 Europe: Russia & CIS 996 Kyrgyzstan

14 Europe: Russia & CIS 373 Moldova

14 Europe: Russia & CIS 976 Mongolia

14 Europe: Russia & CIS 7 Russia

14 Europe: Russia & CIS 992 Tajikistan

14 Europe: Russia & CIS 993 Turkmenistan

14 Europe: Russia & CIS 380 Ukraine

14 Europe: Russia & CIS 998 Uzbekistan

102 Europe: Western 376 Andorra

102 Europe: Western 43 Austria

102 Europe: Western 32 Belgium

102 Europe: Western 357 Cyprus

102 Europe: Western 45 Denmark

102 Europe: Western 358 Finland

102 Europe: Western 33 France

102 Europe: Western 49 Germany

102 Europe: Western 30 Greece

102 Europe: Western 354 Iceland

102 Europe: Western 353 Ireland

102 Europe: Western 101 Isle of Man

102 Europe: Western 39 Italy

102 Europe: Western 102 Liechtenstein

102 Europe: Western 352 Luxembourg

102 Europe: Western 356 Malta

102 Europe: Western 377 Monaco

102 Europe: Western 31 Netherlands

102 Europe: Western 47 Norway

102 Europe: Western 351 Portugal

102 Europe: Western 386 Slovenia

102 Europe: Western 34 Spain

102 Europe: Western 46 Sweden

102 Europe: Western 41 Switzerland

102 Europe: Western 44 United Kingdom

10 Middle East: Gulf States 973 Bahrain

10 Middle East: Gulf States 98 Iran

10 Middle East: Gulf States 964 Iraq

10 Middle East: Gulf States 965 Kuwait

10 Middle East: Gulf States 968 Oman

10 Middle East: Gulf States 974 Qatar

10 Middle East: Gulf States 966 Saudi Arabia

10 Middle East: Gulf States 971 United Arab Emirates

10 Middle East: Gulf States 967 Yemen

11 Middle East: MENA 213 Algeria

11 Middle East: MENA 20 Egypt

11 Middle East: MENA 972 Israel

11 Middle East: MENA 962 Jordan

11 Middle East: MENA 961 Lebanon

11 Middle East: MENA 212 Morocco

11 Middle East: MENA 970 Palestinian Settlements

11 Middle East: MENA 963 Syrian Arab Republic

11 Middle East: MENA 216 Tunisia

Schedule 6-5

Region 

Code Region Name Country

Code Country Name

11 Middle East: MENA 1212 Western Sahara

Middle East: MENA 218 Libya

Schedule 6-6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm2511364d1_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

EXECUTION VERSION

LOAN SALE AGREEMENT

by and between

KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC,

as the Purchaser

and

FS KKR CAPITAL CORP.,

as the Seller

Dated as of March 28, 2025

Table
of Contents

Page

ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS 1

Section 1.1. General 1

Section 1.2. Specific Terms 2

Section 1.3. Other Terms 3

Section 1.4. Computation of Time Periods 4

ARTICLE II. SALE AND PURCHASE OF THE CONVEYED COLLATERAL 4

Section 2.1. Sale and Purchase of the Conveyed Collateral 4

Section 2.2. Purchase Price 6

Section 2.3. Affiliate Participation Interests 6

Section 2.4. Nature of the Sales 8

Section 2.5. [Reserved] 9

Section 2.6. Delivery of Documents 9

ARTICLE III. CONDITIONS OF SALE AND PURCHASE 9

Section 3.1. Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness 9

Section 3.2. Conditions Precedent to Purchase 10

ARTICLE IV. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 10

Section 4.1. Representations and Warranties of the Seller 10

Section 4.2. Representations and Warranties of the Seller Relating to the Agreement and the 12

Section 4.3. Representations and Warranties of the Purchaser 13

ARTICLE V. COVENANTS OF THE PURCHASER 15

Section 5.1. Covenants of Purchaser Regarding Affiliate Transactions 15

Section 5.2. Separateness 15

ARTICLE VI. ADDITIONAL RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS IN RESPECT OF THE CONVEYED COLLATERAL 15

Section 6.1. Rights of the Purchaser 15

ARTICLE VII. OPTION TO REPURCHASE AND SUBSTITUTE CONVEYED COLLATERAL 15

Section 7.1. Sellers Optional Right to Repurchase Conveyed Collateral 15

Section 7.2. Reassignment of Substituted or Repurchased Collateral Obligations 15

i

Table
of Contents

(continued)

Page

ARTICLE VIII. MISCELLANEOUS 16

Section 8.1. Amendments; Limited Agency 16

Section 8.2. Waivers; Cumulative Remedies 16

Section 8.3. Notices 16

Section 8.4. Severability of Provisions 16

Section 8.5. GOVERNING LAW; JURY WAIVER 16

Section 8.6. Counterparts 17

Section 8.7. Bankruptcy Non-Petition and Limited Recourse; Claims 17

Section 8.8. Binding Effect; Assignability 17

Section 8.9. Headings and Exhibits 18

Section 8.10. Third-Party Beneficiaries 18

ii

SCHEDULES AND EXHIBITS

Schedule I - Sale Portfolio List

iii

LOAN SALE AGREEMENT

THIS LOAN SALE AGREEMENT,
dated as of March 28, 2025, by and between FS KKR CAPITAL CORP., a Maryland corporation, as the seller (the Seller)
and KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as the purchaser (the Purchaser).

W
I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS,
on the Closing Date and from time to time thereafter on each applicable Cut-Off Date, the Purchaser will purchase, acquire
and take from the Seller, and the Seller will sell, transfer, assign, contribute, set over and otherwise convey to the Purchaser, without
recourse except as expressly provided herein, certain Collateral Obligations (or, if such acquisition is not able to be effected on the
Cut-Off Date, to acquire an undivided 100% participation interest therein until such sale is effected) listed on the Sale Portfolio List,
together with certain related property as more fully described as the Assets in that certain indenture and security agreement,
dated as of the Closing Date (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time pursuant to the terms thereof,
the Indenture), by and between the Purchaser, as Issuer, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as collateral
trustee (in such capacity, the Trustee), all pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth herein; and

WHEREAS, the settlement of
the acquisition of certain of the Collateral Obligations may occur solely for administrative convenience pursuant to and in accordance
with one or more participation agreements (each, a Master Participation Agreement) between the Purchaser and each
applicable Participation Seller, whereby the Participation Seller will from time to time (i) grant to the Purchaser an undivided
participation interest in certain of the Collateral Obligations (which shall constitute Affiliate Participation Interests
as described in the Indenture) and (ii) thereafter cause such participation interest to be elevated to an outright assignment by
delivering an assignment of the related Collateral Obligation to the Purchaser such that the Purchaser becomes record owner of such Collateral
Obligation.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises and the mutual agreements hereinafter contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE I.

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.1. General.
The specific terms defined in this Article include the plural as well as the singular. Words herein importing a gender include the
other gender. References herein to writing include printing, typing, lithography and other means of reproducing words in
visible form. References to agreements and other contractual instruments include all subsequent amendments thereto or changes therein
entered into in accordance with their respective terms and not prohibited by this Agreement or the Indenture (as hereinafter defined).
References herein to Persons include their successors and assigns permitted hereunder or under the Indenture. The terms include
or including mean include without limitation or including without limitation. The words herein,
hereof and hereunder and other words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any
particular Article, Section or other subdivision, and Article, Section, Schedule and Exhibit references, unless otherwise specified,
refer to Articles and Sections of and Schedules and Exhibits to this Agreement. References to any applicable law means such applicable
law as amended, modified, codified, replaced or reenacted, in whole or in part, and in effect from time to time, including rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder, and reference to any Section or other provision of any applicable law means that provision of
such applicable law from time to time in effect and constituting the substantive amendment, modification, codification, replacement or
reenactment of such Section or other provision. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings
assigned to such terms in the Indenture (as hereinafter defined); provided that, if, within such definition in the Indenture a
further term is used which is defined herein, then such further term shall have the meaning given to such further term herein.

Section 1.2. Specific
Terms. Whenever used in this Agreement, the following words and phrases, unless the context otherwise requires, shall have the following
meanings:

Agreement
means this Loan Sale Agreement, as the same may be amended, restated, waived, supplemented and/or otherwise modified from time to time
hereafter.

Assignment Effective
Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6(b).

Conveyed Collateral
means the Collateral Obligations (and any participations therein, including without limitation, the Affiliate Participation Interests)
listed on the Sale Portfolio List and related Assets.

Cut-Off Date
means any Business Day, including the Closing Date or, in the case of an Affiliate Participation Interest, the applicable Assignment Effective
Date on which any Conveyed Collateral is acquired by the Purchaser pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

Elevation
means, with respect to each Affiliate Participation Interest, such Affiliate Participation Interest is elevated to an assignment.

Excluded Amounts
means, with respect to any Conveyed Collateral: (a) any amount received by, on or with respect to such Conveyed Collateral, which
amount is attributable to the payment of any tax, fee or other charge imposed by any Governmental Authority on a Collateral Obligation
included therein, (b) any amount representing escrows relating to taxes, insurance and other amounts in connection with any Collateral
Obligation which is held in an escrow account for the benefit of the related Obligor and the secured party pursuant to escrow arrangements,
(c) any accrued and unpaid interest on any Collateral Obligation with respect to the period of time prior to and excluding the Closing
Date and (d) any Equity Security related to any Collateral Obligation that the Seller determines will not be transferred by the Transferor
in connection with the Sale of any related Collateral Obligation hereunder.

Income Collections
has the meaning specified in Section 2.1(b).

Indenture
has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

2

Master Participation
Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Participation Seller
means the seller of an Affiliate Participation Interest; provided that, each such seller shall satisfy the applicable criteria
set forth in the definition of Affiliate Participation Interest in the Indenture.

Permitted Liens
means, with respect to any Conveyed Collateral: (i) security interests, liens and other encumbrances created pursuant to the Transaction
Documents, (ii) with respect to agented Collateral Obligations, security interests, liens and other encumbrances in favor of the
lead agent, the collateral agent or the paying agent on behalf of all holders of indebtedness of such Obligor under the related facility,
(iii) with respect to any Equity Security, any security interests, liens and other encumbrances granted on such Equity Security to
secure indebtedness of the related Obligor and/or any security interests, liens and other rights or encumbrances granted under any governing
documents or other agreement between or among or binding upon the Purchaser as the holder of equity in such Obligor and (iv) security
interests, liens and other encumbrances, if any, which have priority over first priority perfected security interests in the Collateral
Obligations or any portion thereof under the UCC or any other applicable law.

Purchase
means a purchase by the Purchaser of Conveyed Collateral from the Seller pursuant to Article II.

Purchase Price
has the meaning specified in Section 2.2.

Purchaser
has the meaning specified in the Preamble.

Sale
and Sell have the meanings specified in Section 2.1(a), and the term Sold shall
have the corresponding meaning.

Sale Portfolio List
means the list of Collateral Obligations that are Sold by the Transferor to the Issuer on a Cut-Off Date, as set forth on Schedule
I hereto, which is incorporated herein by reference, as such schedule may be supplemented and amended from time to time pursuant to
the terms hereof.

Seller
has the meaning specified in the Preamble.

Signature Law
has the meaning specified in Section 8.6.

Transfer Taxes
means any tax, fee or governmental charge payable by the Purchaser, the Seller or any other Person to any federal, state or local government
arising from or otherwise related to the Sale of any Collateral Obligation, the related Underlying Instruments (if any) and/or any other
related Assets from the Seller to the Purchaser under this Agreement (excluding taxes measured by net income).

Trustee
has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Section 1.3. Other
Terms. All accounting terms used but not specifically defined herein shall be construed in accordance with GAAP. All terms used in
Article 9 of the UCC in the State of New York, and used but not specifically defined herein, are used herein as defined in such
Article 9.

3

Section 1.4. Computation
of Time Periods. Unless otherwise stated in this Agreement, in the computation of a period of time from a specified date to a later
specified date, the word from means from and including and the words to and until
each mean to but excluding. Reference to days or days without further qualification means calendar days. Reference to any
time means New York, New York time.

ARTICLE II.

SALE
AND PURCHASE OF THE CONVEYED COLLATERAL

Section 2.1. Sale
and Purchase of the Conveyed Collateral.

(a) Subject
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, on the Closing Date and each other applicable Cut-Off Date thereafter (including, for the
avoidance of doubt, in the case of each Affiliate Participation Interest, the applicable Assignment Effective Date), the Seller hereby
sells, transfers, contributes, assigns and/or otherwise conveys (collectively, Sell and any such sale, transfer,
contribution, assignment and/or other conveyance, a Sale) to the Purchaser, without recourse, and the Purchaser hereby
purchases and acquires from the Seller all right, title and interest (whether now owned or hereafter acquired or arising, and wherever
located) of the Seller (including all obligations of the Seller as lender to fund any Revolving Collateral Obligation or Delayed Drawdown
Collateral Obligation conveyed by the Seller to the Purchaser hereunder which obligations the Purchaser hereby assumes) in and to the
Conveyed Collateral delivered by the Seller to the Purchaser for a purchase price on the applicable Cut-Off Date equal to the Purchase
Price with respect thereto, as set forth in Section 2.2. Each of the Seller and the Purchaser hereby acknowledges that each
Sale to the Purchaser and each Purchase from the Seller hereunder is absolute and irrevocable, without reservation or retention of any
interest whatsoever by the Seller.

(b) It
is understood and agreed by the parties hereto that certain of the Collateral Obligations being transferred hereunder from the Seller
to the Purchaser are not expected to settle on the applicable Cut-Off Date. Therefore, in order to grant the economic benefits associated
with such Collateral Obligations to the Purchaser on the applicable Cut-Off Date, (i) the Seller agrees to sell, transfer, assign,
set over and otherwise convey to the Purchaser, without recourse except to the extent specifically provided herein, and the Purchaser
agrees to purchase from the Seller, a 100% undivided participation interest (which shall constitute an Affiliate Participation
Interest as described in the Indenture) in the Sellers interest in each applicable Collateral Obligation listed on the Sale
Portfolio List as may be updated from time to time, which interest shall be understood to include all the Sellers right, title,
benefit and interest in and to any interest accruing from and after the applicable Cut-Off Date, any payments, proceeds or other distributions
to the extent provided in Section 2.3 (the Income Collections), the legal title to which is held by the
Seller and (ii) the Purchaser hereby acquires the Affiliate Participation Interests and assumes and agrees to perform and comply
with all assumed obligations of the Seller with respect thereto. The parties hereby agree to treat each transfer of the Affiliate Participation
Interests by the Seller to the Purchaser as a sale and purchase on all of their respective relevant books and records. For administrative
convenience, any Conveyed Collateral held by any Participation Seller on the applicable Cut-Off Date may be transferred directly from
such Participation Seller to the Purchaser, but such Conveyed Collateral shall be deemed to have been conveyed by the Participation Seller
to the Seller, and Sold by the Seller to the Purchaser hereunder.

4

(c) The
Seller and the Purchaser hereby acknowledge and agree that (i) the conveyance of the Affiliate Participation Interests is being effectuated
pursuant to this Agreement and each Master Participation Agreement instead of an assignment of the Sellers legal interest in and
title to each of the Affiliate Participation Interests (the transfer to the Purchaser of which will not be effective until the individual
assignments of each Affiliate Participation Interest become effective) because the conditions precedent under the related Underlying Instruments
to the transfer, assignment and conveyance of the Sellers (which may be effected by direct transfer from the applicable Participation
Seller to the Purchaser for administrative convenience) legal interest in and title to the Affiliate Participation Interests may not otherwise
be fully satisfied as of the applicable Cut-Off Date and (ii) the conveyance of the Affiliate Participation Interests hereunder shall
have the consequence that the Seller does not have an equitable interest in the Affiliate Participation Interests and the Purchaser holds
100% of the equitable interest in the Affiliate Participation Interests. The Purchaser has prepared, or will prepare on or following the
applicable Cut-Off Date, to the extent applicable, individual assignments consistent with the requirements of the related Underlying Instruments
and provide them to the Persons required under such Underlying Instruments, which assignments will become effective in accordance with
such Underlying Instruments upon obtaining certain consents thereto or upon the passage of time or both. Upon receipt by the Seller or
the Purchaser of the effective assignment of any Affiliate Participation Interest participated pursuant to this Section 2.1,
the Seller, for value received, hereby Sells to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser hereby Purchases from the Seller all of the Sellers
right, title and interest in, to and under such Affiliate Participation Interest.

(d) On
the related Cut-Off Date, in connection with each Sale of any Conveyed Collateral hereunder, the Purchaser hereby directs the Seller to,
and the Seller agrees that it will, Deliver or cause to be Delivered to the Custodian (with a copy to the Trustee) in accordance with
the Indenture (on behalf of the Purchaser), the Underlying Instruments and other Assets related to the Collateral Obligations that are
a part of such Conveyed Collateral being Sold by the Seller.

(e) In
connection with the Purchase by the Purchaser of the Conveyed Collateral as contemplated by this Agreement, the Seller further agrees
that it shall, at its own expense, indicate clearly and unambiguously in its computer files and its financial statements that such Conveyed
Collateral has been purchased by the Purchaser in accordance with this Agreement.

(f) The
Seller further agrees to deliver to the Purchaser on or before the Closing Date a computer file containing a Sale Portfolio List that
is true, accurate and complete in all material respects as of the Closing Date, identified by the related Obligors name and Principal
Balance as of the related Closing Date. Such files or lists shall be the Sale Portfolio List as such schedule may be supplemented and
amended from time to time, and shall be delivered to the Purchaser as confidential and proprietary.

(g) For
administrative convenience, (i) Collateral Obligations (including Affiliate Participation Interests therein) being transferred from
a Participation Seller to the Seller and then from the Seller to the Purchaser may transfer and/or settle directly from the applicable
Participation Seller to the Purchaser pursuant to the terms of the applicable Master Participation Agreement and (ii) any of the
steps or transfers of cash or assets pursuant to this Agreement or any Master Participation Agreement may be made on a net basis (and
any amounts owing by one party may be offset by amounts owed to such party, and vice versa). The parties hereto acknowledge and agree
that any amount paid in cash by the Purchaser to the Participation Seller pursuant to a Master Participation Agreement on account of its
purchase of a participation interest in a Conveyed Asset shall be treated for all purposes hereunder as if such amount had been paid by
the Purchaser to the Seller, in partial or full satisfaction of its obligation to pay the purchase price of such Conveyed Asset.

5

Section 2.2. Purchase
Price. The purchase price for each Collateral Obligation Sold pursuant to this Agreement shall be equal to the value thereof as determined
in good faith by the board of directors of the Seller (no less frequently than on a quarterly basis) in accordance with the Investment
Company Act (but in no event less than fair market value) and relevant inputs (the Purchase Price). The Purchase
Price shall consist of cash paid by the Purchaser to the Seller on the applicable Cut-Off Date. To the extent that such cash so paid
with respect to any Conveyed Collateral on the applicable Cut-Off Date is less than the Purchase Price, the difference shall be deemed
a capital contribution from the Seller to the Purchaser, applied on the applicable Cut-Off Date. For all purposes of this Agreement,
any contributed Conveyed Collateral shall be treated the same as the Conveyed Collateral that may be Sold for cash or other property.

Section 2.3. Affiliate
Participation Interests.

(a) With
respect to each Affiliate Participation Interest, the Purchaser shall acquire all rights to Income Collections, which, for the avoidance
of doubt, shall not include any Excluded Amounts.

(b) If
at any time after the applicable Cut-Off Date the Seller receives any Income Collections, the Seller shall deliver such Income Collections
promptly to the Purchaser. If at any time after the applicable Cut-Off Date the Seller receives any other payment (including principal,
interest (to the extent relating to the period from and after the Closing Date) or any other amount) with respect to an Affiliate Participation
Interest, the Seller shall deliver such payment promptly to the Purchaser, and in the case of any such payment of interest, the Seller
shall provide a written notice to the Purchaser at the time of such delivery setting forth calculations and certifying as to the portion
of any interest received that relates to the period from and after the applicable Cut-Off Date.

(c) Without
limiting the foregoing, the Seller agrees (and, pursuant to each Master Participation Agreement, each applicable Participation Seller
has agreed) (i) until the Elevation of each Affiliate Participation Interest has been completed, to maintain its existing custodial
arrangements and bank accounts established to receive proceeds of such Affiliate Participation Interest and (ii) to remit (or cause
to be remitted) to the Purchaser, promptly (but not more than three Business Days) after receipt of such payment and identification thereof,
each payment received in connection with each Affiliate Participation Interest to which the Purchaser is entitled in accordance with Section 2.1
(which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Excluded Amounts). The Seller acknowledges that from and after the applicable
Cut-Off Date it shall have no equitable or beneficial interest in any payment received by it with respect to any Affiliate Participation
Interest (other than any accrued and unpaid interest with respect to the period of time prior to and excluding the applicable Cut-Off
Date). If the Seller modifies or amends (or directs the modification or amendment of) the standing instructions delivered to the Sellers
custodian (or such other applicable custodian if not the Sellers custodian) on the date hereof in connection with this clause
(c), the Seller shall notify the Purchaser of such modification or amendment.

6

(d) Subject
to the terms and provisions of the applicable Affiliate Participation Interest and of applicable law, the Seller shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to effect an Elevation, as soon as reasonably practicable, with respect to each such Affiliate Participation Interest
and take such action (including the execution and delivery of any transfer document or assignment agreement (or, in the case of any Underlying
Instrument that is in the form of a note, any chain of endorsement)) as shall be mutually agreeable in connection therewith and in accordance
with the terms and conditions of each such Affiliate Participation Interest and consistent with the terms of this Agreement. The Seller
shall pay any transfer fees and other expenses payable in connection with an Elevation and the Purchaser will reimburse the Seller for
half of such fees and expenses after receipt of an invoice therefor from the Seller detailing such amounts. The Purchaser shall be responsible
for any expenses of administering each Affiliate Participation Interest prior to its Elevation. At Elevation, the Seller shall deliver
such assignment and the credit documentation with respect to the related Affiliate Participation Interest in its possession to or as directed
by the Purchaser.

(e) If
the Seller has not effected an Elevation of an Affiliate Participation Interest on or before the day that is 120 days from the applicable
Cut-Off Date for whatever reason or if at any time prior thereto the Seller is dissolved prior to effecting an Elevation, the Seller and
the Purchaser hereby agree (and, pursuant to each Master Participation Agreement, the Seller and each Participation Seller will agree)
that each of the Affiliate Participation Interests shall elevate automatically and immediately to an assignment and all of the Sellers
(or, with respect to any Collateral Obligations held by a Participation Seller as of the applicable Cut-Off Date, such Participation Sellers)
rights, title, interests and ownership of such Affiliate Participation Interests shall vest in the Purchaser. The Seller agrees that,
following any such date, the Purchaser shall be permitted to take any and all action necessary to effectuate an Elevation and/or finalize
an assignment of any of the Affiliate Participation Interests, and in furtherance of the foregoing, effective immediately upon such date,
the Seller hereby makes, constitutes and appoints the Purchaser, with full power of substitution, as its true and lawful agent and attorney-in-fact,
with full power and authority in its name, place and stead, to sign, execute, certify, swear to, acknowledge, deliver, file, receive and
record any and all documents that the Purchaser reasonably deems appropriate or necessary in connection with any Elevation or finalization
of an assignment of any of the Affiliate Participation Interests. In addition, the Seller, effective as of the date hereof, hereby makes,
constitutes and appoints the Purchaser, with full power of substitution, as its true and lawful agent and attorney-in-fact, with full
power and authority in its name, place and stead, to sign, execute, certify, swear to, acknowledge, deliver, file, receive and record
any and all documents that the Purchaser reasonably deems appropriate or necessary to direct the Obligor or agent bank with respect to
any Affiliate Participation Interest to deposit Income Collections directly into an account designated by the Purchaser. The foregoing
powers of attorney are hereby declared to be irrevocable and a power coupled with an interest, and shall survive and not be affected by
the bankruptcy or insolvency or dissolution of the Seller.

7

Section 2.4. Nature
of the Sales.

(a) It
is the express intent of the parties hereto that the Sale of the Conveyed Collateral by the Seller to the Purchaser hereunder be, and
be treated for all purposes (other than for accounting and tax purposes) as an absolute sale by the Seller (free and clear of any lien,
security interest, charge or encumbrance other than Permitted Liens) of such Conveyed Collateral. It is, further, not the intention of
the parties that such Sale be deemed a pledge of any such Conveyed Collateral by the Seller to the Purchaser to secure a debt or other
obligation of the Seller. However, in the event that, notwithstanding the intent of the parties, any such Conveyed Collateral is held
to continue to be property of the Seller, then the parties hereto agree that: (i) this Agreement shall also be deemed to be, and
hereby is, a security agreement within the meaning of Article 9 of the UCC; (ii) the Sale of any such Conveyed
Collateral provided for in this Agreement shall be deemed to be a grant by the Seller to the Purchaser of a first priority security interest
(subject only to Permitted Liens) in all of the Sellers right, title and interest in and to such Conveyed Collateral and all amounts
payable to the holders of the Conveyed Collateral in accordance with the terms thereof and all proceeds of the conversion, voluntary or
involuntary, of the foregoing into cash, instruments, securities or other property, whether in the form of cash, instruments, securities
or other property, to secure the prompt and complete payment of a loan deemed to have been made in an amount equal to the aggregate Purchase
Price of such Conveyed Collateral together with all of the other obligations of the Seller hereunder; (iii) the possession by the
Purchaser (or the Custodian on behalf of the Trustee, for the benefit of the Secured Parties) of such Conveyed Collateral and such other
items of property as constitute instruments, money, negotiable documents or chattel paper shall be, subject to clause (iv), for purposes
of perfecting the security interest pursuant to the UCC; and (iv) acknowledgements from Persons holding such property shall be deemed
acknowledgements from custodians, bailees or agents (as applicable) of the Purchaser for the purpose of perfecting such security interest
under applicable law. The parties further agree in such event that any assignment of the interest of the Purchaser pursuant to any provision
hereof shall also be deemed to be an assignment of any security interest created pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Each of the
Seller and the Purchaser shall, to the extent consistent with this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, take such actions as
may be necessary to ensure that, if this Agreement were deemed to create a security interest in any Conveyed Collateral, such security
interest would be deemed to be a perfected security interest of first priority (subject only to Permitted Liens) under applicable law
and will be maintained as such throughout the term of this Agreement. The Purchaser shall have, in addition to the rights and remedies
which it may have under this Agreement, all other rights and remedies provided to a secured creditor under the UCC and other applicable
law, which rights and remedies shall be cumulative.

(b) It
is the intention of each of the parties hereto that any Conveyed Collateral Sold by the Seller to the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement
shall constitute assets owned by the Purchaser and shall not be part of the Sellers estate in the event of the filing of a bankruptcy
petition by or against the Seller under any bankruptcy or similar law.

8

(c) The
Purchaser agrees to treat, and shall cause the Seller to treat, for all purposes (other than for accounting and tax purposes), the transactions
effected by this Agreement as sales of assets to the Purchaser.

Section 2.5. [Reserved].

Section 2.6. Delivery
of Documents.

(a) The
Seller and the Purchaser acknowledge and agree that, solely for administrative convenience, any transfer document or assignment agreement
(or, in the case of any Underlying Instrument that is in the form of a note, any chain of endorsement) required to be executed and delivered
in connection with the transfer of a Collateral Obligation in accordance with the terms of any related Underlying Instruments may reflect
that (i) the Seller or an affiliate or subsidiary of the Seller (or any third party from whom the Seller or such affiliate or subsidiary,
as applicable, may purchase a Collateral Obligation) is assigning such Collateral Obligation directly to the Purchaser or (ii) the
Purchaser is acquiring such Collateral Obligation at the closing of such Collateral Obligation. Nothing in any such transfer document
or assignment agreement (or, in the case of any Underlying Instrument that is in the form of a note, nothing in such chain of endorsement)
shall be deemed to impair the transfers of the Collateral Obligations (including participations therein) by the Seller to the Purchaser
in accordance with the terms of the applicable Master Participation Agreement and this Agreement, respectively.

(b) In
furtherance of the foregoing, on or after the Closing Date, each applicable Participation Seller has entered, or will enter into, a Master
Participation Agreement with the Seller, in each case, to grant to the Seller (which may be transferred directly to the Purchaser for
administrative convenience) the Affiliate Participation Interests in the initial Collateral Obligations to be conveyed thereunder, respectively.
Individual assignments (or a master assignment) shall be prepared consistent with the requirements of the related Underlying Instruments
and shall be provided to the Persons required under such Underlying Instruments, which assignments shall become effective in accordance
with such Underlying Instruments upon obtaining certain consents thereto or upon the passage of time or both. Each Participation Seller
(pursuant to the applicable Master Participation Agreement) has agreed or will agree, and the Seller and the Purchaser hereby agree, to
use their commercially reasonable efforts to effect an Elevation with respect to each applicable Affiliate Participation Interest as soon
as reasonably practicable (and in any event on or prior to the day that is 120 days following the applicable Cut-Off Date). Upon receipt
by the Seller or the applicable Participation Seller of the effective assignment (the Assignment Effective Date),
each Affiliate Participation Interest shall be elevated to an assignment such that the Purchaser is the named lender party in respect
of the related Collateral Obligation under the applicable Underlying Instrument.

ARTICLE III.

CONDITIONS
OF SALE AND PURCHASE

Section 3.1. Conditions
Precedent to Effectiveness. This Agreement shall be effective upon the receipt by the Purchaser of a copy of this Agreement duly
executed by each of the parties hereto.

9

Section 3.2. Conditions
Precedent to Purchase. The Purchase to take place on the applicable Cut-Off Date shall be subject to the satisfaction of the conditions
precedent that the Purchaser shall have received a duly completed Sale Portfolio List, which is true, accurate and complete in all material
respects as of the applicable Cut-Off Date, which Sale Portfolio List is made part of, and incorporated by reference in, this Agreement.

ARTICLE IV.

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES

Section 4.1. Representations
and Warranties of the Seller. The Seller makes the following representations and warranties, on which the Purchaser relies in acquiring
the Conveyed Collateral Purchased hereunder and each of the Secured Parties relies upon in entering into the Indenture or any Class A
Credit Agreement or acquiring any Debt. As of the applicable Cut-Off Date (unless a specific date is specified below), the Seller represents
and warrants to the Purchaser for the benefit of the Purchaser and each of its successors and assigns that:

(a) Organization
and Good Standing. The Seller has been duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of
the State of Maryland, with all requisite corporate power and authority to own or lease its properties and to conduct its business as
such business is presently conducted, and had at all relevant times, and now has, all necessary power, authority and legal right to acquire
and own the Conveyed Collateral and to Sell such Conveyed Collateral to the Purchaser hereunder.

(b) Due
Qualification. The Seller is duly qualified to do business and has obtained all necessary licenses and approvals, in all jurisdictions
in which the ownership or lease of its property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, licenses and/or approvals
as required in each jurisdiction in which the failure to be so qualified or obtain such license or approval, as applicable, is likely
to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(c) Power
and Authority; Due Authorization; Execution and Delivery. The Seller (i) has all necessary corporate power, authority and legal
right to (a) execute and deliver this Agreement, (b) carry out the terms of this Agreement and (ii) has duly authorized
by all necessary corporate action the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the sale and assignment of an ownership
interest in the Conveyed Collateral on the terms and conditions herein provided. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by
the Seller.

(d) Valid
Conveyance; Binding Obligations. This Agreement will be duly executed and delivered by the Seller, and this Agreement, other than
for accounting and tax purposes, shall effect valid Sales of the Conveyed Collateral, enforceable against the Seller and creditors of
and purchasers from the Seller, and this Agreement shall constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Seller enforceable
against the Seller in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by the Bankruptcy Code and all other applicable
liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, suspension of payments,
or similar debtor relief laws from time to time in effect affecting the rights of creditors generally and general principles of equity
(whether such enforceability is considered in a suit at law or in equity).

10

(e) No
Violation. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and all other agreements and instruments executed and delivered
or to be executed and delivered by the Seller pursuant hereto or thereto in connection with the Sale of any Sale Portfolio will not (i) conflict
with, result in any breach of any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) a default
under, the Sellers organizational documentation or any, contractual obligation of the Seller, (ii) result in the creation
or imposition of any lien (other than Permitted Liens) upon any of the Sellers properties pursuant to the terms of any such contractual
obligation, other than this Agreement, or (iii) violate any applicable law in any material respect.

(f) No
Proceedings. There is no litigation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Seller, threatened against the
Seller, before any Governmental Authority (i) asserting the invalidity of this Agreement, (ii) seeking to prevent the consummation
of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or (iii) seeking any determination or ruling that, if adversely determined,
would in the reasonable judgment of the Seller be expected to have a material adverse effect on the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement or the other Transaction Documents to which the Seller is a party.

(g) All
Consents Required. All approvals, authorizations, consents, orders, licenses or other actions of any Person or of any Governmental
Authority (if any) required for the due execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of this Agreement and each other
Transaction Document to which the Seller is a party have been obtained.

(h) State
of Organization, Etc. The Seller has not changed its name since its incorporation. Except as permitted hereunder, the chief executive
office of the Seller (and the location of the Sellers records regarding any Conveyed Collateral (other than those delivered to
the Custodian)) is at the address of the Seller set forth on the signature pages hereto. The Sellers only jurisdiction of
incorporation is Maryland, and, except as permitted hereunder, the Seller has not changed its jurisdiction of incorporation.

(i) Solvency.
The Seller is not the subject of any bankruptcy proceedings. The Seller is Solvent and will not become insolvent after giving effect to
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. The Seller, after giving effect to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, will have an adequate amount of capital to conduct its business.

(j) Compliance
with Laws. The Seller has complied in all respects with all applicable law to which it may be subject.

(k) Taxes.
The Seller has filed or caused to be filed all tax returns that are required to be filed by it (subject to any extensions to file properly
obtained by the same). The Seller has paid or made adequate provisions for the payment of all Taxes and all assessments made against it
or any of its property (other than any amount of Tax the validity of which is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings
and with respect to which reserves in accordance with GAAP have been provided on the books of the Seller), and no tax lien has been filed
and, to the Sellers knowledge, no claim is being asserted, with respect to any such Tax, assessment or other charge.

11

(l) No
Liens, Etc. The Conveyed Collateral to be acquired by the Purchaser hereunder is owned by the Seller free and clear of any lien, security
interest, charge or encumbrance (subject only to Permitted Liens), and the Seller has the full right, corporate power and lawful authority
to Sell the same and interests therein and, upon the Sale thereof hereunder, the Purchaser will have acquired good and marketable title
to and a valid and perfected ownership interest in such Conveyed Collateral, free and clear of any lien, security interest, charge or
encumbrance (subject only to Permitted Liens).

(m) Information
True and Correct. All information heretofore furnished by or on behalf of the Seller to the Purchaser or any assignee thereof in connection
with this Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby is accurate, true and correct and does not omit to state a material fact or
any fact necessary to make the statements contained therein not misleading; provided that, solely with respect to written or electronic
information furnished by or on behalf of the Seller which was provided to the Seller from an Obligor with respect to a Collateral Obligation,
such information need only be accurate, true and correct to the knowledge of the Seller.

(n) Intent
of the Seller. The Seller has not sold, contributed, transferred, assigned or otherwise conveyed any interest in any Conveyed Collateral
to the Purchaser with any intent to hinder, delay or defraud any of the Sellers creditors.

(o) Value
Given. The Seller has received reasonably equivalent value from the Purchaser in exchange for the Sale of such Collateral Obligations
and participation interests therein Sold hereunder. No such Sale has been made for or on account of an antecedent debt owed by the Seller
and no such transfer is or may be voidable or subject to avoidance under any section of the Bankruptcy Code.

Section 4.2. Representations
and Warranties of the Seller Relating to the Agreement and the Conveyed Collateral. The Seller makes the following representations
and warranties, on which the Purchaser relies in acquiring the Conveyed Collateral Purchased hereunder and each of the Secured Parties
relies upon in entering into the Indenture or any Class A Credit Agreement or acquiring any Debt. As of the applicable Cut-Off Date,
the Seller represents and warrants to the Purchaser for the benefit of the Purchaser and each of its successors and assigns that:

(a) Valid
Transfer and Security Interest. This Agreement constitutes a valid transfer to the Purchaser of all right, title and interest in,
to and under all Conveyed Collateral, free and clear of any lien of any Person claiming through or under the Seller or its Affiliates,
except for Permitted Liens. If the conveyances contemplated by this Agreement are determined to be a transfer for security, then this
Agreement constitutes a grant of a security interest in the Conveyed Collateral to the Purchaser which upon the delivery of the applicable
Underlying Instruments to the Purchaser (or to the Custodian on behalf of the Trustee, for the benefit of the Secured Parties) and the
filing of the financing statements shall be a first priority perfected security interest in such Conveyed Collateral, subject only to
Permitted Liens.

(b) Eligibility
of Conveyed Collateral. (i) The Sale Portfolio List is an accurate and complete listing of all the Conveyed Collateral transferred
to the Purchaser as of the applicable Cut-Off Date and the information contained therein with respect to the identity of the obligors
on the related Collateral Obligations and the Principal Balance thereof is true and correct as of the applicable Cut-Off Date and (ii) with
respect to the Conveyed Collateral, all consents, licenses, approvals or authorizations of or registrations or declarations of any governmental
authority or any Person required to be obtained, effected or given by the Seller in connection with the transfer of an ownership interest
or security interest in such Conveyed Collateral to the Purchaser have been (or, in the case of an Affiliate Participation Interest, will
be as of the Assignment Effective Date) duly obtained, effected or given and are in full force and effect.

12

It is understood and agreed
that the representations and warranties provided in this Section 4.2 shall survive (x) the Sale of any Conveyed Collateral
to the Purchaser, (y) the grant of a first priority perfected security interest in, to and under the Conveyed Collateral pursuant
to the Indenture by the Purchaser and (z) the termination of this Agreement and the Indenture. Upon discovery by the Seller or the
Purchaser of a breach of any of the foregoing representations and warranties, the party discovering such breach shall give prompt written
notice thereof to the other and to the Purchaser (in the case the Seller makes such discovery) and the Trustee immediately upon obtaining
knowledge of such breach.

Section 4.3. Representations
and Warranties of the Purchaser. The Purchaser makes the following representations and warranties, on which the Seller relies in
selling the Conveyed Collateral to the Purchaser hereunder and each of the Secured Parties relies upon in entering into the Indenture.
As of the applicable Cut-Off Date (unless a specific date is specified below), the Purchaser represents and warrants to the Seller for
the benefit of the Seller and each of its successors and assigns that:

(a) Organization
and Good Standing. The Purchaser has been duly organized and is validly existing and in good standing as a limited liability company
under the laws of the State of Delaware or such other jurisdiction as permitted under the terms of the Transaction Documents, with the
power and authority to own or lease its properties and to conduct its business as such properties are currently owned and such business
is currently conducted, and had at all relevant times, and has, all necessary power, authority and legal right to acquire and own each
Sale Portfolio.

(b) Due
Qualification. The Purchaser is duly qualified to do business and has obtained all necessary licenses and approvals in all jurisdictions
in which the ownership or lease of its property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, licenses and/or approvals.

(c) Power
and Authority; Due Authorization; Execution and Delivery. The Purchaser (i) has all necessary limited liability company power,
authority and legal right to (a) execute and deliver this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and
(b) carry out the terms of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and (ii) has duly authorized
by all necessary limited liability company action the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents to which it is a party and the Purchase of the Conveyed Collateral on the terms and conditions herein provided. This Agreement
and each other Transaction Document to which the Purchaser is a party have been duly executed and delivered by the Purchaser.

(d) All
Consents Required. All approvals, authorizations, consents, orders, licenses or other actions of any Person or of any Governmental
Authority (if any) required for the due execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of this Agreement have been obtained.

13

(e) Binding
Obligation. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which the Purchaser is a party constitutes a legal, valid and binding
obligation of the Purchaser, enforceable against the Purchaser in accordance with its respective terms, except as enforceability may be
limited by the Bankruptcy Code and all other applicable liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership,
insolvency, reorganization, suspension of payments, or similar debtor relief laws from time to time in effect affecting the rights of
creditors generally and general principles of equity (whether such enforceability is considered in a suit at law or in equity).

(f) No
Violation. The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is
a party and the fulfillment of the terms hereof and thereof will not (i) conflict with, result in any breach of any of the terms
and provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) a default under, the Purchasers certificate
of formation, limited liability company agreement or any contractual obligation of the Purchaser, (ii) result in the creation or
imposition of any lien (other than Permitted Liens) upon any of the Purchasers properties pursuant to the terms of any such contractual
obligation, other than this Agreement, or (iii) violate any applicable law.

(g) Value
Given. The Purchaser has given reasonably equivalent value to the Seller in exchange for the Sale of such Conveyed Collateral. No
such Sale has been made for or on account of an antecedent debt owed by the Seller and no such transfer is or may be voidable or subject
to avoidance under any section of the Bankruptcy Code.

(h) No
Proceedings. There is no litigation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Purchaser, threatened against
the Purchaser, before any Governmental Authority (i) asserting the invalidity of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document
to which the Purchaser is a party, (ii) seeking to prevent the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
or any other Transaction Document to which the Purchaser is a party or (iii) seeking any determination or ruling that, which if determined
adversely to the Purchaser would be expected to have a material adverse effect on the performance by the Purchaser under the Transaction
Documents to which it is a party on the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents to which the Purchaser
is a party.

(i) Sale
Agreement. This Agreement and the loan assignments required pursuant to the Underlying Instruments are the only agreements or arrangements
pursuant to which the Purchaser Purchases the Conveyed Collateral Sold to it by the Seller.

(j) Compliance
with Law. The Purchaser has complied in all respects with all applicable law to which it may be subject.

14

ARTICLE V.

COVENANTS
OF THE PURCHASER

Section 5.1. Covenants
of Purchaser Regarding Affiliate Transactions. At any time after the Closing Date, the Purchaser may sell certain Assets to the Seller
or any affiliate thereof to the extent permitted pursuant to Article XII of the Indenture.

Section 5.2. Separateness.
Each of the Seller and the Purchaser will take, and will cause its subsidiaries to take, all reasonable steps to maintain the Purchasers
identity as a separate legal entity from the Seller and to make it manifest to third parties that the Purchaser is an entity with assets
and liabilities distinct from those of the Seller. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing and in addition to the other covenants
set forth herein, the Seller (i) will not hold itself out, nor permit its subsidiaries to hold themselves out, to third parties
as liable for the debts of the Purchaser nor purport to own any of the assets Granted by the Purchaser to the Trustee under the Indenture
and (ii) will take and will cause its subsidiaries to take all other actions necessary to ensure that the facts and assumptions
regarding it set forth in the opinion issued by Dechert LLP, dated the date hereof, relating to certain bankruptcy issues remain true
and correct in all material respects at all times. Further, the Seller shall not take any action, or conduct its affairs in a manner,
that is likely to result in the separate existence of the Purchaser being ignored or in its assets and liabilities being substantively
consolidated with the Seller or any Affiliate thereof in a bankruptcy, reorganization or other insolvency proceeding. Without limiting
the foregoing, the Seller shall not take any actions that would cause the Purchaser to fail comply with the terms of Section 7.4(b) of
the Indenture.

ARTICLE VI.

ADDITIONAL
RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS IN

RESPECT OF THE CONVEYED COLLATERAL

Section 6.1. Rights
of the Purchaser. The Seller hereby authorizes the Purchaser, the Portfolio Manager and/or their respective designees or assignees
to take any and all steps in Sellers name and on behalf of the Seller that the Purchaser, the Portfolio Manager and/or their respective
designees or assignees determine are necessary or appropriate to collect all amounts due under any and all Conveyed Collateral and to
enforce or protect the Purchasers rights under this Agreement, including endorsing the name of the Seller on checks and other
instruments representing Income Collections and enforcing such Conveyed Collateral.

ARTICLE VII.

OPTION
TO REPURCHASE AND SUBSTITUTE CONVEYED COLLATERAL

Section 7.1. Sellers
Optional Right to Repurchase Conveyed Collateral. The Seller shall have the right, but not the obligation, to substitute or repurchase
from the Purchaser certain Collateral Obligations as provided in Section 12.5 of the Indenture subject to the Repurchase
and Substitution Limit and the other applicable provisions set forth in Section 12.5 of the Indenture.

Section 7.2. Reassignment
of Substituted or Repurchased Collateral Obligations. Upon (a) receipt by the Trustee for deposit in the applicable Collection
Account of amounts required to be paid by the Seller in the case of any repurchased Collateral Obligation pursuant to Section 12.5
of the Indenture or (b) upon the Cut-Off Date related to a Substitute Collateral Obligation delivered by the Seller to the Purchaser
in accordance herewith and with the applicable provisions of the Indenture, the Purchaser hereby assigns to the Seller all of the Purchasers
right, title and interest in the Collateral Obligation being repurchased or substituted (together with the Collateral and any other Assets
related thereto) without recourse, representation or warranty and the Purchaser will cause the Trustee to release the Lien of the Indenture
with respect thereto. Such reassigned Collateral Obligation (together with the Collateral and any other Assets related thereto) shall
no longer thereafter be deemed a part of the Collateral or of the Assets and shall be deemed released from the security interests created
by this Agreement and by the Indenture. The Seller may amend and modify the Sale Portfolio List in connection with any such repurchase
or substitution by providing an updated copy thereof to the Purchaser and to the Trustee. To the extent any repurchase price exceeds
the fair market value (as determined by the Seller) of the related Collateral Obligation, such excess shall be deemed a capital contribution
by the Seller to the Purchaser.

15

ARTICLE VIII.

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 8.1. Amendments;
Limited Agency. No amendment, waiver or other modification of any provision of this Agreement shall be effective unless signed by
the Purchaser and the Seller.

Section 8.2. Waivers;
Cumulative Remedies. No failure or delay on the part of the Purchaser (or any assignee thereof) or the Seller in exercising any power,
right, privilege or remedy under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such
power, right, privilege or remedy preclude any other or future exercise thereof or the exercise of any other power, right, privilege
or remedy. The powers, rights, privileges and remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exhaustive of any powers, rights, privileges
and remedies provided by law. Any waiver of this Agreement shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose
for which it is given.

Section 8.3. Notices.
All demands, notices and other communications hereunder shall, unless otherwise stated herein, be in writing (which shall include facsimile
communication and communication by e-mail in portable document format (.pdf)) and faxed, e-mailed or delivered, to each party hereto,
at its address set forth under its name on the signature pages hereto or at such other address as shall be designated by such party
in a written notice to the other parties hereto. Notices and communications by facsimile and e-mail shall be effective when sent (and
shall be followed by hard copy sent by regular mail), and notices and communications sent by other means shall be effective when received.

Section 8.4. Severability
of Provisions. If any one or more of the covenants, provisions or terms of this Agreement shall be for any reason whatsoever held
invalid, then such covenants, provisions or terms shall be deemed severable from the remaining covenants, provisions or terms of this
Agreement and shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability of the other provisions of this Agreement.

Section 8.5. GOVERNING
LAW; JURY WAIVER. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL, IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 5-1401 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF
NEW YORK, BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW,
ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION ARISING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER.

16

Section 8.6. Counterparts.
This Agreement (and each amendment, modification and waiver in respect of it) may be executed in any number of counterparts (including
by facsimile transmission, exchange of signed electronic files or other written form of written or electronic transmission), each of
which shall be deemed to be an original as against any party whose signature appears thereon, and all of which shall together constitute
one and the same instrument. This Agreement shall be valid, binding, and enforceable against a party only when executed and delivered
by an authorized individual on behalf of the party by means of (i) any electronic signature permitted by the federal Electronic
Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, state enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and/or any other relevant
electronic signatures law, including relevant provisions of the UCC (collectively, Signature Law); (ii) an
original manual signature; or (iii) a faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature. Each electronic signature or faxed,
scanned, or photocopied manual signature shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility in evidence
as an original manual signature. Each party hereto shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon, and shall have no liability with
respect to, any faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, of any party and shall have
no duty to investigate, confirm, or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity thereof. For avoidance of doubt, original manual
signatures shall be used for execution or indorsement of writings and authentication of Certificates when required under the UCC
or other Signature Law due to the character or intended character of the writings.

Section 8.7. Bankruptcy
Non-Petition and Limited Recourse; Claims. Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that it will not, prior to the date which is
one year (or, if longer, the applicable preference period then in effect) plus one day after the payment in full of all Notes, institute
against, or join any other Person in instituting against, the other party hereto, any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency,
winding up, moratorium or liquidation Proceedings, or other Proceedings under U.S. federal or state bankruptcy or similar laws. It agrees
that it is subject to the Bankruptcy Subordination Agreement set forth in the Indenture, which is incorporated herein by reference, mutatis
mutandis. In addition, neither party hereto shall have any recourse for any amounts payable or any other obligations arising under
this Agreement against any officer, member, director, employee, partner, Affiliate or security holder of the other party or any of its
successors or assigns.

Section 8.8. Binding
Effect; Assignability.

(a) This
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns.

(b) The
Trustee and the other Secured Parties shall be express third-party beneficiaries of this Agreement.

17

Section 8.9. Headings
and Exhibits. The headings herein are for purposes of references only and shall not otherwise affect the meaning or interpretation
of any provision hereof. The schedules and exhibits attached hereto and referred to herein shall constitute a part of this Agreement
and are incorporated into this Agreement for all purposes.

Section 8.10. Third-Party
Beneficiaries. The parties hereto hereby manifest their intent that, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, no third party
(other than the Trustee, for the benefit of the Secured Parties) shall be deemed a third-party beneficiary to this Agreement, and specifically
that the Obligors and issuers of Collateral Obligations are not third-party beneficiaries to this Agreement.

[Signature pages to follow.]

18

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective officers as of the day and year first above written.

KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC, as
the Purchaser

By: FS KKR Capital Corp., its Designated
Manager

By: /s/
William Goebel

Name: William Goebel

Title: Chief Financial Officer

KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC

201 Rouse Blvd.

Philadelphia, PA 19112

Attention: William Goebel

KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC

Loan Sale Agreement

FS KKR CAPITAL CORP., as the Seller

By: /s/ William Goebel

Name: William Goebel

Title: Chief Financial Officer

FS KKR Capital Corp.

201 Rouse Blvd.

Philadelphia, PA 19112

Attention: William Goebel

KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC

Loan Sale Agreement

SCHEDULE I

SALE PORTFOLIO LIST

(See Attached)

Sch. I-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm2511364d1_ex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

EXECUTION VERSION

PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT

dated as of March 28, 2025

between

KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC,

Issuer

and

FS KKR CAPITAL CORP.,

Portfolio Manager

Table of Contents

Page

1. Definitions 2

2. General Duties of the Portfolio Manager 3

3. Brokerage 7

4. Additional Activities of the Portfolio Manager and its Affiliates 9

5. Conflicts of Interest 11

6. Records 12

7. Obligations of the Portfolio Manager 12

8. Compensation 13

9. Benefit of the Agreement 15

10. Limits of Portfolio Manager Responsibility; Indemnity 16

11. No Partnership or Joint Venture 20

12. Term; Termination 20

13. Delegation; Assignments 21

14. Termination by the Issuer for Cause 22

15. Action Upon Termination 24

16. Representations and Warranties 25

17. Non-Exclusivity 28

18. Observation Rights 28

19. Notices 28

20. Binding Nature of Agreement; Successors and Assigns 29

21. Entire Agreement; Amendments 29

22. Conflicts with the Indenture 29

23. Subordination; Consent to Assignment 30

24. Governing Law 30

25. Indulgences Not Waivers 30

26. Costs and Expenses 30

27. Titles Not to Affect Interpretation 30

28. Execution in Counterparts 30

29. Provisions Separable 31

30. Number and Gender 31

31. Limited Recourse; Non-Petition 31

32. No Waiver of Non-Waivable Rights 31

-i-

PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT

This Portfolio Management
Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2025, is entered into by and between KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC (together with successors and assigns
permitted hereunder, the Issuer) and FS KKR Capital Corp. (in such capacity, the Portfolio Manager).

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, the Issuer intends
to issue certain notes (the Notes) pursuant to an indenture and security agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the
Indenture), between the Issuer and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as collateral trustee (in such
capacity, the Collateral Trustee), incur certain Class A-1L Loans (the Class A-1L Loans)
pursuant to a credit agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the Class A-1L Credit Agreement), among the Issuer,
as borrower, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as loan agent, the Collateral Trustee and the Class A-1L Lenders party
thereto, and incur certain Class A-1W Loans (together with the Class A-1L Loans, the Class A-1 Loans
and the Class A-1 Loans, together with the Notes, the Debt) pursuant to a credit agreement, dated as of the
date hereof (together with the Class A-1L Credit Agreement, the Class A-1 Credit Agreements), among the
Issuer, as borrower, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as loan agent, the Collateral Trustee and the Class A-1W Lenders
party thereto;

WHEREAS, the Issuer wishes
to enter into this Portfolio Management Agreement, pursuant to which the Portfolio Manager agrees to perform, on behalf of the Issuer,
certain duties with respect to the Assets in the manner and on the terms set forth herein and to perform such additional duties as are
consistent with the terms of this Agreement, the Collateral Administration Agreement, the Indenture and the Class A-1 Credit Agreements;
and

WHEREAS, the Portfolio Manager
has the capacity to provide the services required hereby and is prepared to perform such services upon the terms and conditions set forth
herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual agreements herein set forth, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Definitions.

Terms used herein and not
defined below or elsewhere herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Indenture.

Advisor
shall mean FS/KKR Advisor, LLC, in its capacity as investment advisor of the Portfolio Manager.

Agreement
shall mean this Portfolio Management Agreement, as amended from time to time.

FSK shall
mean FS KKR Capital Corp.

Governing Instruments
shall mean the memorandum, articles or certificate of incorporation or association and by-laws, if applicable, in the case of a corporation,
or the partnership agreement, in the case of a partnership, or the limited liability company or operating agreement, as applicable, in
the case of a limited liability company.

2

Internal Policies
shall mean the internal policies and procedures of the Portfolio Manager, as the same may be amended from time to time.

Offering Circular
shall mean the final offering circular dated as of March 26, 2025.

Other Accounts
shall mean collateralized debt obligation transactions, synthetic collateralized debt obligation transactions, private equity, growth
capital, leveraged credit, originated loan, mezzanine debt, long/short equity, long/short credit, special situations, structured credit,
real estate debt, natural resources, real estate and infrastructure funds managed, established, sponsored or advised by the Portfolio
Manager Affiliates, other accounts, funds, investment vehicles, and similar entities managed, established, sponsored or advised by the
Portfolio Manager and other Portfolio Manager Affiliates, and certain proprietary investment vehicles or accounts through which the Portfolio
Manager Affiliates make investments for their own accounts, including, for example, through investment and co-investment vehicles established
for the Portfolio Manager Affiliate personnel, senior advisors, industry advisors and other affiliates, accounts invested through various
proprietary investment vehicles, including, without limitation, accounts through which the Portfolio Manager Affiliates invest primarily
for their own investment purposes, accounts subject to specific criteria relating to, among other things, capacity and holding period,
and proprietary accounts established primarily for the purpose of developing, evaluating and testing potential investment strategies or
products in which the Issuer has no interest.

Portfolio Manager
Affiliates shall have the meaning specified in the Offering Circular.

Portfolio Manager
Information shall mean the information relating to the Portfolio Manager contained in the Offering Circular under the headings
Risk FactorsRelating to Certain Conflicts of InterestThe Issuer will be subject to various conflicts of interest
involving the Portfolio Manager and its Affiliates and clients and The Portfolio Manager and the subheadings thereunder.

Transaction
shall mean any action taken by the Portfolio Manager on behalf of the Issuer with respect to the Assets, including, without limitation,
(i) selecting the Collateral Obligations and Eligible Investments to be acquired or disposed of by the Issuer, (ii) investing
in and reinvesting proceeds from the sale of Assets (including, without limitation, after the Reinvestment Period), (iii) amending,
waiving and/or taking any other action commensurate with managing the Assets and (iv) instructing the Collateral Trustee with respect
to any acquisition, disposition or tender of a Collateral Obligation, or otherwise by the Issuer.

2. General
Duties of the Portfolio Manager.

The Issuer hereby makes, constitutes,
and appoints the Portfolio Manager, with full power of substitution, as its true and lawful agent and attorney-in-fact, with full power
and authority in its name, place and stead, to sign, execute, certify, swear to, acknowledge, deliver, file, receive and record any and
all documents which the Portfolio Manager reasonably deems appropriate or necessary in connection with its duties under this Agreement.
Such Appointment and the power and authority vested under this Agreement shall be limited by and subject to the Indenture. The foregoing
power shall survive and not be affected by the subsequent dissolution, bankruptcy or termination of the Issuer; provided, however, that
the foregoing power of attorney will expire, and the Portfolio Manager will cease to have any power to act as the Issuers attorney-in-fact,
upon termination of this Agreement (upon the effectiveness of any resignation or removal of the Portfolio Manager or otherwise) in accordance
with the terms hereof. The issuer shall execute and deliver to the Portfolio Manager or cause to be executed and delivered to the Portfolio
Manager all such other powers of attorney, proxies and other orders, and all such instruments, without recourse to the Issuer, as the
Portfolio Manager may reasonably request for the purpose of enabling the Portfolio Manager to exercise the rights and powers which it
is entitled to exercise pursuant to this Section 2.

3

(a) The
Portfolio Manager agrees to invest in and reinvest proceeds from the sale of Assets (including the acquisition and disposition of any
Hedge Agreement that may later be entered into as permitted by and in accordance with the Indenture), and shall perform on behalf of the
Issuer those investment-related duties and functions assigned to the Issuer in the Indenture, the furnishing of Issuer Orders, Issuer
Requests and Officers certificates, and such certifications as are required under the Indenture with regard to Defaulted Obligations,
Credit Risk Obligations, Debt issued, refinanced or re-priced after the Closing Date and other securities required to be sold under the
Indenture and with respect to satisfaction of the Investment Criteria. The Portfolio Manager shall have full power and authority in the
name and on behalf of the Issuer to execute and deliver all necessary or appropriate documents and instruments with respect thereto, including,
without limitation, all trade confirmations, participations, assignments and similar instruments and any Hedge Agreements that may be
entered into by the Issuer as permitted by and in accordance with the Indenture. The Portfolio Manager shall, subject to the terms and
conditions of the Indenture expressly made applicable to the Portfolio Manager affecting the duties and functions that have been delegated
to it hereunder and, except as otherwise specified in the Indenture or in this Agreement, perform its obligations hereunder and under
the Indenture with reasonable care and in good faith, using a degree of skill and attention no less than that which the Portfolio Manager
exercises with respect to comparable assets that it manages for itself and for others in accordance with its existing practices and procedures
as in effect from time to time relating to assets of the nature and character of the Assets; provided that, in no event will the
Portfolio Manager be (i) liable for any loss or damages resulting from any failure to satisfy the Portfolio Manager Standard except
to the extent any act or omission of the Portfolio Manager hereunder is finally adjudicated in a non-appealable judgment by a court of
competent jurisdiction to constitute a Portfolio Manager Breach, (ii) liable or responsible for the performance of the Assets, (iii) obligated
to perform any duties other than as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to which the Portfolio Manager is a party or (iv) obligated
to pursue any particular investment strategy or opportunity with respect to any asset; provided further, that nothing herein will
constitute a waiver of any rights which the Issuer may have under applicable United States federal securities laws. To the extent not
inconsistent with the foregoing, the Portfolio Manager shall follow its customary standards, policies and procedures in performing its
duties hereunder and under the Indenture. The Portfolio Manager shall not be bound to follow any amendment or supplement to the Indenture
unless it has received written notice of such amendment or supplement and a copy thereof from the Issuer or the Collateral Trustee. The
Issuer agrees that it shall not permit to become effective any amendment, supplement or modification to the Indenture, and the Portfolio
Manager shall not be bound thereby, unless the Portfolio Manager has given its prior written consent thereto.

4

(b) The
Portfolio Manager shall select all Assets to be acquired or sold by the Issuer pursuant to the Indenture in accordance with the criteria
set forth therein, and in so doing shall take into consideration, among other things, the payment obligations of the Issuer under the
Indenture; provided, however, that the Portfolio Manager does not hereby guarantee the timely performance of such payment obligations
and shall not be liable for any failure of the Issuer to satisfy its payment obligations so long as the Portfolio Manager has acted in
accordance with the Portfolio Manager Standard.

(c) The
Portfolio Manager shall monitor the Assets and, subject to Section 6, prepare for the Issuer all reports, schedules and other data
which the Issuer is required to prepare and deliver under the Indenture and the Collateral Administration Agreement (other than any reports,
schedules and other data that the Collateral Administrator has agreed to prepare pursuant to the Collateral Administration Agreement),
substantially in the form and containing all information required thereby and in sufficient time for the Issuer to review such required
reports, schedules and data and to deliver them to the parties entitled thereto under the Indenture; in providing the foregoing service,
the Portfolio Manager shall monitor any Hedge Agreements that may later be entered into pursuant to the Indenture and direct the Collateral
Trustee on behalf of the Issuer in respect of all actions to be taken with respect thereto by the Issuer (including but not limited to
causing adjustments to the notional balances thereof); the Portfolio Manager shall be responsible for obtaining to the extent reasonably
available any information concerning whether a Collateral Obligation has become a Defaulted Obligation and for providing to the Rating
Agency, in the event that the Rating Agency is requested by the Issuer to provide an estimate with respect to its rating of an Asset,
any information reasonably available and necessary for any the Rating Agency to provide such estimate;

(d) The
Portfolio Manager, subject to and in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture, shall direct the Collateral Trustee (i) to
dispose of any or all of the Collateral Obligations, Restructured Loans, Workout Loans, Eligible Investments or Equity Securities, or
other securities received in respect thereof in the open market or otherwise, or (ii) to acquire, as security for the Debt in substitution
for or in addition to any one or more Collateral Obligations, Restructured Loans, Workout Loans, Eligible Investments or Equity Securities
included in the Assets, one or more substitute Collateral Obligations, Restructured Loans, Workout Loans, Eligible Investments or Equity
Securities, and may, as agent and attorney-in-fact of the Issuer, take or require the Collateral Trustee to take the following actions
with respect to any Collateral Obligation, Restructured Loan, Workout Loan, Eligible Investment or Equity Security:

(i) retain
such Collateral Obligation, Restructured Loan, Workout Loan, Eligible Investment or Equity Security;

(ii) dispose
of such Collateral Obligation, Restructured Loan, Workout Loan, Eligible Investment or Equity Security in the open market or otherwise;

(iii) if
applicable, tender such Collateral Obligation, Restructured Loan, Workout Loan, Eligible Investment or Equity Security pursuant to an
Offer;

(iv) if
applicable, consent to or reject any proposed amendment, modification or waiver pursuant to an Offer;

5

(v) retain
or dispose of any securities or other property received pursuant to an Offer;

(vi) waive
any default with respect to any Collateral Obligation;

(vii) vote
to accelerate the maturity of any Collateral Obligation;

(viii) select
the independent pricing services or dealers, as applicable, for the purpose of determining the Market Values of Collateral Obligations,
or if permitted pursuant to the definition thereof, determining such Market Values;

(ix) to
the extent permitted by the Indenture, making determinations with respect to the Issuers exercise of any rights (including but
not limited to voting rights, rights to grant waivers and consents and rights arising in connection with the bankruptcy or insolvency
of an issuer or obligor, or the consensual or non-judicial restructuring of the debt or equity of any such issuer or obligor) or remedies
in connection with the Collateral Obligations, Eligible Investments, Equity Securities, Restructured Loans, Workout Loans or Workout Securities
and participating in the committees (official or otherwise) or other groups formed by creditors of any such issuer or obligor;

(x) direct
the Collateral Trustee to enter into Exchange Transactions with respect to any of the Assets; and

(xi) exercise
any other rights or remedies with respect to any Collateral Obligation, Restructured Loan, Workout Loan, Eligible Investment or Equity
Security as provided in the related Underlying Instruments or take any other action consistent with the terms of the Indenture;

(e) Upon
disposition of any Collateral Obligation, Restructured Loan, Workout Loan, Eligible Investment or Equity Security (or any security or
property received in exchange therefor), and upon receipt of Scheduled Distributions, the Portfolio Manager shall direct the Collateral
Trustee to apply the proceeds of such disposition or such Scheduled Distributions (i) in accordance with the Indenture, to the purchase
of substitute Collateral Obligations, Restructured Loans, Workout Loans, Eligible Investments or Equity Securities, or (ii) as otherwise
required or permitted by the Indenture;

(f) The
Portfolio Manager will manage the Assets with the objective that there be sufficient funds available on each Payment Date in accordance
with the Priority of Payments (i) to pay interest on the Debt in a timely manner and (ii) to repay principal of the Debt in
full no later than the Stated Maturity of the Debt;

(g) The
Portfolio Manager shall cause any purchase or sale of any Collateral Obligation to be conducted on an arms-length basis;

(h) The
Portfolio Manager shall provide to the Independent accountants appointed pursuant to Article X of the Indenture all reports, data
and other information (including, without limitation, any letters of representation) that such accountants may reasonably require in connection
with such appointment;

6

(i) The
Portfolio Manager and the Issuer shall each take such other action, and furnish such certificates, opinions and other documents, as may
be reasonably requested by the other party hereto in order to effectuate the purposes of this Agreement and to facilitate compliance with
applicable laws and regulations and the terms of this Agreement;

(j) The
Portfolio Manager shall notify the Issuer and the Rating Agency of any material change in the organizational structure of the Portfolio
Manager within a reasonable time after any such change;

(k) In
providing services hereunder, the Portfolio Manager may, without the consent of any party, delegate to third parties (including, without
limitation, Affiliates) the duties assigned to the Portfolio Manager under this Agreement, and employ Affiliates and third parties to
render advice (including investment advice), to provide services to arrange for trade execution, to otherwise provide assistance to the
Issuer and to perform any of the Portfolio Managers duties hereunder or under any other Transaction Document; provided, however,
that the Portfolio Manager shall not be relieved of its duties hereunder regardless of the performance of any such services by third
parties (including, without limitation, Affiliates);

(l) It
is the intention of the parties hereto that the activities of the parties undertaken pursuant to this Agreement will not cause the Issuer
to be treated as engaged in the conduct of a trade or business within the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes;

(m) So
long as the Issuer seeks to rely on the exclusion from the Investment Company Act provided by Rule 3a-7 under such Act, it is the
intention of the parties hereto that the activities of the parties undertaken pursuant to this Agreement will not cause the Issuer to
be engaged in (A) activities other than purchasing, holding and selling eligible assets as defined in Rule 3a-7
and (B) activities related to or incidental to investment in such eligible assets and to otherwise comply with the requirements set
forth in Rule 3a-7 (including, but not limited to, the Portfolio Acquisition and Disposition Requirements (as defined in the Indenture));
and

(n) From
and after the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default, the Portfolio Manager shall continue to perform and be bound by (so long
as it remains the Portfolio Manager under this Agreement) the provisions of this Agreement, the Indenture and the Collateral Administration
Agreement that are expressly applicable to it.

3. Brokerage.

(a) The
Portfolio Manager, subject to and in accordance with the Indenture, hereby agrees that it shall cause any Transaction related to the Assets
to be conducted on terms and conditions negotiated on an arms-length basis or on terms that would be obtained in an arms-length
transaction in compliance with Section 5, if applicable, and in accordance with applicable law.

7

(b) The
Portfolio Manager may, but is not obligated to, aggregate orders placed simultaneously in order to seek best execution and reduce transaction
costs to the extent permitted by applicable law. Subject to the preceding sentence, the Portfolio Manager may, in the allocation of business,
select brokers and/or dealers with whom to effect trades on behalf of the Issuer and may open cash trading accounts with such brokers
and dealers. In addition, the Portfolio Manager may, in the allocation of business, consider all factors it deems relevant in its sole
discretion, including, solely by way of example and without limitation, the full range of a broker-dealers services in assessing
best execution, such as: (i) competitiveness of commission rates and spreads, (ii) promptness of execution, (iii) past
history in executing orders, (iv) clearance and settlement capabilities, (v) access to markets, investments (including access
to new issues) and distribution network, (vi) trade error rate and ability or willingness to correct errors, (vii) anonymity/confidentiality,
(viii) market impact, (ix) liquidity, (x) speed of execution, (xi) expertise with complex investments, (xii) trading
style and strategy, (xiii) geographic location and (xiv) research capabilities and quality and other services provided by such
broker or dealer to the Portfolio Manager which are expected to enhance its general portfolio management capabilities (collectively, Research),
notwithstanding that the Issuer may not be the exclusive beneficiary of such Research. Transactions may be executed as part of concurrent
authorizations to purchase or sell the same investment for Other Accounts served by the Portfolio Manager or its Affiliates (including
the Issuer). When portfolio decisions are made on an aggregated basis, the Portfolio Manager may, in its discretion, place a large order
to purchase or sell a particular asset or investment for the Issuer and the accounts of several other clients. The Issuer understands
that because of prevailing trading activity, it may not be possible to receive the same price or execution on the entire volume of assets
or investments purchased or sold at any particular time. When this occurs, the various prices may be averaged and the Issuer will be charged
or credited with the average price. The effect of the aggregation may operate on some occasions to the Issuers disadvantage.

(c) The
Issuer acknowledges and agrees that (i) the determination by the Portfolio Manager of any benefit to the Issuer will be subjective
and will represent the Portfolio Managers evaluation at the time that the Issuer will be benefited by relatively better purchase
or sales prices, lower brokerage commissions, lower transaction costs and expenses and beneficial timing of transactions or any combination
of any of these and/or other factors and (ii) the Portfolio Manager shall be fully protected with respect to any such determination
to the extent the Portfolio Manager acts in accordance with Section 2(a) above.

(d) Unless
otherwise prohibited by applicable law, the Indenture or this Agreement, the Portfolio Manager may, on behalf of the Issuer, for liquidity,
trade allocation or other reasons, purchase obligations or securities from, sell obligations or securities to or enter into any arrangement
or agreement with Other Accounts (Cross Transactions). The terms of any such Cross Transactions shall comply with
Section 5(a).

(e) The
Issuer acknowledges and agrees that the Portfolio Manager and any of its Affiliates may acquire or sell obligations or securities, for
their own account or for the accounts of their clients, without either requiring or precluding the acquisition or sale of such obligations
or securities for the account of the Issuer. Such investments may be the same or different from those made on behalf of the Issuer. In
the event that, in light of market conditions and investment objectives, the Portfolio Manager determines that it would be advisable to
acquire the same Collateral Obligation both for the Issuer and either the proprietary account of the Portfolio Manager or any Affiliate
of the Portfolio Manager or another client of the Portfolio Manager, the Portfolio Manager will allocate the executions among the accounts
in a fair and equitable manner, over time, and in accordance with the Internal Policies and procedures of the Portfolio Manager.

8

4. Additional
Activities of the Portfolio Manager and its Affiliates.

Nothing herein shall prevent
the Portfolio Manager or any of its Affiliates from engaging in other businesses, or from rendering services of any kind to the Issuer,
the Collateral Trustee, the Placement Agents, Structuring Agents, any Holder or beneficial owner of Debt or their respective Affiliates
or any other Person or entity regardless of whether such business is in competition with the Issuer or otherwise; provided, however,
that such services are not provided pursuant to its role as Portfolio Manager hereunder; provided further, that with respect to
such businesses or services in addition to those provided hereunder, the Portfolio Manager shall not act as an agent for the Issuer and
shall deal with the Issuer on an arms-length basis. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, partners, directors,
officers, shareholders, members, managers, employees and agents of the Portfolio Manager or its Affiliates may, among other things, and
subject to any limits specified in the Indenture:

(a) serve
as managers or directors (whether supervisory or managing), sponsors, advisers, officers, shareholders, members, employees, partners,
agents, nominees or signatories for the Issuer or any Affiliate thereof, or for any obligor or issuer in respect of any of the Assets
or any Affiliate thereof, to the extent permitted by their respective organizational documents, as from time to time amended, or by any
resolutions duly adopted by the Issuer, its Affiliates or any obligor or issuer in respect of any of the Assets (or any Affiliate thereof)
pursuant to their respective organizational documents;

(b) receive
fees or other compensation of any kind for services of any nature rendered to the issuer of any obligations included in the Assets;

(c) be
retained to provide services unrelated to this Agreement or to the Issuer or its Affiliates and be paid therefor, on an arms-length
basis;

(d) be
a secured or unsecured creditor of, or hold a debt obligation of or equity interest in, the Issuer or any Affiliate thereof or any obligor
or issuer of any Assets or any Affiliate thereof;

(e) sell
any Assets or Debt to, or purchase or acquire any Assets or Debt from, the Issuer while acting in the capacity of principal or agent,
in compliance with the provisions of the Indenture, this Agreement and applicable law;

(f) underwrite,
arrange, structure, originate, syndicate, act as a distributor of or make a market in any Collateral Obligations or in the Debt;

(g) serve
as a member of any creditors board, creditors committee, informal workout group
or similar creditor group with respect to any Assets; or

(h) act
as collateral manager, portfolio manager, sub-manager, investment manager and/or investment adviser or sub-adviser for their own account,
a client account or for the account of any pooled investment vehicle including, without limitation, in collateralized bond obligation
vehicles, collateralized loan obligation vehicles and other similar warehousing, financing or other investment vehicles.

9

It is understood that the
Portfolio Manager and its Affiliates may engage in any other business, form additional investment funds and furnish investment management
and advisory services to others, including Persons which may (i) have investment policies similar to or different from those followed
by the Portfolio Manager with respect to the Assets, (ii) be in competition or affiliated with the issuers of the Collateral Obligations
or the Issuer and (iii) own securities or obligations of the same class, or which are the same type, as the Collateral Obligations
or the Eligible Investments or other securities of the issuers of the Collateral Obligations. The Portfolio Manager will be free, in its
sole discretion, provided that it acts in a manner that is consistent with applicable law and its Internal Policies, and without
particular regard to the Issuers interests, to make recommendations to others, or effect transactions on behalf of itself or for
others, which may be the same as or different from those effected with respect to the Assets.

Nothing contained in this
Agreement or the Indenture shall prevent the Portfolio Manager or any of its Affiliates from acting either as principal or agent on behalf
of others, from buying or selling (or refraining from buying or selling or entering into derivative transactions, buying protection under
a credit default swap or engaging in other opposite way trading activities), or from recommending to or directing any of
the Other Accounts to buy or sell (or to refrain from buying or selling or entering into derivative transactions, buying protection under
a credit default swap or engaging in other opposite way trading activities), at any time, securities or obligations of the
same kind or class, or securities or obligations of a different kind or class of the same obligor or issuer, as those directed by the
Portfolio Manager to be purchased or sold on behalf of the Issuer. In addition, certain Portfolio Manager Affiliates may invest in one
or more Other Accounts. The Portfolio Manager Affiliates and Other Accounts may purchase one or more Classes of Debt or, in lieu of or
in addition to such purchases, enter into synthetic transactions referring to such Class or Classes of Debt. It is expected that,
if any of such investments are made, their size and nature may change over time.

The Issuer acknowledges and
agrees that the nature of the Portfolio Manager Affiliates businesses, including, without limitation, participation by their personnel
in creditors committees, steering committees, or boards of directors of issuers of portfolio investments, may result in the Portfolio
Manager receiving material non-public information from time to time with respect to publicly held companies or otherwise becoming an insider
with respect to such companies. With limited exceptions, the Portfolio Manager Affiliates do not establish information barriers among
internal investment teams. Trading by Portfolio Manager Affiliates on the basis of such information, or improperly disclosing such information,
may be restricted pursuant to applicable law and/or internal policies and procedures adopted by Portfolio Manager Affiliates to promote
compliance with applicable law. Accordingly, the possession of inside information or insider status with respect
to such an issuer or obligor by Portfolio Manager Affiliates or their personnel may, including where an appropriate information barrier
does not exist between the relevant investment professionals or has been crossed by such professionals, significantly restrict
the Portfolio Manager Affiliates ability to deal in the securities of that issuer on behalf of the Issuer, which may adversely
impact the Issuer, including by preventing the execution of an otherwise advisable purchase or sale transaction in a particular security
until such information ceases to be regarded as material non-public information, which could have an adverse effect on the overall performance
of such investment. In addition, Portfolio Manager Affiliates in possession of such information may be prevented from disclosing such
information to the Portfolio Manager, even where the disclosure of such information would be in the interest of the Issuer. The Portfolio
Manager may also be subject to contractual stand-still obligations and/or confidentiality obligations that may restrict
its ability to trade in certain securities on behalf of the Issuer.

10

Unless the Portfolio Manager
determines in its reasonable business judgment that such purchase or sale is appropriate pursuant to the provisions of Section 5
hereof, the Portfolio Manager will not direct the purchase or sale hereunder of securities or obligations of (i) Persons of which
the Portfolio Manager, its Affiliates or any of its or its Affiliates officers, directors, partners, members, managers or employees
are directors or officers, (ii) Persons for which the Portfolio Manager or any of its Affiliates act as principal, financial adviser
or underwriter or (iii) Persons about which the Portfolio Manager or any of its Affiliates have information which the Portfolio Manager
deems confidential or non-public or otherwise might prohibit it from trading such securities or obligations in accordance with applicable
law. In performing its obligations hereunder with respect to the Issuer, the Portfolio Manager shall not be obligated to take advantage
of any particular investment opportunity of which it becomes aware.

In certain circumstances,
including but not limited to those involving an Optional Redemption, the Portfolio Manager may engage an independent agent to dispose
of assets held by the Issuer in which the Portfolio Manager Affiliates may be deemed to have material non-public information on behalf
of the Issuer. Such independent agent may dispose of the relevant assets for a price that may be lower than the Portfolio Managers
valuation of such assets which may take into account the material non-public information known to the Portfolio Manager Affiliates in
respect of the Issuer.

The Issuer acknowledges and
agrees that the Portfolio Manager and its Affiliates may make and/or hold investments (including, without limitation, any short positions)
in an obligors or issuers obligations or securities that may be pari passu, senior or junior in ranking to an investment
in such obligors or issuers obligations or securities made and/or held by the Issuer, or otherwise have interests different
from or adverse to those of the Issuer.

5. Conflicts
of Interest.

(a) The
Portfolio Manager shall not cause the Issuer to enter into a transaction with the Portfolio Manager or any of its Affiliates as principal,
or where any account or portfolio from which a purchase or to which a sale is being effected is managed or advised by the Portfolio Manager
or any of its Affiliates unless such transaction (i) is in compliance with the written policies and procedures of the Portfolio Manager
then in effect regarding cross trades and principal transactions, (ii) is either not subject to or is exempt from the prohibited
transaction rules of Title I of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code, (iii) is in compliance with the requirements of the
Investment Advisers Act and is not prohibited by the Investment Company Act and (iv) is conducted on terms and conditions not less
favorable to the Issuer than the terms it would obtain in a comparable arms length transaction with a non-Affiliated party.

(b) In
the event that the Portfolio Manager is subject to a conflict of interest as between the Portfolio Manager and any of the Portfolio Manager
Affiliates or Other Accounts with respect to evaluating the suitability of investment opportunities and making or recommending acquisitions
on the Issuers behalf, the Portfolio Manager will endeavor, so far as it is able, to ensure that such conflict is resolved in a
manner consistent with applicable law and the Internal Policies. These resolutions may include, by way of example without limitation,
refraining from investing in or disposing of the investment giving rise to the conflict of interest, taking or refraining from taking
certain action with respect to an investment or appointing an independent fiduciary to act on behalf of the Portfolio Manager. There can
be no assurance that the Portfolio Manager will resolve all conflicts of interest in a manner that is favorable to the Issuer and any
such conflicts of interest could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer.

11

(c) Without
limiting anything contained in Sections 4 or 5 hereof, the Portfolio Manager may (but will not in any event be required to) retain unaffiliated
third parties and/or appoint one or more independent fiduciaries (including without limitation, in each case, investment banks and independent
legal counsel) to help resolve conflicts of interest between the Issuer, on the one hand, and the Portfolio Manager and/or any Portfolio
Manager Affiliate, on the other hand. In addition, the Portfolio Manager may (but will not in any event be required to) conclusively
rely on the willingness of an independent third party to make investment decisions on the same (or less favorable) terms as the Issuer
to demonstrate the fairness of the transaction to the Issuer for purposes of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, the Portfolio
Manager shall not be required to appoint any such unaffiliated third party or independent fiduciary so long as any such conflict of interest
is resolved in accordance with this Agreement, the Issuer LLCA and applicable law (including the Advisers Act).

(d) The
Issuer hereby acknowledges the various potential and actual conflicts of interest that may exist with respect to the Portfolio Manager
and any of the Portfolio Manager Affiliates or Other Accounts as described in Sections 4 and 5 hereof and in the Offering Circular and
agrees that the Portfolio Manager may resolve any potential or actual conflicts of interest in the manner described herein in or otherwise
in accordance with its Internal Policies.

6. Records.

The Portfolio Manager shall
maintain appropriate books of account and records relating to services performed hereunder, and such books of account and records shall
be accessible for inspection by a representative of the Issuer, the Collateral Trustee, the Holders and the Independent accountants appointed
by the Portfolio Manager on behalf of the Issuer pursuant to Article X of the Indenture at any time during normal business hours
and upon not less than three Business Days prior notice. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any Transaction
Document, the Portfolio Manager shall not be required to furnish any information to the extent prohibited by applicable confidentiality
restrictions (whether legal, contractual or otherwise).

7. Obligations
of the Portfolio Manager.

Unless otherwise required
by any provision of the Indenture, this Agreement or by applicable law, the Portfolio Manager shall use reasonable efforts to ensure that
no action is taken by it, and shall not intentionally or knowingly take any action which it knows or should know would:

(a) materially
adversely affect the Issuer for purposes of United States federal or state law or any other law known to the Portfolio Manager to be applicable
to the Issuer;

12

(b) not
be permitted under the Issuer LLCA;

(c) violate
in any material respect any law, rule or regulation of any governmental body or agency having jurisdiction over the Issuer, including,
without limitation, any United States federal, state or other applicable securities law the violation of which would have a material adverse
effect on the business, operations, assets or financial condition of the Issuer;

(d) require
registration of the Issuer or the pool of Assets as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940,
as amended (the Investment Company Act);

(e) cause
the Issuer to violate in any material respect the terms of the Indenture; or

(f) adversely
affect the interests of the Holders in any material respect (other than as permitted hereunder or under the Indenture), it being understood
that, in connection with the foregoing, the Portfolio Manager will not be required to make any independent investigation of any facts
or laws not otherwise actually known to it in connection with its obligations under this Agreement or the Indenture, or the conduct of
its business generally.

If the Portfolio Manager is
ordered to take any action specified in Sections 7(a) through (f) above by the Issuer, notwithstanding any such request, the
Portfolio Manager need not take such action unless arrangements satisfactory to it are made to insure or indemnify the Portfolio Manager
from any liability it may incur as a result of such action.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
none of the Portfolio Manager, its affiliates or their respective senior advisors, industry advisors, principals, members, managers, managing
directors, directors, officers, stockholders, partners, employees and agents shall be liable to the Issuer, the Collateral Trustee, the
Holders or any Person, except as provided in Section 10 of this Agreement.

8. Compensation.

(a) (i) In
consideration of the performance of the obligations of the Portfolio Manager hereunder and under the Indenture, the Portfolio Manager
shall be entitled to receive in arrears on each Payment Date (pro-rated for the related Interest Accrual Period), at the times set forth
in the Indenture and subject to the Priority of Payments, (A) a Base Management Fee equal to 0.20% per annum
of the Fee Basis Amount measured as of the first day of the Collection Period relating to each Payment Date, plus (B) a Subordinated
Management Fee (the Subordinated Management Fee, together with the Base Management Fee, collectively, the Management
Fee) equal to 0.00% per annum on the Fee Basis Amount measured as of the first day of the Collection Period relating to each
Payment Date. Each of the Base Management Fee and the Subordinated Management Fee will be payable in accordance with the Priority of Payments
on each Payment Date, except in each case to the extent that the Portfolio Manager elects, in its sole discretion, to defer or waive such
fees in the manner described below. If there are insufficient funds to pay the Base Management Fee or the Subordinated Management Fee
in full on any Payment Date (unless such Management Fees are otherwise waived as described below), the amount due and unpaid will be deferred
and will bear interest at the Reference Rate (calculated in the same manner as the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Debt)
plus 0.30% per annum and will be payable on such later Payment Date on which funds are available in accordance with the Priority of Payments.
The Management Fees will be calculated on the basis of a 360 day year and the actual number of days elapsed in the applicable
period.

13

(ii) The
Portfolio Manager may in its sole discretion elect to defer payment of all or a portion of the Base Management Fees or the Subordinated
Management Fees (other than any Waived Management Fees) on any Payment Date by providing written notice to the Collateral Trustee and
the Issuer of such election, which notice shall specify the amount to be deferred, on or before the Determination Date preceding such
Payment Date (such amounts, together with any amounts so deferred, or deferred as a result of insufficient funds, on prior Payment Dates
that remain unpaid, the Deferred Base Management Fee or the Deferred Subordinated Management Fee,
as applicable, and, collectively, the Deferred Management Fees). For the avoidance of doubt, the payment of the Deferred
Base Management Fee is subject to the Priority of Payments, including, without limitation, with reference to the fact that on any Payment
Date, payments of the Deferred Base Management Fee that the Portfolio Manager may be repaid on such Payment Date shall be equal to the
lesser of (x) the amount designated by the Portfolio Manager for payment on such Payment Date and (y) (1) with respect
to any Deferred Base Management Fee that had been voluntarily deferred by the Portfolio Manager, the amount available for distribution
in excess of the current interest payments on the Debt (excluding any Deferred Base Management Fee elected by the Portfolio Manager to
be paid on such Payment Date) and (2) with respect to any Deferred Base Management Fee that had been deferred because of insufficient
funds being available, the amount available for distribution in excess of the current interest payments on the Class A-1 Debt or,
if no Class A-1 Debt is Outstanding, the Controlling Class (excluding any Deferred Base Management Fee elected by the Portfolio
Manager to be paid on such Payment Date) (the limits described in clauses (1) and (2) above together referred to as the Deferred
Base Management Fee Cap). The Portfolio Manager may elect to receive payment of all or any portion of the Deferred Base Management
Fee or the Deferred Subordinated Management Fee on any Payment Date to the extent of funds available in accordance with the Priority of
Payments on such Payment Date by providing notice to the Collateral Trustee of such election and the amount of such fees to be paid on
or before the related Determination Date preceding such Payment Date. No prior election to defer the payment of all or a portion of the
Base Management Fees or the Subordinated Management Fees on a Payment Date will imply a similar election on a subsequent Payment Date.

(iii) Without
limitation of the foregoing, the Portfolio Manager may, in its sole discretion, by written notice to the Collateral Trustee not later
than the related Determination Date, elect to irrevocably waive payment of or distribution in respect of all or any portion of the Base
Management Fee and/or the Subordinated Management Fee (including any Deferred Management Fees and any accrued and unpaid interest thereon,
if applicable) otherwise payable or distributable and available to be paid or distributed to it on any Payment Date in accordance with
the Priority of Payments (the Waived Management Fee). Any such Waived Management Fee will not thereafter become due
and payable and any claim of the Portfolio Manager therein will be extinguished.

(iv) Upon
the effectiveness of the termination, resignation or removal of the Portfolio Manager and the appointment of a successor portfolio manager
as provided for in Section 12(e) hereof, any prior waiver, deferral or reduction of any portion of the Base Management Fee and/or
the Subordinated Management Fee will be automatically revoked.

14

(v) [Reserved].

(b) The
Portfolio Manager shall be responsible for ordinary expenses incurred in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement; provided,
however, that (i) the expenses of employing outside lawyers or consultants in connection with any Collateral Obligation and
(ii) the expenses of employing outside lawyers to provide advice with respect to U.S. law in connection with the performance of the
Portfolio Managers obligations hereunder shall be reimbursed by the Issuer to the extent funds are available therefor in accordance
with and subject to the limitations contained in the Indenture.

(c) Subject
to Section 8(d), if this Agreement is terminated, any Management Fee (other than any Waived Management Fee) shall be pro-rated for
any partial periods between Payment Dates during which this Agreement was in effect and shall be due and payable on the first Payment
Date following the date of such termination subject to the Priority of Payments.

(d) Notwithstanding
the foregoing but subject to the proviso in this clause (d), if the Portfolio Manager is removed or resigns, any accrued and unpaid Management
Fees or Deferred Management Fees (unless otherwise waived in accordance with this Agreement and the Indenture) will immediately become
due and be payable in accordance with the Priority of Payments on the next Payment Date to the outgoing Portfolio Manager; provided
that, notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, in the event that the Portfolio Managers services hereunder terminate,
other than an involuntary termination not for Cause, then the terminating Portfolio Manager shall not be entitled to any Management Fees
on any Payment Date following the date of such termination.

(e) On
the Closing Date, the Portfolio Manager will be reimbursed by the Issuer for certain expenses (including legal fees and expenses) incurred
by the Portfolio Manager Affiliates in connection with their participation in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(f) Notwithstanding
the foregoing or anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Transaction Document, FSK hereby agrees that it will irrevocably
waive the Base Management Fee and the Subordinated Management Fee on each Payment Date so long as FSK acts as Portfolio Manager hereunder;
provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, any successor portfolio manager shall be entitled to all or any portion of the Management
Fees that would otherwise be due and payable to the Portfolio Manager on each Payment Date pursuant to the terms hereof and in accordance
with the Priority of Payments in the Indenture.

9. Benefit
of the Agreement.

The Portfolio Manager agrees
that its obligations hereunder shall be enforceable at the instance of (i) the Administrator, on behalf of the Issuer or (ii) the
Collateral Trustee, on behalf of the Holders and the other Secured Parties.

15

10. Limits
of Portfolio Manager Responsibility; Indemnity.

(a) Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, none of the Portfolio Manager, its Advisor, their affiliates and their respective senior advisors,
industry advisors, principals, members, managers, managing directors, directors, officers, stockholders, partners, employees and agents
(each, an Indemnified Party and, collectively, the Indemnified Parties) assumes any responsibility
hereunder other than the Portfolio Manager agrees to render the services required to be performed by it hereunder and under the terms
of the Indenture expressly applicable to it in good faith and subject to the standard of conduct described in this paragraph. None of
the Indemnified Parties shall be responsible for (A) any action or inaction of the Issuer or the Collateral Trustee in declining
to follow any advice, recommendation or direction of the Portfolio Manager or (B) any action or inaction of the Portfolio Manager
at the express direction of the Issuer, the Collateral Trustee or any other Person entitled under the Indenture to give directions to
the Portfolio Manager. The judgment of the Portfolio Manager will not be called into question as a result of subsequent information or
events. Without limiting the foregoing, the Indemnified Parties shall not be liable to the Issuer, the Collateral Trustee, the Holders,
any hedge agreement counterparties (under any hedge agreement that may be entered into as permitted by and in accordance with the Indenture),
the Placement Agents, the Structuring Agents, any of their respective affiliates or any other Person for any act, omission, error of judgment,
mistake of law, or for any claim, loss, liability, damage, judgments, assessments, settlement, cost, or other expense (including attorneys
fees and expenses and court costs) arising out of any investment, or for any other act or omission in the performance of the Portfolio
Managers obligations under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, incurred as a result of actions
taken or recommended or for any omissions of the Portfolio Manager, or for any decrease in the value of the Assets, except for liability
to which the Portfolio Manager would be subject by reason of (i) acts or omissions that have been determined in a final, non-appealable
judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to constitute bad faith, willful misconduct or gross negligence in the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the terms of the Indenture expressly applicable to the Portfolio Manager or (ii) the Portfolio
Manager Information contained in the Offering Circular, as of the date thereof, containing any untrue statement of a material fact or
omitting to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading (the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii) constituting Portfolio Manager Breaches). The
Portfolio Manager shall not be liable for any consequential, punitive, special, exemplary or treble damages or lost profits whatsoever
regardless of whether such losses or damages are foreseeable and regardless of the form of action. Subject to the limited recourse and
non-petition provisions in this Agreement, the Issuer (the Indemnifying Party) shall indemnify and hold harmless
the Indemnified Parties from and against any and all losses, claims, demands, costs, damages, liabilities, expenses of any nature (including
costs of investigation, attorneys fees and disbursements and accountants fees and expenses), judgments, fines, settlements
and other amounts, of any nature whatsoever, known or unknown, liquidated or unliquidated (collectively, Liabilities),
and will promptly reimburse each such Person for all reasonable fees and expenses (including fees and expenses of counsel) as such fees
and expenses are incurred in investigating, preparing, pursuing or defending any claim, action, proceeding or investigation with respect
to any pending or threatened litigation, cause by, or arising out of or in connection with (a) the assets or business of the Issuer
(b) the issuance of the Debt, (c) the transactions described in the Offering Circular, the Indenture or this Agreement, (d) any
action or failure to act by any Indemnified Party or (e) in respect of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material
fact contained in the Offering Circular, or any omission or alleged omission to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
in the Offering Circular, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that with respect to the
foregoing indemnity, the Issuer shall not be liable for any Liabilities that arise out of or are based upon any Portfolio Manager Breach.
The obligations of the Issuer to indemnify the Indemnified Parties shall be payable as Administrative Expenses in accordance with the
Priority of Payments.

16

(b) An
Indemnified Party shall (or with respect to an Indemnified Party other than the Portfolio Manager, the Portfolio Manager shall cause such
Indemnified Party to) promptly notify the Indemnifying Party if the Indemnified Party receives a complaint, claim, compulsory process
or other notice of any loss, claim, damage or liability giving rise to a claim for indemnification under this Section 10, but failure
so to notify the Indemnifying Party (i) shall not relieve such Indemnifying Party from its obligations under Section 10(a) above
unless and to the extent that it did not otherwise learn of such action or proceeding and to the extent such failure results in the forfeiture
by the Indemnifying Party of substantial rights and defenses to the extent such substantial rights and defenses would otherwise be available
under applicable law and (ii) shall not, in any event, relieve the Indemnifying Party of any obligations to any Person entitled to
indemnity pursuant to Section 10(a) above other than the indemnification obligations provided for in Section 10(a) above.

(c) Expenses
incurred by the Indemnified Parties in defending any proceeding subject to this Section 10 may, in the Portfolio Managers
sole discretion, be advanced by the Indemnifying Party prior to any judgment or settlement of such Liabilities (but not during any appeal
therefrom) entered by any court of competent jurisdiction which includes a finding that the Indemnified Parties conduct constituted
bad faith, willful misconduct, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the Portfolio Managers obligations hereunder, but only
if the Indemnifying Party has received a written commitment by or on behalf of the Indemnified Parties to repay such advances to the extent
that, and at such time as, it has been determined by a final, non-appealable judgment or settlement entered by any court of competent
jurisdiction that the act or omission of the Indemnified Parties constituted bad faith, willful misconduct, gross negligence or reckless
disregard of the Portfolio Managers obligations hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing (but without overriding Section 10(a)),
the Indemnifying Party will not advance any such expenses incurred in any proceeding brought by the Indemnified Parties against the Indemnifying
Party (other than in connection with an action brought by the Indemnified Parties to enforce its right to indemnification hereunder).

(d) Priority
of Indemnification.

(i) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Section 10, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, to the extent that the Indemnified
Parties are also entitled to be indemnified by, or receive advancement of expenses from, any potential, current or former Asset or an
obligor or issuer in respect of any of the Assets (an Asset Indemnitor) at which the Indemnified Parties are, were
or will be serving as a manager, member, trustee, agent, independent contractor or advisor (an Asset Indemnitee)
at the request of the Indemnifying Party, the Portfolio Manager or any of its Affiliates, with regards to any such Liabilities, it is
intended that (i) such Asset Indemnitor shall be the indemnitor of first resort (i.e., its obligations to the Indemnified Parties
are primary and any obligation of the Indemnifying Party (or any Affiliate thereof other than such Asset Indemnitor) to provide indemnification
or advancement for the same Liabilities (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in
respect of such Liabilities) incurred by the Indemnified Parties is secondary), (ii) the Indemnifying Partys obligation, if
any, to indemnify or advance expenses to the Indemnified Parties who are or were serving at the Indemnifying Partys request as
an Asset Indemnitee shall be reduced by any amount that the Indemnified Parties collect as indemnification or advancement from the applicable
Asset Indemnitor and (iii) if the Indemnifying Party (or any Affiliate thereof other than an Asset Indemnitor) pays or causes to
be paid, for any reason, any amounts that should have been paid by an Asset Indemnitor, then (x) the Indemnifying Party (or any such
Affiliate thereof other than an Asset Indemnitor) shall be fully subrogated to all rights of the relevant Indemnified Party with respect
to such payment and (y) each relevant Indemnified Party shall assign to the Indemnifying Party all of such Indemnified Partys
rights to advancement or indemnification with respect to such payment from or with respect to such Asset Indemnitor.

17

(ii) To
the extent that any Asset Indemnitor maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance coverage for any of its Asset
Indemnitees, and to the extent that any of the Indemnified Parties serves in any such capacity and coverage may be available in such capacity
under such insurance policy or policies, the Indemnified Parties shall request that such Asset Indemnitor cause such insurance policy
or policies to be paid and exhausted to cover any Liabilities (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in
connection with or in respect of the foregoing) that could be subject to advancement or indemnification hereunder before payment of such
Liabilities may be made hereunder or under any director and officer liability insurance policies, general partnership liability insurance
policies or other liability insurance policies that may be maintained by or on behalf of the Indemnifying Party or the Portfolio Manager
or any of its Affiliates (other than such Asset Indemnitor).

(iii) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Section 10, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, to the extent that an Indemnified
Party is also entitled to be indemnified by, or receive advancement of expenses from, the Portfolio Manager or any of its Affiliates (other
than the Issuer) (an Upper Tier Indemnitor) at which any Indemnified Parties are, were or will be serving as a director,
officer, employee, partner, manager, member, trustee, agent or independent contractor (an Upper Tier Indemnitee),
with regards to any such Liabilities, it is intended that, subject to Section 10(d)(i), (A) the Indemnifying Party shall be
the indemnitor of first resort (i.e., its obligations to such Indemnified Parties are primary and any obligation of any Upper Tier Indemnitor
to provide indemnification or advancement for the same Liabilities (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable
in connection with or in respect of such Liabilities) incurred by such Indemnified Parties are secondary), (B) any Upper Tier Indemnitors
obligation, if any, to indemnify or advance expenses to any Indemnified Parties who are or were serving as an Upper Tier Indemnitee shall
be reduced by any amount that such Indemnified Parties collect as indemnification or advancement from the Indemnifying Party and (C) if
any Upper Tier Indemnitor pays or causes to be paid, for any reason, any amounts that should have been paid by the Indemnifying Party,
then (x) such Upper Tier Indemnitor shall be fully subrogated to all rights of the relevant Indemnified Party with respect to such
payment and (y) each relevant Indemnified Party shall assign to such Upper Tier Indemnitor all of the Indemnified Partys rights
to advancement or indemnification with respect to such payment from or with respect to the Indemnifying Party.

18

(iv) In
lieu of any indemnification and/or advancement arrangements between the Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Parties, in its capacity as
an Asset Indemnitee or Upper Tier Indemnitee, as applicable, the Portfolio Manager or any of its Affiliates may enter into other similar
arrangements that they determine necessary or advisable to ensure that Indemnified Parties will remain eligible to be indemnified by,
or receive advancement of expenses from the Indemnifying Party, the applicable Asset Indemnitor or the applicable Upper Tier Indemnitor,
as applicable.

(e) The
Portfolio Manager may consult with legal counsel, tax advisors, accountants, investment bankers and other advisors, experts and third-party
professionals selected by the Portfolio Manager or any Portfolio Manager Affiliate with due care and any act or omission suffered or taken
by the Portfolio Manager on behalf of the Issuer or in furtherance of the interests of the Issuer in good faith in reliance upon and in
accordance with the advice of such Persons shall be full justification for any such act or omission, and the Portfolio Manager shall be
fully protected and not liable to the Issuer in so acting or omitting to act.

(f) Notwithstanding
anything herein or any other Transaction Documents to the contrary, the Portfolio Manager shall have no authority to hold (directly or
indirectly), or otherwise obtain possession of, any funds or securities of the Issuer (including Collateral Obligations or Eligible Investments).
The Portfolio Manager agrees that any requests or instructions regarding the disbursement of any funds in any Accounts must be made in
accordance with the Indenture or other Transaction Documents and must be sent to the Collateral Trustee. Without limiting the foregoing,
the Portfolio Manager shall have no authority to (i) sign checks on the Issuers behalf, (ii) deduct fees from any Account,
(iii) withdraw funds or securities from any Account, or (iv) dispose of funds in any Account for any purpose, in each case other
than pursuant to transactions authorized or permitted by the Indenture or other Transaction Documents. Nothing in this Section 10(f) shall
prohibit the Portfolio Manager from issuing instructions to the Collateral Trustee or Securities Intermediary to effect or to settle any
bills of sale, assignments, agreements and other instruments in connection with any acquisition, investment instruction, sale or other
disposition of any Assets of the Issuer as permitted by the Indenture or other Transaction Documents.

(g) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement or the Indenture, none of the services performed by the Portfolio Manager shall result in or
be construed as resulting in an obligation to perform any of the following: (i) the Portfolio Manager acting as an intermediary in
securities for the Issuer; (ii) the Portfolio Manager providing investment banking services to the Issuer; (iii) the Portfolio
Manager having direct contact with, or soliciting or finding, outside investors to invest in the Issuer or (iv) the Portfolio Manager
authorizing or causing the disbursement of money or other assets of the Issuer, except in accordance with this Agreement, the Indenture
or any other Transaction Documents or in connection with the acquisition, investment instruction, sale or disposal of the Issuers
Assets, it being understood that it is the intention of the parties to this Agreement that the Portfolio Manager not take any action through
the power of attorney granted hereby that would cause the Portfolio Manager to have custody of the Issuers funds or securities
within the meaning of Rule 206(4)-2 under the Advisers Act. Without limitation to the foregoing, in no event shall the Portfolio
Manager have authority to cause a disbursement (other than in connection with any acquisition, investment instruction, sale or other disposition
of any Assets of the Issuer as permitted by the Indenture or other Transaction Documents) by the Issuer except upon the approval of the
Issuers independent manager.

19

11. No
Partnership or Joint Venture.

The Issuer and the Portfolio
Manager are not partners or joint venturers with each other and nothing herein shall be construed to make them such partners or joint
venturers or impose any liability as such on either of them. The Portfolio Managers relation to the Issuer shall be deemed to be
solely that of an independent contractor.

12. Term;
Termination.

(a) This
Agreement shall commence as of the date first set forth above and shall continue in force until the first of the following occurs: (i) the
liquidation of the Assets and the final distribution of the proceeds of such liquidation, in accordance with the Indenture; or (ii) the
termination of this Agreement in accordance with Section 12(b) or Section 14 of this Agreement.

(b) This
Agreement may be terminated without cause by the Portfolio Manager, and the Portfolio Manager may resign upon 90 days (or such
shorter notice period acceptable to the Issuer) prior written notice to the Issuer and the Rating Agency; provided that, notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Portfolio Manager may resign and terminate its rights and obligations hereunder at any time if, due to a material change
in applicable law or regulation, the performance by the Portfolio Manager of its duties hereunder and under the Indenture would (i) be
a violation of such law or regulation or (ii) create an undue burden or expense that would have a materially adverse effect on the
Portfolio Managers ability to continue to perform its duties and obligations hereunder.

(c) [Reserved].

(d) If
this Agreement is terminated pursuant to this Section 12, such termination shall be without any further liability or obligation of
either party to the other, except as provided in Sections 8(c), 10, 15 and 31 of this Agreement, which provisions shall survive
the termination of this Agreement.

(e) Subject
to Section 12(f), upon any removal or resignation of the Portfolio Manager while the Debt is Outstanding, the Issuer, at the direction
of a Majority of the Interests and acting through its independent manager, shall appoint as successor portfolio manager an institution
which (i) has demonstrated an ability to professionally and competently perform duties similar to those imposed upon the Portfolio
Manager hereunder, (ii) is legally qualified and has the capacity to act as portfolio manager hereunder, as successor to the Portfolio
Manager under this Agreement in the assumption of all responsibilities, duties and obligations of the Portfolio Manager hereunder and
under the applicable terms of the Indenture, (iii) shall not cause the Issuer or any portion of the pool of Assets to become required
to register as an investment company under the provisions of the Investment Company Act and (iv) shall not cause the
Issuer to be subject to tax on a net basis in any jurisdiction other than its jurisdiction of incorporation.

20

(f) No
such termination, resignation or removal shall be effective until a successor portfolio manager has been approved by a Majority of the
Controlling Class following the designation of such successor by the Issuer (at the direction of a Majority of the Interests) and
the delivery by the Issuer of a notice naming and describing the qualifications of the successor portfolio manager to the Holders and
the appointment has become effective. Manager Debt may be voted in connection with the approval of any such successor unless the Portfolio
Manager has been removed for cause pursuant to Section 14. Such successor portfolio manager must be ready and
able to assume the duties of the Portfolio Manager within 40 days after the date of such notice of resignation or removal of the Portfolio
Manager. If no successor portfolio manager shall have been appointed and approved or an instrument of acceptance by a successor portfolio
manager shall not have been delivered to the Portfolio Manager by the later of (a) 30 days after designation of the successor portfolio
manager by the Issuer (at the direction of a Majority of the Interests) and the issuance of notice by the Issuer regarding the successor
portfolio manager to the Holders or (b) 50 days after the date of notice of resignation or removal of the Portfolio Manager, the
resigning or removed Portfolio Manager or the Collateral Trustee, at the direction of the Holders of a Majority of the Controlling Class,
may petition a court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor portfolio manager without the approval of any Holders.
No compensation payable to any successor portfolio manager from payments on the Assets shall be greater than that permitted by the Indenture.
The Issuer, the Collateral Trustee, the Portfolio Manager and the successor portfolio manager shall take such action consistent with this
Agreement and the terms of the Indenture applicable to the Portfolio Manager, as shall be necessary to effectuate any such succession.

13. Delegation;
Assignments.

(a) The
Portfolio Manager shall not assign its rights or obligations under the terms of this Agreement without (a) the prior written consent
of a Majority of the Interests (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), (b) the prior written consent
of a Majority of the Controlling Class (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) and (c) prior
written notice to the Rating Agency; provided, however, that the Portfolio Manager may, with prior notice to the Collateral
Trustee and the Rating Agency, assign its responsibilities to any Affiliate without the consent of any Person if the investment management
personnel primarily responsible for performing the duties required of the Portfolio Manager under the Portfolio Management Agreement will
be the same personnel immediately after such assignment; provided, however, that such assignment shall not (a) relieve
the Portfolio Manager of its responsibilities hereunder unless and until such responsibilities have been assumed by the Affiliate and
consent of the Issuer has been obtained, if necessary under the Advisers Act or (b) cause the Issuer to be subject to tax on a net
basis in any jurisdiction other than its jurisdiction of incorporation.

(b) Any
assignment pursuant to Section 13(a) hereof shall bind the assignee hereunder in the same manner as the Portfolio Manager is
bound. In addition, the assignee shall execute and deliver to the Issuer and the Collateral Trustee an appropriate agreement naming such
assignee as Portfolio Manager. Upon the execution and delivery of such a counterpart by the assignee, the Portfolio Manager shall be released
from further obligations pursuant to this Agreement, except with respect to its obligations under Section 10 of this Agreement arising
prior to such assignment and except with respect to its obligations under Sections 15 and 31 hereof. This Agreement shall not
be assigned by the Issuer without the prior written consent of the Portfolio Manager, except in the case of assignment by the Issuer to
(i) an entity which is a successor to the Issuer permitted under the Indenture in which case such successor organization shall be
bound hereunder and by the terms of said assignment in the same manner as the Issuer is bound thereunder or (ii) the Collateral Trustee
as contemplated by the Granting Clauses and Section 15.1 of the Indenture. In the event of any assignment by the Issuer, the Issuers
successor shall execute and deliver to the Portfolio Manager such documents as the Portfolio Manager shall consider reasonably necessary
to effect fully such assignment. No change in control of the Portfolio Manager, including any change in control resulting from a direct
or indirect transfer or hypothecation of voting securities of the Portfolio Manager that constitutes an assignment within
the meaning of the Advisers Act, shall be treated as an assignment for purposes of this Agreement; provided, however, if
there is a change of control of the Portfolio Manager that constitutes an assignment for purposes of the Advisers Act at
any time when the Portfolio Manager is registered or required to be registered as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act, this Agreement
may be continued only with the Issuers consent, acting through its independent manager and without the consent of any Holder or
other Person. The Portfolio Manager shall give prompt written notice to the Rating Agency of any assignment by the Portfolio Manager of
this Agreement.

21

14. Termination
by the Issuer for Cause.

This Agreement may be terminated
and the Portfolio Manager may be removed by the Issuer for cause upon 30 Business Days written notice to the Portfolio Manager
and the Collateral Trustee with the affirmative vote of the Holders of a Supermajority of all Debt Outstanding voting collectively; provided,
however, that in determining whether the Holders of the requisite percentage of Debt have given such vote, any Debt that constitutes
Manager Debt shall be disregarded and deemed not to be Outstanding. No such termination or removal shall be effective until the date as
of which a successor portfolio manager appointed pursuant to Section 12 shall have agreed in writing to assume all of the Portfolio
Managers duties and obligations pursuant to this Agreement. For purposes of determining cause with respect to termination
of this Agreement pursuant to this Section 14, such term shall mean any one of the following events:

(a) any
of the Portfolio Manager is wound up or dissolved or there is appointed over the Portfolio Manager or a substantial portion of its assets
a receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, trustee or similar officer; or the Portfolio Manager (i) ceases to be able to,
or admits in writing its inability to, pay its debts as they become due and payable, or makes a general assignment for the benefit of,
or enters into any composition or arrangement with, its creditors generally; (ii) applies for or consents (by admission of material
allegations of a petition or otherwise) to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, assignee, custodian, liquidator or sequestrator (or
other similar official) of the Portfolio Manager or of any substantial part of its properties or assets, or authorizes such an application
or consent, or proceedings seeking such appointment are commenced without such authorization, consent or application against the Portfolio
Manager and continue undismissed for 60 days; (iii) authorizes or files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, or applies
for or consents (by admission of material allegations of a petition or otherwise) to the application of any bankruptcy, reorganization,
arrangement, readjustment of debt, insolvency or dissolution, or authorizes such application or consent, or proceedings to such end are
instituted against the Portfolio Manager without such authorization, application or consent and are approved as properly instituted and
remain undismissed for 60 days or result in adjudication of bankruptcy or insolvency; or (iv) permits or suffers all or
any substantial part of its properties or assets to be sequestered or attached by court order and the order remains undismissed for 60 days;

22

(b) an
Event of Default under Section 5.1(a) of the Indenture has occurred and is continuing primarily as the result of any action
or failure to act by the Portfolio Manager, which breach or default is not cured within any applicable cure period;

(c) (i) an
act by the Portfolio Manager that constitutes fraud or criminal activity in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, as
determined pursuant to a final adjudication by a court of competent jurisdiction or (ii) the Portfolio Manager being convicted (after
all appeals and the expiration of time to appeal) of a criminal offense materially related to its asset management business; provided
that the Portfolio Manager will be deemed to have cured any event of cause pursuant to this clause (c) if the Portfolio Manager terminates
or causes the termination of employment with the Portfolio Manager of all individuals who engaged in the conduct constituting cause pursuant
to this clause (c); or

(d) the
Portfolio Manager willfully and intentionally violates any material provision of this Agreement or any terms of the Indenture applicable
to it, but not including a willful and intentional breach that results from a good faith dispute regarding reasonable alternative courses
of action or interpretation under this Agreement or the Indenture, or instructions related thereto (it being understood that failure to
meet any Concentration Limitations, Collateral Quality Test or Coverage Tests are not a breach), and (if such violation is capable of
being cured) such violation is not cured within 45 days after the Portfolio Manager gives or receives written notice of such
violation in accordance with the notification provisions of the Indenture, unless if such breach is not capable of being cured within
45 days, but is capable of being cured within 90 days, the Portfolio Manager has taken such action within the period in which a reasonably
prudent person could cure such breach (but in no event more than 90 days).

Notwithstanding the foregoing
clauses (b) and (d), it shall not constitute cause if, in acquiring or disposing of Collateral Obligations or Eligible
Investments on behalf of the Issuer, the Portfolio Manager believes in good faith that such purchase or disposition is in compliance with
the requirements under this Agreement and under the Indenture, but it is subsequently determined that such transaction is not so in compliance.

If any of the events constituting
cause as specified in this Section 14 shall occur, the Portfolio Manager shall give prompt written notice thereof to
the Issuer, the Collateral Trustee, the Rating Agency and the Holders upon the Portfolio Managers becoming aware of the occurrence
of such event.

There is no limitation or
restriction on the Portfolio Manager or any of its Affiliates with regard to acting as portfolio manager (or in a similar role) to other
parties or Persons. This and other future activities of the Portfolio Manager and/or its Affiliates may give rise to additional conflicts
of interest. The Issuer will be subject to various conflicts of interest involving the Portfolio Manager and its Affiliates and clients.

23

The Issuer will reimburse
the Portfolio Manager, to the extent funds are available therefor in accordance with and subject to the limitations contained in the Indenture,
for certain of its expenses incurred in connection with the offering of the Debt (including legal fees and expenses).

15. Action
Upon Termination.

(a) Subject
to Section 8(d), from and after the effective date of termination of this Agreement, the Portfolio Manager shall not be entitled
to compensation for further services hereunder, but shall be paid all compensation accrued to the date of termination, as provided in
Section 8 hereof, and the Portfolio Manager and every other Indemnified Party shall be entitled to receive any amounts owing under
Sections 8 and 10 hereof as in effect immediately prior to the effective date of the removal of the Portfolio Manager. Upon
termination, the Portfolio Manager shall as soon as practicable:

(i) deliver
to the Issuer all property and documents of the Collateral Trustee or the Issuer or otherwise relating to the Assets then in the custody
of the Portfolio Manager; and

(ii) deliver
to the Collateral Trustee an accounting with respect to the books and records delivered to the Collateral Trustee or the successor portfolio
manager appointed pursuant to Section 12(e) hereof.

Notwithstanding such termination,
the Portfolio Manager shall remain liable for its acts or omissions hereunder as described in Section 10 arising prior to termination
and for any expenses, losses, damages, liabilities, demands, charges and claims of any nature whatsoever (including reasonable attorneys
fees) in respect of or arising out of a breach of the representations and warranties made by the Portfolio Manager in Section 16(b) hereof
or from any failure of the Portfolio Manager to comply with the provisions of this Section 15.

(b) The
Portfolio Manager agrees that, notwithstanding any termination, it shall reasonably cooperate in any Proceeding arising in connection
with this Agreement, the Indenture or any of the Assets (excluding any such Proceeding in which claims are asserted against the Portfolio
Manager or any Affiliate of the Portfolio Manager) upon receipt of appropriate indemnification and expense reimbursement.

(c) In
connection with any termination of the Portfolio Manager pursuant to Section 14 or otherwise, the Issuer shall as soon as reasonably
practical (but in no event later than 30 days after such resignation or removal) and at its own expense, change its name to remove any
reference to Franklin Square, FS, FS Investments, KKR, FS KKR or
any such name, trademark, similar name or any derivation thereof or related reference thereto and no further use of any such name, trademark,
any similar name or derivation thereof will be permitted by the Issuer, the successor portfolio manager or any other Person in relation
to the activities of the Issuer without the prior consent of FSK.

24

16. Representations
and Warranties.

(a) The
Issuer hereby represents and warrants to the Portfolio Manager as follows:

(i) The
Issuer has been duly formed and is validly existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, has the full limited liability company power
and authority to own its assets and the investments proposed to be owned by it and included in the Assets and to transact the business
in which it is presently engaged and is duly qualified under the laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership or lease of property or
the conduct of its business requires, or the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, the Indenture or the Debt would require,
such qualification, except for failures to be so qualified, authorized or licensed that would not in the aggregate have a material adverse
effect on the business, operations, assets or financial condition of the Issuer.

(ii) The
Issuer has and at the time of execution of the respective agreements, issue of Debt shall have full limited liability company power and
authority to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement, the Indenture and the Debt and all obligations required hereunder or thereunder
and (A) has taken all necessary action to authorize this Agreement on the terms and conditions hereof and the execution, delivery
and performance of this Agreement, and (B) by the Closing Date will have taken all necessary action to authorize the Indenture and
the Debt on the terms and conditions thereof and will have taken all necessary action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance
of the Indenture and the Debt and the performance of all obligations imposed upon it hereunder and thereunder. No consent of any other
Person including, without limitation, members, manager (or other applicable governing body) and creditors of the Issuer, and no license,
permit, approval or authorization of, exemption by, notice or report to, or registration, filing or declaration with, any governmental
authority, other than those that may be required under state securities or blue sky laws and those that have been or shall
be obtained in connection with the Indenture and the issuance and incurrence, as applicable, of the Debt, is required by the Issuer in
connection with this Agreement or the Debt or the execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or the
Debt or the obligations imposed upon it hereunder or thereunder. This Agreement constitutes, and each instrument or document required
hereunder or thereunder, when executed and delivered hereunder or thereunder, shall constitute, the legally valid and binding obligation
of the Issuer enforceable against the Issuer in accordance with its terms, subject, as to enforcement, to (a) the effect of bankruptcy,
insolvency or similar laws affecting generally the enforcement of creditors rights, as such laws would apply in the event of any
bankruptcy, receivership, insolvency or similar event applicable to the Issuer and (b) general equitable principles (whether enforceability
of such principles is considered in a proceeding at law or in equity).

(iii) The
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the documents and instruments required hereunder do not violate any provision
of any existing law or regulation binding on the Issuer, or any order, judgment, award or decree of any court, arbitrator or governmental
authority binding on or applicable to the Issuer, or the Governing Instruments of, or any securities issued by, the Issuer or of any mortgage,
indenture, lease, contract or other agreement, instrument or undertaking to which the Issuer is a party or by which the Issuer or any
of its assets is or may be bound, the violation of which would have a material adverse effect on the business, operations, assets or financial
condition of the Issuer, and do not result in or require the creation or imposition of any lien on any of its property, assets or revenues
pursuant to the provisions of any such mortgage, indenture, lease, contract or other agreement, instrument or undertaking (other than
the lien of the Indenture).

25

(iv) The
Issuer is not in violation of its Governing Instruments or in breach or violation of or in default under the Indenture or any contract
or agreement to which it is a party or by which it or any of its assets may be bound, or any applicable statute or any rule, regulation
or order of any court, government agency or body having jurisdiction over the Issuer or its properties, the breach or violation of which
or default under which would have a material adverse effect on the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or the performance by
the Issuer of its duties hereunder.

(v) True
and complete copies of the Indenture and the Issuers Governing Instruments have been delivered to the Portfolio Manager.

(vi) The
Issuer is not required to be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act.

(vii) The
information contained in the Offering Circular (other than the Portfolio Manager Information) as of the date thereof does not and, as
of the Closing Date, will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to
make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, except that no representation or
warranty is made as to statements in or omissions from the Portfolio Manager Information.

The Issuer agrees to deliver a true and complete
copy of each and every amendment to the documents referred to in Section 16(a)(v) above to the Portfolio Manager as promptly
as practicable after its adoption or execution.

(b) The
Portfolio Manager hereby represents and warrants to the Issuer as follows:

(i) The
Portfolio Manager is a corporation duly incorporated and validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Maryland
and has full corporate power and authority to own its assets and to transact the business in which it is currently engaged and is duly
qualified as a corporation and is in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership or lease of property or the
conduct of its business requires, or the performance of this Agreement would require such qualification, except for those jurisdictions
in which the failure to be so qualified, authorized or licensed would not in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on the business,
operations, assets or financial condition of the Portfolio Manager or on the ability of the Portfolio Manager to perform its obligations
under, or on the validity or enforceability of, this Agreement and the provisions of the Indenture which are applicable to the Portfolio
Manager.

(ii) The
Portfolio Manager has full corporate power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement and all obligations required hereunder
and under the terms of the Indenture which are applicable to the Portfolio Manager, and the Portfolio Manager has taken all necessary
corporate action to authorize this Agreement on the terms and conditions hereof and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
and all obligations required hereunder and under the terms of the Indenture which are applicable to the Portfolio Manager. No consent
of any other Person, including, without limitation, creditors of the Portfolio Manager, and no license, permit, approval or authorization
of, exemption by, notice or report to, or registration, filing or declaration with, any governmental authority is required by the Portfolio
Manager in connection with this Agreement or the execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or the
obligations required hereunder or under the terms of the Indenture which are applicable to the Portfolio Manager. This Agreement has been,
and each instrument and document required hereunder or under the terms of the Indenture shall be, executed and delivered by a duly authorized
officer of the Portfolio Manager, and this Agreement constitutes, and each instrument and document required hereunder or under the terms
of the Indenture when executed and delivered by the Portfolio Manager shall constitute, the legally valid and binding obligation of the
Portfolio Manager enforceable against the Portfolio Manager in accordance with its terms, subject, as to enforcement, to (a) the
effect of bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting generally the enforcement of creditors rights, as such laws would apply
in the event of any bankruptcy, receivership, insolvency or similar event applicable to the Portfolio Manager and (b) general equitable
principles (whether enforceability of such principles is considered in a proceeding at law or in equity).

26

(iii) The
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the provisions of the Indenture applicable to the Portfolio Manager and the
documents and instruments required hereunder or under the terms of the Indenture do not violate any provision of any existing law or regulation
binding on or applicable to the Portfolio Manager, or any order, judgment, award or decree of any court, arbitrator or governmental authority
binding on the Portfolio Manager, or the Governing Instruments of, or any securities issued by the Portfolio Manager or of any mortgage,
indenture, lease, contract or other agreement, instrument or undertaking to which the Portfolio Manager is a party or by which the Portfolio
Manager or any of its assets is or may be bound, the violation of which would have a material adverse effect on the business operations,
assets or financial condition of the Portfolio Manager or its ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

(iv) There
is no charge, investigation, action, suit or proceeding before or by any court pending or, to the knowledge of the Portfolio Manager,
threatened that, if determined adversely to the Portfolio Manager, would have a material adverse effect upon the performance by the Portfolio
Manager of its duties under, or on the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or the provisions of the Indenture applicable to the
Portfolio Manager.

(v) The
Portfolio Manager is not in violation of its Governing Instruments or in breach or violation of or in default under any contract or agreement
to which it is a party or by which it or any of its property may be bound, or any applicable statute or any rule, regulation or order
of any court, government agency or body having jurisdiction over the Portfolio Manager or its properties, the breach or violation of which
or default under which would have a material adverse effect on the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or the provisions of the
Indenture applicable to the Portfolio Manager, or the performance by the Portfolio Manager of its duties hereunder or thereunder.

27

(vi) The
Portfolio Manager Information does not purport to provide the scope of disclosure required to be included in a prospectus with respect
to a registrant in connection with the offer and sale of securities of such registrant registered under the Securities Act. Within such
scope of disclosure, however, as of the date of the Offering Circular and the Closing Date, the Portfolio Manager Information stated therein
is true in all material respects and does not omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

17. Non-Exclusivity.

The services of the Portfolio
Manager to the Issuer are not to be deemed exclusive and the Portfolio Manager shall be free to render portfolio management, investment
management or other management services to other Persons (including Affiliates, investment companies and clients having objectives similar
to those of the Issuer).

18. [Reserved].

19. Notices.

Unless expressly provided
otherwise herein, all notices, requests, demands and other communications required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing
(including by telecopy or email) and shall be deemed to have been duly given, made and received when delivered against receipt or upon
actual receipt of registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, by hand delivery or by courier servicer, or,
in the case of telecopy notice or email, when received in legible form, addressed as set forth below:

(a) If
to the Issuer:

KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC

201 Rouse Blvd.

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19112

Attention: William Goebel;

Email: FSIC_Team@fsinvestments.com; credit.notices@fsinvestments.com;
portfolio.finance@fsinvestments.com

(b) If
to the Portfolio Manager:

FS KKR Capital Corp.

201 Rouse Blvd.

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19112

Attention: William Goebel;

Email: FSIC_Team@fsinvestments.com; credit.notices@fsinvestments.com;
portfolio.finance@fsinvestments.com

28

(c) If
to the Collateral Trustee:

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association

8 Greenway Plaza, Suite 1100

Houston, Texas 77046

Attention: Global Corporate Trust KKR FSK
CLO 2 LLC

Email: kkr.team@usbank.com

(d) If
to S&P:

CDO_Surveillance@spglobal.com

(e) If
to the Holders:

At their respective addresses as set forth in the
security register.

(f) If
to any Hedge Counterparties, if any Hedge Agreement shall be entered into after the date of execution of this Agreement in accordance
with the Indenture:

At their respective addresses set forth in the
relevant Hedge Agreement.

Any party may alter the address
or telecopy number to which communications or copies are to be sent by giving notice of such change of address in conformity with the
provisions of this Section 19 for the giving of notice.

20. Binding
Nature of Agreement; Successors and Assigns.

This Agreement shall be binding
upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective heirs, personal representatives, successors and assigns as provided
herein.

21. Entire
Agreement; Amendments.

(a) This
Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes
all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings, inducements and conditions, express or implied, oral or written, of any nature
whatsoever with respect to the subject matter hereof. The express terms hereof control and supersede any course of performance and/or
usage of the trade inconsistent with any of the terms hereof.

(b) This
Agreement may be amended or modified by an agreement in writing executed by the parties hereto, and with the consent of a Majority of
any Class of Debt materially and adversely affected thereby, if any; provided, that no consent of any Holder shall be required
for amendments made to (i) conform to changes in applicable law or to comply with any rule or regulation applicable to the Issuer,
the Portfolio Manager or this Agreement, (ii) correct any inconsistency, or cure any ambiguity, omission or manifest errors in this
Agreement or (iii) conform the provisions of this Agreement to the Offering Circular or the Indenture. Prior notice of any such amendment
to this Agreement will be provided to the Rating Agency.

29

22. Conflicts
with the Indenture.

In the event that this Agreement
requires any action to be taken with respect to any matter and the Indenture requires that a different action be taken with respect to
such matter, and such actions are mutually exclusive, the provisions of the Indenture in respect thereof shall control.

23. Subordination;
Consent to Assignment.

The Portfolio Manager agrees
that the payment of all amounts to which it is entitled pursuant to this Agreement shall be subordinated to the extent set forth in, and
the Portfolio Manager agrees to be bound by the provisions of, Articles V, XI, XIII and XV of the Indenture as if the Portfolio
Manager were a party to the Indenture and each of the Portfolio Manager and the Issuer hereby consents to the assignment of this Agreement
as provided in Section 15.1 of the Indenture.

24. Governing
Law.

THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED
BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

25. Indulgences
Not Waivers.

Neither the failure nor any
delay on the part of any party hereto to exercise any right, remedy, power or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver
thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise of the
same or of any other right, remedy, power or privilege, nor shall any waiver of any right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to
any occurrence be construed as a waiver of such right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to any other occurrence. No waiver shall
be effective unless it is in writing and is signed by the party asserted to have granted such waiver.

26. Costs
and Expenses.

The reasonable costs and expenses
(including the fees and disbursements of counsel and accountants) incurred by the Portfolio Manager in connection with the negotiation
and preparation of and the execution of this Agreement, and all matters incident thereto, shall be borne by the Issuer.

27. Titles
Not to Affect Interpretation.

The titles of paragraphs and
subparagraphs contained in this Agreement are for convenience only, and they neither form a part of this Agreement nor are they to be
used in the construction or interpretation hereof.

28. Execution
in Counterparts.

This Agreement may be executed
in any number of counterparts by facsimile or other written form of communication, each of which shall be deemed to be an original as
against any party whose signature appears thereon, and all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement
shall become binding when one or more counterparts hereof, individually or taken together, shall bear the signatures of all of the parties
reflected hereon as the signatories.

30

29. Provisions
Separable.

In case any provision in this
Agreement shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable as written, such provision shall be construed in the manner most closely resembling
the apparent intent of the parties with respect to such provision so as to be valid, legal and enforceable; provided, however,
that if there is no basis for such a construction, such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such invalidity, illegality
or unenforceability and, unless the ineffectiveness of such provision destroys the basis of the bargain for one of the parties to this
Agreement, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof or thereof shall not in any way be affected or
impaired thereby.

30. Number
and Gender.

Words used herein, regardless
of the number and gender specifically used, shall be deemed and construed to include any other number, singular or plural, and any other
gender, masculine, feminine or neuter, as the context requires.

31. Limited
Recourse; Non-Petition.

Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement, the obligations of the Issuer hereunder are limited recourse obligations of the Issuer, payable solely from
the Assets and only to the extent of funds available from time to time in accordance with the Priority of Payments, and following exhaustion
of such amounts, all obligations of the Issuer and any claims of the Portfolio Manager hereunder shall be extinguished and shall not thereafter
revive. The Portfolio Manager further agrees (i) not to take any action in respect of any claims hereunder against any officer, director,
employee, administrator or shareholder of the Issuer and (ii) not to institute against, or join any other Person in instituting against,
the Issuer any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, moratorium, winding-up or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings
under U.S. federal or state bankruptcy or similar laws until at least one year (or, if longer, the applicable preference period then
in effect) and one day, after payment in full of all Debt issued and incurred, as applicable, under the Indenture; provided, however,
that nothing in this Section 31(ii) shall preclude, or be deemed to estop, the Portfolio Manager (A) from taking any action
prior to the expiration of the applicable preference period in (x) any case or proceeding voluntarily filed or commenced by the Issuer
or (y) any involuntary insolvency proceeding filed or commenced against the Issuer by a Person other than the Portfolio Manager,
or (B) from commencing against the Issuer or any properties of the Issuer any legal action which is not a bankruptcy, reorganization,
arrangement, insolvency, winding-up, moratorium or liquidation proceeding.

32. No
Waiver of Non-Waivable Rights.

It is understood that certain
provisions of this Agreement may serve to limit the potential liability of the Portfolio Manager. The Issuer has had the opportunity to
consult with the Portfolio Manager as well as, if desired, its professional advisors and legal counsel as to the effect of these provisions.
It is further understood that certain applicable laws including, but not limited to, the Advisers Act may impose liability or allow for
legal remedies even where the Portfolio Manager has acted in good faith and that the rights under those laws may be non-waivable. Nothing
in this Agreement shall, in any way, constitute a waiver or limitation of any rights which may not be so limited or waived in accordance
with applicable law.

[Signature Pages Follow]

31

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Portfolio
Management Agreement as of the date first written above.

KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC, 

as Issuer 

By: FSK KKR Capital Corp., its designated
manager 

By /s/ William Goebel 

Name:William Goebel 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

[Portfolio Management Agreement] 

FS KKR CAPITAL CORP., 

as Portfolio
Manager 

By /s/ William Goebel 

Name:William Goebel 

Title:Chief Financial Officer 

[Portfolio Management Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm2511364d1_ex10-4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.4
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

EXECUTION
VERSION

CLASS A-1L CREDIT AGREEMENT

dated as of March 28, 2025

among

KKR - FSK CLO 2 LLC

as Borrower,

THE VARIOUS FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS TIME TO TIME
PARTY HERETO,

as Lenders,

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Loan Agent

and

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Collateral Trustee

Table
of Contents

Page

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 1

Section 1.1 Defined Terms 1

Section 1.2 Use of Defined Terms 1

Section 1.3 Amendment and Restatement of Promissory Note 2

Section 1.4 Interpretation 2

Section 1.5 Accounting Matters 2

Section 1.6 Collateral Documents 2

Section 1.7 Conflict Between Credit Documents 2

Section 1.8 Legal Representation of the Parties 2

ARTICLE II COMMITMENTS 2

Section 2.1 Commitments of Each Lender 2

Section 2.2 Fees 3

ARTICLE III LOANS AND LENDER NOTES 3

Section 3.1 Borrowing Procedure 3

Section 3.2 Lender Notes 3

Section 3.3 Principal Payments 5

Section 3.4 Interest 6

Section 3.5 Method and Place of Payment 7

Section 3.6 Subordination 7

Section 3.7 Conversion 8

Section 3.8 Additional Loans 8

ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS 9

Section 4.1 Loan Date 9

ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, AND COVENANTS 9

Section 5.1 Payment of Principal and Interest 9

Section 5.2 Maintenance of Office or Agency 9

Section 5.3 Money for Loan Payments to be Held in Trust 10

Section 5.4 Existence of Borrower 10

Section 5.5 Protection of Assets 10

Section 5.6 Opinions as to Assets 10

-i- 

Table
of Contents

(continued)

Page

Section 5.7 Performance of Obligations 10

Section 5.8 Negative Covenants 10

Section 5.9 Statement as to Compliance 10

Section 5.10 Successor Substituted 10

Section 5.11 No Other Business 11

Section 5.12 Annual Rating Review 11

Section 5.13 Calculation Agent 11

Section 5.14 Certain Tax Matters 11

Section 5.15 Representations Relating to Security Interests in the Assets 11

ARTICLE VI EVENTS OF DEFAULT 14

Section 6.1 Default and Events of Default 14

Section 6.2 Acceleration 14

Section 6.3 Remedies 14

ARTICLE VII THE AGENTS 14

Section 7.1 Appointment 14

Section 7.2 Nature of Duties 15

Section 7.3 Lack of Reliance on the Agents 15

Section 7.4 Certain Rights of the Agents 15

Section 7.5 Not Responsible for Recitals, Incurrence of Loans or Issuance of Notes 19

Section 7.6 May Hold Loans or Notes 19

Section 7.7 Holders of Lender Notes; Transferee of Assignment Agreement 19

Section 7.8 Compensation and Reimbursement 20

Section 7.9 Agents Required; Eligibility 21

Section 7.10 Resignation and Removal of Agents; Appointment of Successor Agents 21

Section 7.11 Acceptance of Appointment by Successor Agents 23

Section 7.12 Merger, Conversion, Consolidation or Succession to Business of Agents 23

Section 7.13 Representations and Warranties of U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association 23

-ii- 

Table
of Contents

(continued)

Page

ARTICLE VIII MISCELLANEOUS 25

Section 8.1 Payment of Expenses, Etc. 25

Section 8.2 Right of Setoff 25

Section 8.3 Notices 25

Section 8.4 Benefit of Agreement 26

Section 8.5 No Waiver; Remedies Cumulative 27

Section 8.6 Payments Pro Rata 28

Section 8.7 Calculations; Computations 28

Section 8.8 Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Venue; Waiver of Jury Trial 28

Section 8.9 Counterparts 29

Section 8.10 Effectiveness 29

Section 8.11 Headings Descriptive 29

Section 8.12 Amendment or Waiver 29

Section 8.13 Survival 31

Section 8.14 Domicile of Loans 31

Section 8.15 Confidentiality 31

Section 8.16 Register 31

Section 8.17 Marshalling; Recapture 32

Section 8.18 Lender Representations, etc.; Non-Recourse Obligations 32

Section 8.19 [Reserved] 34

Section 8.20 No Petition 34

Section 8.21 Acknowledgment 35

Section 8.22 Limitation on Suits 35

Section 8.23 Unconditional Rights of Lenders to Receive Principal and Interest 35

Section 8.24 Termination of Agreement 35

Section 8.25 Lender Information 35

Section 8.26 Lender Consent 35

Section 8.27 [Reserved] 35

Section 8.28 [Reserved] 35

Section 8.29 USA PATRIOT Act 35

-iii- 

ANNEXES, EXHIBITS AND SCHEDULES

ANNEX X Definitions

EXHIBIT A Form of Lender Note 

EXHIBIT B Form of Assignment and Assumption Agreement 

EXHIBIT C Form of Conversion Notice 

EXHIBIT D Confirmation of Registration

SCHEDULE 1 Commitments and Percentages 

SCHEDULE 2 Lending Offices and Notice Data 

SCHEDULE 3 Payment Instructions for Lenders 

SCHEDULE 4 Loan Agent Wiring Instructions

-iv- 

CLASS A-1L CREDIT AGREEMENT

THIS CLASS A-1L CREDIT
AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of March 28, 2025, is entered into by and among KKR - FSK CLO 2 LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company (the Borrower), VARIOUS FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS AND OTHER PERSONS which are, or
may become, parties hereto as Lenders (the Lenders), and U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, not in its
individual capacity but as Loan Agent (in such capacity, the Loan Agent) and as Collateral Trustee under the Indenture
(in such capacity, the Collateral Trustee).

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, the Borrower is a
Delaware limited liability company and organized for the purpose of investing on a leveraged basis and actively managing a diversified
pool of Collateral Obligations (as such term and the other capitalized terms used in these recitals are defined in Section 1.1
below);

WHEREAS, the Borrower will
be issuing Notes under the Indenture as Issuer subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, and will pledge as security for
the Notes and the Loans all of the Assets, as set forth in the Indenture;

WHEREAS, the Borrower desires
to obtain Commitments from the Lenders, pursuant to which Loans shall be made, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, in
a maximum aggregate principal amount not to exceed at any time the Aggregate Commitment at such time; and

WHEREAS, the Lenders are willing,
on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, to extend such Commitments;

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties
hereto, intending to be legally bound hereby, agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS
AND INTERPRETATION

Section 1.1 Defined
Terms. As used in this Agreement, and unless the context requires a different meaning, capitalized terms used but not defined herein
shall have the respective meanings set forth in Annex X hereto (or, if not so defined, in the Indenture). The parties hereto acknowledge
and agree that the Loans made under this Agreement are the Class A-1A Loans referred to in the Indenture.

Section 1.2 Use
of Defined Terms. Unless otherwise defined or the context otherwise requires, terms for which meanings are provided in this Agreement
shall have such meanings when used in each Assignment Agreement, notice and other communication delivered from time to time in connection
with this Agreement or any other Credit Document.

1

Section 1.3 Interpretation.
In this Agreement, unless a clear contrary intention appears:

(a) the
singular includes the plural and the plural the singular;

(b) words
importing any gender include the other genders;

(c) references
to writing include printing, typing, lithography and other means of reproducing words in a visible form;

(d) references
to agreements (including this Agreement and the Annex and Exhibits and Schedules hereto) and other contractual instruments include all
amendments, modifications and supplements thereto or any changes therein entered into in accordance with their respective terms and not
prohibited by the Indenture or this Agreement;

(e) references
to Persons include their permitted successors and assigns but if applicable, only if such successors and assigns are permitted by this
agreement, and reference to a Person in a particular capacity excludes such Person in any other capacity or individually; and

(f) the
term including means including without limitation.

Section 1.4 Accounting
Matters. For purposes of this Agreement, all accounting terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them
in conformity with GAAP.

Section 1.5 Collateral
Documents. References in this Agreement to the Indenture or any other Collateral Document, in a case where such Collateral Document
is or would be governed by the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of New York, shall mean and be a reference to a document
having a purpose and effect under the laws of such other jurisdiction substantially similar to the purpose and effect of the corresponding
Collateral Document.

Section 1.6 Conflict
Between Credit Documents. If there is any conflict between this Agreement and the Indenture or any other Credit Document, this Agreement,
the Indenture and such other Credit Document shall be interpreted and construed, if possible, so as to avoid or minimize such conflict
but, to the extent (and only to the extent) of such conflict, the Indenture shall prevail and control and in any other case this Agreement
shall prevail and control.

Section 1.7 Legal
Representation of the Parties. This Agreement was negotiated by the parties with the benefit of legal representation and any rule of
construction or interpretation otherwise requiring this Agreement or any other Credit Document to be construed or interpreted against
any party shall not apply to any construction or interpretation hereof or thereof.

ARTICLE II

COMMITMENTS

Section 2.1 Commitments
of Each Lender. (a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, each Lender severally and for itself alone agrees
to make a Loan (as defined below) to the Borrower in a principal amount equal to such Lenders Percentage of the Aggregate Commitment.

2

(b) Each
Lender shall, on the Closing Date and subject to the terms and conditions hereof, severally, but not jointly, make a term loan (a Loan
and, collectively, the Loans) to the Borrower (the payment of which may be made to the Collateral Trustee on behalf
of the Borrower) for deposit (pursuant to the wiring instructions on Schedule 4 hereto) in a principal amount equal to such Lenders
Percentage of the Aggregate Commitment. The commitment of each Lender to make Loans under this Section 2.1(b) is herein
referred to as its Commitment and, together with its Percentage of the Aggregate Commitment, is set forth in Schedule
1 hereto.

(c) Each
Loan shall be denominated in Dollars. Subject to the terms hereof, the Borrower may from time to time prepay the Loans in accordance with
the Priority of Payments and in connection with a redemption of the Debt in accordance with Article IX of the Indenture; provided
that the Borrower may not borrow or re-borrow any Loans after prepayment or repayment thereof.

Section 2.2 Fees.
The Borrower shall pay fees to the Loan Agent and the Collateral Trustee in the amount specified in the Agent Fee Letter, for all services
rendered by each hereunder (which compensation shall not be limited by any provision of law in regard to the compensation of a trustee
or loan agent, as applicable, of an express trust), subject to and in accordance with the Indenture, including the Priority of Payments.
Such fees shall constitute Administrative Expenses and shall be payable solely from available funds in accordance with the Priority of
Payments (or in such other manner in which Administrative Expenses are payable under the Indenture).

ARTICLE III

LOANS
AND LENDER NOTES

Section 3.1 Borrowing
Procedure. Borrowings of Loans shall be made in accordance with this Section 3.1.

Section 3.1.1 Funding
of the Borrowing. (a) Upon receipt of confirmation from the Borrower (or its counsel on its behalf) that the conditions set forth
in Section 4.1 have been satisfied, each Lender shall make available its pro rata share (based on such Lenders Percentage)
of the Aggregate Commitments in the manner provided below. All such amounts shall be made available in Dollars, and in immediately available
funds to the Collateral Trustee for deposit pursuant to the Indenture.

(b) Nothing
herein shall be deemed to relieve any Lender from its obligation to fulfill its Commitments and other commitments hereunder or to prejudice
any rights which the Borrower may have against any Lender as a result of any default by such Lender hereunder.

Section 3.2 Lender
Notes. (a) On the Loan Date to the extent requested by any Lender, the Borrower shall (i) sign a Lender Note in the name
of such Lender in a maximum principal amount equal to such Lenders Percentage of the Aggregate Commitments, which such Lender Notes
shall be dated the Loan Date and substantially in the form of Exhibit A (a Lender Note) and (ii) deliver
such Lender Note to such Lender (with a copy to the Loan Agent). If requested by any Lender, the Borrower shall obtain a CUSIP or other
loan identification number that is customary for the nature of the Loans made hereunder. To the extent any Lender does not elect to receive
a Lender Note, the Registrar shall, upon instruction of the Borrower, deliver to such Lender a Confirmation of Registration in the form
of Exhibit D hereto.

3

(b) The
Borrower hereby irrevocably authorizes the Loan Agent to make (or cause to be made) appropriate notations on its internal records, which
notations shall evidence, inter alia, the date of, the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of, and the Interest Rate applicable to, the
Loans evidenced thereby. The notations on such internal records indicating the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Loans made by such
Lender shall be prima facie evidence (absent manifest error) of the principal amount thereof owing and unpaid, but the failure
to record any such amount, or any error therein, shall not limit or otherwise affect the obligations of the Borrower hereunder or under
any Lender Note to make payment of principal of or interest on such Loans when due. At any time (including to replace any Lender Note
that has been destroyed or lost) when any Lender requests the delivery of a new Lender Note to evidence any of its Loans, the Borrower
shall promptly execute and deliver to such Lender the Lender Note in the appropriate amount or amounts to evidence such Loans; provided,
for the avoidance of doubt, that, other than in the case of a substitute or replacement Lender Note to replace a Lender Note that has
been destroyed or lost, only one Lender Note shall be issued to any Lender and the Borrower shall not deliver a new Lender Note to any
requesting Lender until such Lender surrenders the Lender Note currently held by such Lender; provided, further, that, in
the case of a substitute or replacement Lender Note, the Borrower and the Loan Agent shall have received from such requesting Lender (i) evidence
to their reasonable satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of any Lender Note and (ii) there is delivered to the Borrower,
the Loan Agent, the Collateral Trustee and the Transfer Agent such security or indemnity as may be required by them to save each of them
harmless, then, in the absence of notice to the Borrower, the Loan Agent, the Collateral Trustee and/or such Transfer Agent that such
Lender Note has been acquired by a protected purchaser (within the meaning of Section 8-303 of the UCC), the Borrower
shall execute and, upon receipt of such executed Lender Note, the Collateral Trustee shall deliver to the Holder, in lieu of any such
mutilated, defaced, destroyed, lost or stolen Lender Note, the new Lender Note, of like tenor (including the same date of issuance) and
equal principal or face amount, registered in the same manner, dated the date of its issuance, bearing interest from the date to which
interest has been paid on the mutilated, defaced, destroyed, lost or stolen Lender Note; provided, further, that, in connection
with the Stated Maturity or Redemption Date of the Loans, each Lender shall surrender the Lender Notes to the Borrower for payment of
the Redemption Price or final payment of principal of such Loans in accordance with the Priority of Payments. Such surrender shall occur
either at the address specified herein for Borrower.

If, after delivery of such
new Lender Note, a protected purchaser of the predecessor Lender Note presents for payment, transfer or exchange such predecessor Lender
Note, the Borrower, the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent and such Transfer Agent shall be entitled to recover such new Lender Note from
the Person to whom it was delivered or any Person taking therefrom, and shall be entitled to recover upon the security or indemnity provided
therefor to the extent of any loss, damage, cost or expense incurred by the Borrower, the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent and such
Transfer Agent in connection therewith.

4

In case any such mutilated,
defaced, destroyed, lost or stolen Lender Note has become due and payable, the Borrower in its discretion may, instead of issuing a new
Lender Note pay such Lender Note without requiring surrender thereof except that any mutilated or defaced Lender Note shall be surrendered.

Upon the issuance of any new
Note under this Section 3.2, the Borrower may require the payment by the Lender thereof of a sum sufficient to cover any tax
or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation thereto and any other expenses (including the fees and expenses of the Collateral
Trustee and the Loan Agent) connected therewith.

All Lender Notes surrendered
for payment, registration of transfer, conversion, exchange or redemption, or mutilated, defaced or deemed lost or stolen, shall be promptly
canceled by the Borrower and may not be reissued or resold. No Lender Note may be surrendered (including any surrender in connection with
any abandonment, donation, gift, contribution or other event or circumstance) except for payment as provided herein, or for registration
of transfer, exchange, conversion or redemption, or for replacement in connection with any Lender Note mutilated, defaced or deemed lost
or stolen. Any such Lender Note shall, if surrendered to any Person other than the Borrower, be delivered to the Borrower. All canceled
Lender Notes held by the Borrower shall be destroyed or held by the Borrower in accordance with its standard retention policy.

The provisions of this Section 3.2
are exclusive and shall preclude (to the extent lawful) all other rights and remedies with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated,
defaced, destroyed, lost or stolen Lender Notes.

Section 3.3 Principal
Payments.

Section 3.3.1 Repayments
and Prepayments. The Borrower shall make payments of unpaid principal of each Loan on each Payment Date to the extent provided in
the Priority of Payments and Article IX of the Indenture.

Section 3.3.2 Application.
Each repayment and prepayment of a Loan shall be subject to the terms of the Indenture (including the subordination provisions set forth
in Section 13.1 thereof and the Priority of Payments set forth in Section 11.1(a) thereof) and the requirement to pay Lenders
on a pro rata basis as set forth in Section 8.6. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Loans shall
comprise and be a part of the Class A-1 Debt and, as such, shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Indenture applicable
to the Class A-1 Debt, and shall have the rights afforded in the Indenture to the Class A-1 Debt (to the extent of the component
thereof consisting of the Loans).

Section 3.3.3 Mandatory
Prepayment. The Loans are subject to prepayment in connection with a mandatory redemption of the Debt as set forth in Section 9.1
of the Indenture (a Mandatory Prepayment).

Section 3.3.4 Special
Prepayment. The Loans are subject to prepayment in connection with a Special Redemption as set forth in Section 9.6 of the Indenture.

5

Section 3.3.5 Optional
Prepayment. The Loans are subject to prepayment in connection with an Optional Redemption as set forth in Section 9.2 of the
Indenture or a Tax Redemption as set forth in Section 9.3 of the Indenture.

Section 3.3.6 Prepayment
in Connection with Clean-Up Call Redemption of Notes. The Loans are subject to prepayment in connection with a Clean-Up Call Redemption
as set forth in Section 9.7 of the Indenture.

Section 3.3.7 Re-Pricing.
The Loans are subject to Re-Pricing as set forth in Section 9.8 of the Indenture.

Section 3.4 Interest.

Section 3.4.1 Interest
Rules and Calculations. (a) Interest on each Loan shall be payable in respect of each Loan, on each Payment Date and on
any date of prepayment or repayment of such Loan, commencing on the first Payment Date following the Loan Date in accordance with the
terms of the Indenture (including the subordination provisions set forth in Section 13.1 thereof and the Priority of Payments set
forth in Section 11.1(a) thereof). For each Loan, interest shall accrue during each Interest Accrual Period on the unpaid Aggregate
Outstanding Amount of such Loan on the first day of the applicable Interest Accrual Period (after giving effect to payments of principal
thereon on such date).

(b) Interest
due and payable shall be determined in accordance with Section 2.7 of the Indenture.

(c) The
Borrower shall make (or cause to be made) all payments of interest to the Loan Agent for the account of each Lender in accordance with
Section 3.5.

(d) The
Lenders hereby consent to the Borrowers appointment of the Collateral Administrator to serve as Calculation Agent under the Indenture.
All computations of interest due shall be made by the Calculation Agent in accordance with Section 8.7 hereof and subject
to and in accordance with Section 7.16 of the Indenture. The Borrower hereby agrees that for so long as any Loans remain Outstanding,
there will at all times be a Calculation Agent appointed under the Indenture to calculate SOFR (or after the designation of a Fallback
Rate, such Fallback Rate) in respect of the Debt.

(e) In
no event shall the rate of interest applicable to any Loan exceed the maximum rate permitted by applicable law.

(f) Upon
an assignment of Loans pursuant to Section 8.4, unless otherwise directed by the assignor Lender, the assigned Loans shall
trade without accrued interest and the Loan Agent shall, in accordance with the Priority of Payments on the Payment Date immediately succeeding
the date of assignment, disburse to (x) the assignor Lender, the interest accrued on such assigned Loan from and including the previous
Payment Date (or, in the case of the first Interest Accrual Period, the Closing Date) to but excluding such date of assignment and (y) the
assignee Lender, the interest accrued on such assigned Loan from and including such date of assignment to but excluding such Payment Date.

6

Section 3.5 Method
and Place of Payment. (a) To the extent funds are available pursuant to the Priority of Payments, all payments by the Borrower
of principal and interest in respect of Loans hereunder and all fees and all other Loans hereunder shall be made in accordance with Sections
2.7 and 11.1 of the Indenture. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, all payments under this Agreement shall be made to the
Loan Agent for the ratable (based on their applicable Percentages) account of the Lenders entitled thereto (which funds, if delivered
to the Loan Agent, the Loan Agent shall promptly forward to such Lenders), on the date when due and shall be made in immediately available
funds to the account with the wire instructions specified in Schedule 3 (or in the Assignment Agreement, as applicable). For the
avoidance of doubt, all payments by the Borrower of principal and interest in respect of Loans, or any other amounts owed to a Lender
hereunder, payable on a Payment Date shall be made to, subject to Section 3.4.1(f), the Lender of record.

Section 3.6 Subordination.

(a) Incorporation
of Subordination Provisions of the Indenture. All Loans incurred pursuant to this Agreement are subject to, and each Lender hereby
consents and agrees to, the subordination and remedy provisions set forth in Section 13.1 of the Indenture. Article XIII of
the Indenture shall be binding upon each Lender as though such sections (and the corresponding defined terms) had been set forth herein
in their entirety.

(b) Each
Lender hereby acknowledges and agrees that all of its Loans are subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Indenture
and shall be paid solely to the extent of available funds in accordance with the Priority of Payments. Each Lender hereby agrees and acknowledges
that its right to payment shall be subordinate and junior to any payments owed under Sections 11.1(a)(i)(A) and (B) of the Indenture
and, any applicable payments owed under Section 11.1(a)(ii)(A) of the Indenture senior to payments with respect to the Loans
and any payments owed under Sections 11.1(a)(iii)(A) and (B) of the Indenture (collectively, the Senior Items)
of the Indenture, as applicable. In the event that, notwithstanding the provisions of this Agreement and the Indenture, any Lender shall
have received any payment or distribution in respect of its Loans contrary to the provisions of the Indenture or this Agreement, then,
unless and until each Senior Item shall have been paid in full in Cash or, to the extent each recipient of such Senior Item consents,
such payment or distribution shall be received and held in trust for the benefit of, and shall forthwith be paid over and delivered to,
the Collateral Trustee, which shall pay and deliver the same in respect of the Senior Items in accordance with the Indenture; provided,
however, that if any such payment or distribution is made other than in Cash, it shall be held by the Collateral Trustee as part
of the Assets and subject in all respects to the provisions of the Indenture. Each Lender agrees with all recipients of Senior Items that
such Lender shall not demand, accept, or receive any payment or distribution in respect of its Loans in violation of the provisions of
the Indenture. Nothing in this Section 3.6(b) shall affect the obligation of the Borrower to pay the Lenders hereunder.

(c) Agents
Entitled to Assume Payment Not Prohibited in Absence of Notice. Each of the Agents shall not at any time be charged with knowledge
of the existence of any facts which would prohibit the making of any payment to or by such Agent unless and until such Agent has actual
knowledge thereof or unless and until such Agent shall have received and accepted (in its role as Agent) written notice thereof from the
Borrower (in the form of an Officers Certificate reasonably satisfactory to such Agent) or Persons representing themselves to be
other holders of obligations payable hereunder or under any Credit Document by the Borrower, and, prior to the receipt of any such written
notice, such Agent, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, shall be entitled in all respects conclusively to assume that no such
fact exists, and such Agent shall have no liability hereunder for any payment made, or action taken, by it without such knowledge or notice.

7

Section 3.7 Conversion.
(a) Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, upon delivery from a Converting Lender to the Collateral Trustee,
the Loan Agent, the Rating Agency and the Borrower of a notice substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto, a Converting
Lender may elect any Business Day (such Business Day, a Conversion Date) upon which all or a portion of the Aggregate
Outstanding Amount of the Loans held by such Converting Lender shall be converted into Class A-1 Notes of an equal Aggregate Outstanding
Amount in accordance with Section 2.15(a) of the Indenture; provided that (i) each Conversion Date shall be no earlier
than the fifth Business Day following the date such notice is delivered (or such earlier date as may be reasonably agreed to by the Converting
Lender, the Collateral Trustee, the Portfolio Manager and the Loan Agent) and (ii) there will be no Conversion Date between the Record
Date or a Determination Date (whichever is earlier) and the Payment Date. On each Conversion Date, the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of
the Class A-1 Notes shall be increased by the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Loans so converted; provided, that each
such conversion shall be in an amount equal to or greater than U.S.$250,000. The Loans so converted will cease to be Outstanding and will
be deemed to have been repaid in full for all purposes under the Indenture and under this Agreement. No Class A-1 Notes may be converted
into Loans.

(b) The
Lenders agree to provide reasonable assistance to the Collateral Trustee and the Loan Agent in connection with such conversion, including,
but not limited to, providing applicable instructions to DTC, the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent and the Note Registrar or Loan Registrar,
as applicable.

(c) Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, each Lender may elect, in its sole discretion, to exercise the Conversion Option concurrently with an
assignment of all or a portion of its Loans (an Assignment/Conversion) such that the Effective Date (as defined in
the Assignment Agreement attached as Exhibit B hereto) of the assignment occurs on the related Conversion Date and the assignee
receives Class A-1 Notes (or an interest therein) in lieu of the portion of the Loans being assigned. Any assignment made in connection
with an Assignment/Conversion shall meet the requirements for an assignment set forth in Section 8.4. Any Lender electing
to make an Assignment/Conversion shall deliver to the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent and the Borrower at least five Business Days
prior to the Conversion Date, (w) an executed Assignment Agreement, (x) a completed notice substantially in the form of Exhibit C
hereto, (y) the assignment fee required to be paid pursuant to Section 8.4(c) hereof and (z) a written certification
from the assignee substantially in the form of Exhibit B-4 to the Indenture or Exhibit B-5 to the Indenture, as applicable.

Section 3.8 Additional
Loans. On any Business Day, the Borrower may, in accordance with Section 2.13 of the Indenture and in connection with an additional
issuance pursuant thereto, incur additional Loans hereunder (any such Loans, Additional Loans). The incurrence of
Additional Loans under this Agreement shall be subject to (i) satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 2.13 of the
Indenture and (ii) the execution and delivery of an amendment to this Agreement in accordance with Section 8.12 that
reflects the incurrence of such Additional Loans and the terms thereof, which amendment will be acknowledged by the Loan Agent and the
Collateral Trustee. If a Person that was not previously a party to this Agreement extends any such Additional Loan, it will be required
to be made a party to this Agreement by executing such amendment and adding such Person as a Lender.

8

ARTICLE IV

CONDITIONS
TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS

Section 4.1 Loan
Date. The obligations of the Lenders to make Loans on the Loan Date shall not become effective until the date on which all conditions
precedent to the issuance of the Notes set forth in Section 3.1 of the Indenture have been satisfied.

ARTICLE V

REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, AND COVENANTS

Section 5.1 Payment
of Principal and Interest. The Borrower shall duly and punctually pay the principal of and interest on the Debt, in accordance with
the terms of this Agreement and the Indenture pursuant to the Priority of Payments.

Amounts properly withheld
under the Code or other applicable law by any Person from a payment to any Lender shall be considered as having been paid by the Borrower
to such Lender for all purposes of this Agreement.

Section 5.2 Maintenance
of Office or Agency. The Borrower hereby appoints the Bank as the Loan Agent and as a paying agent for payments on the Loans and the
Loan Agent to maintain the register as set forth in Section 8.16. The Borrower hereby appoints Vcorp Agent Services, Inc.
as its agent upon whom process or demands may be served in any action arising out of or based on this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby.

The Borrower may at any time
and from time to time vary or terminate the appointment of any such agent or appoint any additional agents for any or all of such purposes;
provided, however, that the Borrower will maintain in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, an office or agency
where notices and demands to or upon the Borrower in respect of the Notes, the Loans and this Agreement may be served. The Borrower shall
give prompt written notice to the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent, the Rating Agency and the Lenders of the appointment or termination
of any such agent and of the location and any change in the location of any such office or agency.

If at any time the Borrower
shall fail to maintain any such required office or agency in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York or shall fail to furnish the
Collateral Trustee or the Loan Agent with the address thereof, presentations and surrenders may be made (subject to the limitations described
in the preceding paragraph) at and notices and demands may be served on the Borrower by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified
mail or by overnight courier, postage prepaid, to the Borrower at its address specified in Section 14.3 of the Indenture for notices.

9

Section 5.3 Money
for Loan Payments. All payments of amounts due and payable with respect to any Loans that are to be made from amounts withdrawn by
the Collateral Trustee from the Payment Account shall be made on behalf of the Borrower by the Loan Agent with respect to payments on
the Loans.

Section 5.4 Existence
of Borrower. The Borrower shall comply with the provisions of Section 7.4 of the Indenture with respect to the existence of the
Borrower and the provisions of Section 7.4 of the Indenture are incorporated by reference mutatis mutandis.

Section 5.5 Protection
of Assets. The Borrower shall comply with (and the Borrower shall cause the Portfolio Manager to comply with) the provisions of Section 7.5
of the Indenture with respect to the protection of the Assets and the provisions of Section 7.5 of the Indenture are incorporated
by reference mutatis mutandis.

Section 5.6 Opinions
as to Assets. The Borrower shall comply with the provisions of Section 7.6 of the Indenture with respect to the opinions as to
the Assets and the provisions of Section 7.6 of the Indenture are incorporated by reference mutatis mutandis.

Section 5.7 Performance
of Obligations. The Borrower shall not take any action, and shall use its best efforts not to permit any action to be taken by others,
that would release any Person from any of such Persons covenants or obligations under any instrument included in the Assets, except
in the case of enforcement action taken with respect to any Defaulted Obligation in accordance with the provisions hereof and actions
by the Portfolio Manager under the Portfolio Management Agreement and in conformity with this Agreement and the Indenture or as otherwise
required by the Indenture or hereby.

Section 5.8 Negative
Covenants. The Borrower shall, from the Closing Date through the date on which no Loans are Outstanding, comply with its obligations
under Article VII of the Indenture, including by not taking any action prohibited by Section 7.8 of the Indenture.

Section 5.9 Statement
as to Compliance. On or before September 30 of each year commencing in 2025, or promptly after a Responsible Officer of the Issuer
becomes aware thereof if there has been a Default under the Indenture and prior to the issuance of any additional Debt pursuant to the
Indenture, the Borrower shall deliver to the Collateral Trustee (to be forwarded by the Collateral Trustee, to the Portfolio Manager,
the Loan Agent (for each Lender making a written request therefor) and the Rating Agency) an Officers Certificate of the Borrower
that, having made reasonable inquiries of the Portfolio Manager, and to the best of the knowledge, information and belief of the Borrower,
there did not exist, as at a date not more than five days prior to the date of the certificate, nor had there existed at any time prior
thereto since the date of the last certificate (if any), any Default under the Indenture or, if such Default did then exist or had existed,
specifying the same and the nature and status thereof, including actions undertaken to remedy the same, and that the Borrower has complied
with all of its obligations under this Agreement and the Indenture or, if such is not the case, specifying those obligations with which
it has not complied.

Section 5.10 Successor
Substituted. Upon any consolidation or merger, or transfer or conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower
in accordance with Section 7.10 of the Indenture in which the Merging Entity is not the surviving entity, the Successor Entity shall
succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Merging Entity under the Indenture with the same effect
as if such Person had been named as the Borrower and the Successor Entity shall deliver to the Loan Agent the Officers Certificate
and Opinion of Counsel required by Section 7.10(d) of the Indenture. In the event of any such consolidation, merger, transfer
or conveyance, the Person named as the Borrower in this Agreement or any successor which shall theretofore have become such
in the manner prescribed in Article VII of the Indenture may be dissolved, wound up and liquidated at any time thereafter, and such
Person thereafter shall be released, without further action by any Person, from its liabilities as obligor and maker on all the Loans
and from its obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party.

10

Section 5.11 No
Other Business. The Borrower shall comply with the provisions of Section 7.12 of the Indenture with respect to the business of
the Borrower and the provisions of Section 7.12 of the Indenture are incorporated by reference mutatis mutandis.

Section 5.12 Annual
Rating Review. The Borrower shall comply with the provisions of Section 7.14 of the Indenture with respect to (i) the annual
rating review of the Debt as set forth in clause (a) thereof and (ii) the annual review of Collateral Obligations and middle
market loans as set forth in clause (b) thereof, and the provisions of Section 7.14 of the Indenture are incorporated by reference
mutatis mutandis.

Section 5.13 Calculation
Agent. The Borrower shall comply with the provisions of Section 7.16 of the Indenture with respect to the Calculation Agent and
the provisions of Section 7.16 of the Indenture are incorporated by reference mutatis mutandis.

Section 5.14 Certain
Tax Matters. The Borrower and the Lenders shall be required to comply with the provisions of Section 7.17 of the Indenture, provided
that references to Issuer and Holder shall be read to mean Borrower and Lender,
respectively, and the provisions of Section 7.17 of the Indenture are hereby incorporated by reference mutatis mutandis.

Section 5.15 Representations
Relating to Security Interests in the Assets. (a) The Borrower hereby represents and warrants that, as of the Closing Date (which
representations and warranties shall survive the execution of this Agreement and be deemed to be repeated on each date on which an Asset
is Granted to the Collateral Trustee under the Indenture), with respect to the Assets:

(i) The
Borrower owns such Asset free and clear of any lien, claim or encumbrance of any Person, other than such as are being released on the
Closing Date contemporaneously with the sale or the incurrence of the Debt on the Closing Date or on the related Cut-Off Date contemporaneously
with the purchase of such Asset on the Cut-Off Date, created under, or permitted by, the Indenture and any other Permitted Liens.

(ii) Other
than the security interest Granted to the Collateral Trustee for the benefit of the Secured Parties pursuant to the Indenture, except
as permitted by the Indenture, the Borrower has not pledged, assigned, sold, granted a security interest in, or otherwise conveyed any
of the Assets. The Borrower has not authorized the filing of and is not aware of any Financing Statements against the Borrower that include
a description of collateral covering the Assets other than any Financing Statement relating to the security interest Granted to the Collateral
Trustee under the Indenture or that has been terminated; the Borrower is not aware of any judgment, PBGC liens or tax lien filings against
the Borrower.

11

(iii) All
Assets constitute Cash, accounts (as defined in Section 9-102(a)(2) of the UCC), Instruments, general intangibles (as defined
in Section 9-102(a)(42) of the UCC), uncertificated securities (as defined in Section 8-102(a)(18) of the UCC), Certificated
Securities or security entitlements to financial assets resulting from the crediting of financial assets to a securities account
(as defined in Section 8-501(a) of the UCC).

(iv) All
Accounts constitute securities accounts under Section 8-501(a) of the UCC.

(v) The
Indenture creates a valid and continuing security interest (as defined in Section 1-201(37) of the UCC) in such Assets in favor of
the Collateral Trustee, for the benefit and security of the Secured Parties, which security interest is prior to all other liens, claims
and encumbrances (except as permitted otherwise in the Indenture), and is enforceable as such against creditors of and purchasers from
the Borrower.

(b) The
Borrower hereby represents and warrants that, as of the Closing Date (which representations and warranties shall survive the execution
of this Agreement and be deemed to be repeated on each date on which an Asset is Granted to the Collateral Trustee under the Indenture),
with respect to Assets that constitute Instruments:

(i) Either
(x) the Borrower has caused or shall have caused, within ten days after the Closing Date, the filing of all appropriate Financing
Statements in the proper office in the appropriate jurisdictions under applicable law in order to perfect the security interest in the
Instruments Granted to the Collateral Trustee, for the benefit and security of the Secured Parties or (y)(A) all original executed
copies of each promissory note or mortgage note that constitutes or evidences the Instruments have been delivered to the Collateral Trustee
or the Borrower has received written acknowledgement from a custodian that such custodian is holding the mortgage notes or promissory
notes that constitute evidence of the Instruments solely on behalf of the Collateral Trustee and for the benefit of the Secured Parties
and (B) none of the Instruments that constitute or evidence the Assets has any marks or notations indicating that they have been
pledged, assigned or otherwise conveyed to any Person other than the Collateral Trustee, for the benefit of the Secured Parties.

(ii) The
Borrower has received all consents and approvals required by the terms of the Assets to the pledge under the Indenture to the Collateral
Trustee of its interest and rights in the Assets.

(c) The
Borrower hereby represents and warrants that, as of the Closing Date (which representations and warranties shall survive the execution
of the Indenture and be deemed to be repeated on each date on which an Asset is Granted to the Collateral Trustee under the Indenture),
with respect to the Assets that constitute Security Entitlements:

12

(i) All
of such Assets have been and will have been credited to one of the Accounts which are securities accounts within the meaning of Section 8-501(a) of
the UCC. The Securities Intermediary for each Account has agreed to treat all assets credited to such Accounts as financial assets
within the meaning of Section 8-102(a)(9) the UCC.

(ii) The
Borrower has received all consents and approvals required by the terms of the Assets to the pledge under the Indenture to the Collateral
Trustee of its interest and rights in the Assets.

(iii) (x) The
Borrower has caused or shall have caused, within ten days after the Closing Date, the filing of all appropriate Financing Statements in
the proper office in the appropriate jurisdictions under applicable law in order to perfect the security interest granted to the Collateral
Trustee, for the benefit and security of the Secured Parties under the Indenture and (y)(A) the Borrower has delivered to the Collateral
Trustee a fully executed Securities Account Control Agreement pursuant to which the Custodian has agreed to comply with all instructions
and Entitlement Orders originated by the Collateral Trustee relating to the Accounts without further consent by the Borrower or (B) the
Borrower has taken all steps necessary to cause the Custodian to identify in its records the Collateral Trustee as the Person having a
security entitlement against the Custodian in each of the Accounts.

(iv) The
Accounts are not in the name of any Person other than the Borrower or the Collateral Trustee. The Borrower has not consented to the Custodian
complying with the Entitlement Order of any Person other than the Collateral Trustee (and the Borrower prior to a notice of exclusive
control being provided by the Collateral Trustee, which notice the Collateral Trustee agrees it shall not deliver except after the occurrence
and during the continuance of an Event of Default).

(d) The
Borrower hereby represents and warrants that, as of the Closing Date (which representations and warranties shall survive the execution
of this Agreement and be deemed to be repeated on each date on which an Asset is Granted to the Collateral Trustee under the Indenture),
with respect to Assets that constitute general intangibles:

(i) The
Borrower has caused or shall have caused, within ten days of the Closing Date, the filing of all appropriate Financing Statements in the
proper filing office in the appropriate jurisdictions under applicable law in order to perfect the security interest in the Assets granted
to the Collateral Trustee, for the benefit and security of the Secured Parties.

(ii) The
Borrower has received, or shall receive, all consents and approvals required by the terms of the Assets to the pledge under the Indenture
to the Collateral Trustee of its interest and rights in the Assets.

(e) The
Borrower agrees to notify the Portfolio Manager and Rating Agency promptly if it becomes aware of the breach of any of the representation
and warranties contained in the Section 5.15 and shall not, without satisfaction of the S&P Rating Condition, waive any
of the representation and warranties in this Section 5.15 or any breach thereof.

13

ARTICLE VI

EVENTS
OF DEFAULT

Section 6.1 Default
and Events of Default. Default or Event of Default, wherever used herein, means any Default
or Event of Default, respectively, under the Indenture.

Section 6.2 Acceleration.
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default and the acceleration of the Borrowers obligations under the Indenture pursuant to the
terms of Section 5.2 of the Indenture, the unpaid principal amount of the Loans, together with the interest accrued thereon and all
other amounts payable by the Borrower hereunder in respect of the Loans, shall automatically become immediately due and payable by the
Borrower hereunder without any declaration or other act on the part of the Collateral Trustee or any Lender, subject to and in accordance
with the applicable provisions of the Indenture; provided that upon the rescission or annulment of an acceleration under the Indenture
in accordance with the terms of Section 5.2 thereof, any such acceleration shall automatically be rescinded and annulled for all
purposes hereunder; provided, however, that, no such action shall affect any subsequent Default or Event of Default or impair
any right consequent thereon.

Section 6.3 Remedies.
Remedies for an Event of Default are granted to the Collateral Trustee for the benefit of the Secured Parties under the Indenture. Each
of the Lenders agrees and acknowledges that the remedies for an Event of Default hereunder are governed by, and subject to the terms and
conditions of, the Indenture and other Credit Documents.

ARTICLE VII

THE
AGENTS

Section 7.1 Appointment.
The Lenders hereby designate (i) the Bank to act as Collateral Trustee as specified in the Indenture and in the other Collateral
Documents and (ii) the Bank to act as Loan Agent as specified herein. By becoming a party to this Agreement, each Lender hereby irrevocably
authorizes the Loan Agent and the Collateral Trustee (together, the Agents) to take such action under the provisions
of this Agreement, the other Credit Documents and any other instruments and agreements referred to herein or therein and to exercise such
powers and to perform such duties hereunder and thereunder as are specifically delegated to or required of the Agents by the terms hereof
and thereof and such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The Agents may perform any of their duties hereunder or under
the other Credit Documents by or through their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or affiliates. For the avoidance of doubt,
the Collateral Trustee and Loan Agent hereby agree to forward or make available any notices that it receives to the appropriate parties
so required by the Indenture and this Agreement, respectively. The Loan Agent is hereby authorized and directed to enter into this Agreement
and perform and observe its obligations under the Collateral Documents to which it is a party.

14

Section 7.2 Nature
of Duties. The Agents shall not have any duties or responsibilities except those expressly set forth in this Agreement and the other
Collateral Documents. None of the Agents or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or affiliates shall be liable for any
action taken or omitted by it or them hereunder or under any other Credit Document or in connection herewith or therewith, unless caused
by its or their gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith. The duties of the Agents shall be mechanical and administrative in
nature; the Agents shall not have by reason of this Agreement or any other Credit Document a fiduciary relationship in respect of any
Lender; and nothing in this Agreement or any other Credit Document, expressed or implied, is intended to or shall be so construed as to
impose upon the Agents any obligations in respect of this Agreement or any other Credit Document except as expressly set forth herein
or therein. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that the Loan Agent shall not have the right or obligation to exercise any remedial right
or power with respect to the Assets.

Section 7.3 Lack
of Reliance on the Agents. Independently and without reliance upon the Agents, each Lender, to the extent it deems appropriate, has
made and shall continue to make (i) its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs of the Borrower in connection
with the making and the continuance of the Loans and the taking or not taking of any action in connection herewith and (ii) its own
appraisal of the creditworthiness of the Borrower and, except as expressly provided in this Agreement and the other Credit Documents,
the Agents shall not have any duty or responsibility, either initially or on a continuing basis, to provide any Lender with any credit
or other information with respect thereto, whether coming into its possession before the making of the Loans or at any time or times thereafter.
The Agents shall not be responsible to any Lender for any recitals, statements, information, representations or warranties herein or in
any document, certificate or other writing delivered in connection herewith or for the execution, effectiveness, genuineness, validity,
enforceability, perfection, collectability, priority or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Credit Document or the financial condition
of the Borrower or be required to make any inquiry concerning either the performance or observance of any of the terms, provisions or
conditions of this Agreement or any other Credit Document, or the satisfaction of any of the conditions precedent set forth in Article IV
or the financial condition of the Borrower or the existence or possible existence of any Default.

Section 7.4 Certain
Rights of the Agents. (a) The Agents may conclusively rely and shall be fully protected in acting or refraining from acting upon
any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, note or other paper or
document believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties. Without limiting the provisions
hereof, the Agents shall be entitled to the rights, benefits, immunities, indemnities and protections of the Collateral Trustee as set
forth in Article VI of the Indenture as if such rights, benefits, immunities, indemnities and protections were fully set forth herein;
provided that such rights, protections, immunities, indemnities and benefits shall be in addition to any rights, protections and
benefits afforded to the Agents under this Agreement; provided, further, that the foregoing shall not be construed to impose upon
the Agents any of the duties or standards of care (including, without limitation, any duties of a prudent person) of the Collateral Trustee.
Any request or direction of the Borrower mentioned herein may be sufficiently evidenced by an Issuer Order.

15

(b) Whenever
in the administration of this Agreement or the Indenture the Agents shall (i) deem it desirable that a matter be proved or established
prior to taking, suffering or omitting any action hereunder, the Agents (unless other evidence be herein specifically prescribed) may,
in the absence of bad faith on its part, rely upon an Officers Certificate or Issuer Order or (ii) be required to determine
the value of any Assets or funds hereunder or the cash flows projected to be received therefrom, the Agents may, in the absence of bad
faith on its part, rely on reports of nationally recognized accountants, investment bankers or other Persons qualified to provide the
information required to make such determination, including nationally recognized dealers in Assets of the type being valued, securities
quotation services, loan pricing services and loan valuation agents.

(c) As
a condition to the taking or omitting of any action by it hereunder, the Agents may consult with counsel and the advice of such counsel
or any Opinion of Counsel shall be full and complete authorization and protection in respect of any action taken or omitted by it hereunder
in good faith and in reliance thereon.

(d) The
Agents shall be under no obligation to exercise or to honor any of the rights or powers vested in it by this Agreement at the request
or direction of any Lenders pursuant to this Agreement and the Indenture, unless such Lenders shall have offered to the Agents security
or indemnity reasonably satisfactory to the Agents against the costs, expenses (including reasonable fees and expenses of agents, experts
and attorneys) and liabilities which might reasonably be incurred by it in compliance with such request or direction. The Loan Agent shall
in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement or any other Credit Document in accordance
with a request or consent of the Majority of the Lenders (or such other percentage of the Lenders expressly specified in this Agreement
or such Credit Document with respect to a particular matter) given in accordance with this Agreement or any other Credit Document and
such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all of the Lenders.

(e) The
Agents shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument,
opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, note or other paper, electronic communication or document, but each Agent,
in its discretion, may, and upon the written direction of a Majority of the Controlling Class or of the Rating Agency shall (subject
to the right hereunder to be reasonably satisfactorily indemnified for associated expense (including the reasonable fees and expenses
of agents and counsel) and liability), make such further inquiry or investigation into such facts or matters as it may see fit or as it
shall be directed, and the Agents shall be entitled, on reasonable prior notice to the Borrower and the Portfolio Manager, to examine
the books and records relating to the Loans, the Notes and the Assets, personally or by agent or attorney, during the Borrowers
or the Portfolio Managers normal business hours; provided that the Agents shall, and shall cause their respective agents
to, hold in confidence all such information, except (A) to the extent disclosure may be required by law or by any regulatory, administrative
or Governmental Authority, (B) as otherwise required pursuant to this Agreement or (C) to the extent that the Agent, in its
sole discretion, may determine that such disclosure is consistent with its obligations hereunder; provided, further, that each
Agent may disclose on a confidential basis any such information to its agents, attorneys and auditors in connection with the performance
of its responsibilities hereunder or under the Indenture.

16

(f) The
Agents may execute any of the rights, privileges or powers hereunder or perform any duties hereunder either directly or by or through
agents or attorneys; provided that neither of the Agents shall be responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the part of any
such agent appointed or attorney appointed with due care.

(g) Neither
of the Agents shall be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith that it reasonably believes to be authorized or within
its rights or powers hereunder, including actions or omissions to act at the direction of the Portfolio Manager.

(h) Any
permissive rights of the Agents to take or refrain from taking actions enumerated in this Agreement or the Indenture shall not be construed
as a duty and the Agents shall not be answerable for other than their respective gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith.

(i) Nothing
herein shall be construed to impose an obligation on the part of the Agents to monitor, recalculate, evaluate or verify or independently
determine the accuracy of any report, certificate or information received from the Borrower or Portfolio Manager (unless and except to
the extent otherwise expressly set forth herein) and all calculations made by the Agents in their respective roles hereunder shall (in
the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on all parties.

(j) The
Agents shall not be liable for the actions or omissions of, or any inaccuracies in the records of, any non-Affiliated custodian, transfer
agent, paying agent or calculation agent (other than itself in such capacities), DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream or any other clearing agency
or depository, and without limiting the foregoing, the Agents shall not be under any obligation to monitor, evaluate, or verify compliance
by the Portfolio Manager with the terms hereof or of the Indenture or the Portfolio Management Agreement, or to verify or independently
determine the accuracy of information received by the Agents from the Portfolio Manager (or from any selling institution, agent bank,
trustee or similar source) with respect to the Assets.

(k) To
the extent permitted by applicable law, the Agents shall not be required to give any bond or surety in respect of the execution of this
Agreement or the Indenture or otherwise.

(l) In
making or disposing of any investment permitted by this Agreement or the Indenture, each of the Agents is authorized to deal with itself
(in its individual capacity) or with any one or more of its Affiliates, in each case on an arms-length basis, whether it or such
Affiliate is acting as a sub-agent of the Agent or for any third Person or dealing as principal for its own account. If otherwise qualified,
obligations of the Bank or any of its Affiliates shall qualify as Eligible Investments under the Indenture.

(m) The
Agents shall not be responsible for delays or failures in performance resulting from circumstances beyond its control (such circumstances
include but are not limited to acts of God, strikes, lockouts, riots, acts of war and interruptions, losses or malfunctions of utilities,
computer (hardware or software) or communications services).

(n) No
provision of this Agreement or any other Credit Document shall require either of the Agents to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise
incur any financial or other liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder, or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers
contemplated hereunder, if it shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity satisfactory
to it against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it unless such risk or liability relates to the performance
of its ordinary incidental services, including mailing of notices under this Agreement.

17

(o) To
the extent any defined term hereunder, or any calculation required to be made or determined by the Agents hereunder, is dependent upon
or defined by reference to GAAP, the Agents shall be entitled to request and receive (and conclusively rely upon) instruction from the
Borrower or the accountants identified in the Accountants Certificate (and in the absence of its receipt of timely instruction
therefrom, shall be entitled to obtain from an Independent accountant at the expense of the Borrower) as to the application of GAAP in
such connection, in any instance.

(p) The
Agents or their Affiliates are permitted to receive additional compensation that could be deemed to be in the Agents economic self-interest
for (i) serving as investment adviser, administrator, shareholder, servicing agent, custodian or sub-custodian with respect to certain
of the Eligible Investments, (ii) using Affiliates to effect transactions in certain Eligible Investments and (iii) effecting
transactions in certain Eligible Investments. Such compensation is not payable or reimbursable under the Indenture or this Agreement.

(q) The
Agents shall not be deemed to have notice or knowledge of any matter unless a Responsible Officer has actual knowledge thereof or unless
written notice thereof is received by a Responsible Officer at the Corporate Trust Office and such notice references the Loans generally,
the Borrower or this Agreement. Whenever reference is made in this Agreement to a Default or an Event of Default such reference shall,
insofar as determining any liability on the part of the Agents is concerned, be construed to refer only to a Default or an Event of Default
of which the applicable Agent is deemed to have knowledge in accordance with this paragraph.

(r) Neither
Agent shall have any liability for the acts or omissions of the Portfolio Manager, the Collateral Administrator, the Borrower, any Paying
Agent (if such Person is not an Agent) or any Authenticating Agent (if such Person is not an Agent) appointed under or pursuant to this
Agreement or the other Credit Documents.

(s) No
Agent shall be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by an Agent, unless it shall be proven that such Agent was grossly
negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts.

(t) The
Agents shall not be liable with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in accordance with the direction
of the Borrower, the Lenders or the Portfolio Manager.

(u) To
help fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, the Agents shall obtain, verify, and record information that
identifies individuals or entities that establish a relationship or open an account with the Agents. The Agents shall ask for the
name, address, tax identification number and other information that shall allow the Agents to identify the individual or entity
who is establishing the relationship or opening the account. The Agents may also ask for formation documents such as articles of
incorporation, an offering memorandum or other identifying documents to be provided.

18

(v) Notwithstanding
any term hereof (or any term of the UCC that might otherwise be construed to be applicable to a securities intermediary
as defined in the UCC) to the contrary, the Loan Agent shall not be under a duty or obligation in connection with the acquisition
or Grant by the Borrower to the Collateral Trustee of any item constituting the Assets, or to evaluate the sufficiency of the documents
or instruments delivered to it by or on behalf of the Borrower in connection with its Grant or otherwise, or in that regard to examine
any Underlying Document, in each case, in order to determine compliance with applicable requirements of and restrictions on
transfer in respect of such Assets.

(w) The
Agents shall not be (i) bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement,
instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, note, electronic communication or other documents or (ii) responsible
or liable for the preparation, filing, continuation or correctness of financing statements or the validity or perfection of any lien or
security interest.

Section 7.5 Not
Responsible for Recitals, Incurrence of Loans or Issuance of Notes. The recitals contained herein, shall be taken as the statements
of the Borrower and the Agents assume no responsibility for their correctness. The Agents make no representation as to the validity or
sufficiency of this Agreement or the Indenture (except as may be made with respect to the validity of the Agents obligations hereunder),
the Assets, the Loans or the Notes. The Agents shall not be accountable for the use or application by the Borrower of the Loans or the
Notes or the proceeds thereof or any amounts paid to the Borrower pursuant to the provisions hereof.

Section 7.6 May Hold
Loans or Notes. The Agents or any other agent of the Borrower, in their individual or any other capacities, may become the owner or
pledgee of a Loan or a Note and may otherwise deal with the Borrower or any of its Affiliates with the same rights it would have if it
were not an agent.

Section 7.7 Holders
of Lender Notes; Transferee of Assignment Agreement. (a) The Agents may deem and treat the Person in whose name such Loan is
registered on the Register as described in Section 8.16 as the owner thereof for all purposes hereof unless and until a written
notice of the assignment, transfer or endorsement thereof, as the case may be, shall have been filed with the Agents and the requirements
set forth in Section 8.16 have been satisfied. Any request, authority or consent of any Person who, at the time of making
such request or giving such authority or consent, is the Holder of any Lender Note (or the registered Holder of a Loan in the form of
a Confirmation of Registration) shall be conclusive and binding on any subsequent holder, transferee, assignee or indorsee, as the case
may be, of such Lender Note (or Confirmation of Registration) or of any Lender Note or Lender Notes (or Confirmation of Registration).

(b) The
Agents may deem and treat the transferee of a properly executed and delivered Assignment Agreement pursuant to Section 8.4(b) whose
name is recorded in the Register as set forth in Section 8.16 as a Lender under this Agreement with all of the same rights
and obligations as a Holder of a Lender Note, whether or not such Lender requests a Lender Note pursuant to Section 3.2, for
all purposes hereof unless and until the Agents receive and accept a subsequent Assignment Agreement properly executed and delivered pursuant
to Section 8.4(b).

19

Section 7.8 Compensation
and Reimbursement. (a) The Borrower agrees:

(i) to
pay each of the Loan Agent and the Collateral Trustee on each Payment Date, in accordance with the Priority of Payments, reasonable compensation
for all services rendered by it hereunder as set forth in Section 2.2 hereof;

(ii) except
as otherwise expressly provided herein and subject to the Priority of Payments, to reimburse each of the Agents (subject to any written
agreement between the Borrower and the applicable Agent) in a timely manner upon its request for all reasonable expenses, disbursements
and advances incurred or made by such Agent in accordance with any provision of this Agreement or other Transaction Document (including,
without limitation, securities transaction charges and the reasonable compensation and expenses and disbursements of its agents and legal
counsel and of any accounting firm or investment banking firm employed by the Agents pursuant to this Agreement or the Indenture, except
any such expense, disbursement or advance as may be attributable to the applicable Agents gross negligence, willful misconduct
or bad faith) but with respect to securities transaction charges, only to the extent any such charges have not been waived during a Collection
Period due to the Agents receipt of a payment from a financial institution with respect to certain Eligible Investments, as specified
by the Portfolio Manager in writing; and

(iii) to
indemnify each of the Agents and its respective officers, directors, employees and agents for, and to hold them harmless against, any
loss, liability or expense (including reasonable fees and expenses of agents and attorneys) incurred without gross negligence, willful
misconduct or bad faith on their part, arising out of or in connection with acting or serving as an Agent hereunder, including the costs
and expenses of defending themselves (including reasonable fees and costs of agents and attorneys) against any claim (whether brought
by or involving the Borrower or any third party) or liability in connection with the administration, exercise or performance of any of
their powers or duties hereunder and any other agreement or instrument related hereto and of enforcing this Agreement and any indemnification
rights hereunder.

This Section 7.8
shall survive the termination of this Agreement or the removal or resignation of the applicable Agent.

(b) The
Agents hereby agree not to cause the filing of a petition in bankruptcy against the Borrower for the non-payment to the Agents of any
amounts provided by this Section 7.8 until at least one year and one day, or, if longer, the applicable preference period
then in effect, plus one day, after the payment in full of all Debt issued under the Indenture and incurred under this Agreement.
Nothing in this Section 7.8 shall preclude, or be deemed to stop, the Agents (i) from taking any action prior to the
expiration of the aforementioned period in (A) any case or Proceeding voluntarily filed or commenced by the Borrower or (B) any
involuntary insolvency Proceeding filed or commenced by a Person other than the applicable Agent, or (ii) from commencing against
the Borrower or any of their properties any legal action which is not a bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, moratorium
or liquidation Proceeding. This Section 7.8(b) shall survive the termination of this Agreement or the removal or resignation
of the applicable Agent.

20

(c) Each
of the Agents acknowledges that all payments payable to it under this Agreement shall be subject to the Priority of Payments in the Indenture
and payable as Administrative Expenses. If, on any date when any amount shall be payable to the Agents pursuant to this Agreement, insufficient
funds are available for the payment thereof, any portion of a fee or expense not so paid shall be deferred and payable on such later date
on which a fee or expense shall be payable and sufficient funds are available. Following realization of the Assets and distribution of
proceeds in the manner provided in the Priority of Payments in the Indenture, any obligations of the Borrower and any claims of the Agents
against the Borrower shall be extinguished and shall not thereafter revive. This Section 7.8(c) shall survive the termination
of this Agreement or the removal or resignation or the applicable Agent.

(d) In
no event shall the Agents be liable for special, indirect, punitive or consequential loss or damage (including but not limited to lost
profits or diminution in value) even if the Agents have been advised of the likelihood of such damages and regardless of the form of action.

(e) The
Borrowers payment obligations to each of the Agents under this Section 7.8 shall be secured by the lien of the Indenture,
and shall survive the termination of this Agreement, and the resignation or removal of such Agent, as applicable. When either Agent incurs
expenses after the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default under Section 5.1(f) or Section 5.1(g) of the Indenture,
the expenses are intended to constitute expenses of administration under the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable federal or state
bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law.

Section 7.9 Agents
Required; Eligibility. There shall at all times be Agents hereunder which shall be organizations or entities organized and doing business
under the laws of the United States of America or of any state thereof, each having a combined capital and surplus of at least $200,000,000
and meeting the eligibility criteria specified in Section 6.8 of the Indenture. If at any time either Agent shall cease to be eligible
in accordance with the provisions of this Section 7.9, it shall resign immediately in the manner and with the effect hereinafter
specified in this Article VII.

Section 7.10 Resignation
and Removal of Agents; Appointment of Successor Agents. (a) No resignation or removal of either of the Agents and no appointment
of a successor agent with respect to the applicable Agent (the Successor Agent) pursuant to this Article shall
become effective until the acceptance of appointment by the Successor Agent under Section 7.11. The indemnification in favor
of the Agents in Section 7.8 hereof shall survive any resignation or removal (to the extent of any indemnified liabilities,
costs, expenses and other amounts arising or incurred prior to, or arising out of actions or omissions occurring prior to such resignation
or removal).

21

(b) Subject
to and in accordance with Section 6.9 of the Indenture, the Loan Agent may resign at any time by giving not less than 30 days written
notice thereof to the Borrower, the Portfolio Manager, each Lender and the Rating Agency. If the Loan Agent shall resign, be removed or
become incapable of acting, or if a vacancy shall occur in the office of the Loan Agent for any reason, the Borrower shall promptly appoint
a Successor Agent by Issuer Order, one copy of which shall be delivered to each of the Agents, the Successor Agent, each Lender and the
Portfolio Manager; provided that such Successor Agent shall be appointed only upon the Act of a Majority of each Class of
Debt or, at any time when an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, by an Act of a Majority of the Controlling Class.
The Successor Agent so appointed shall, forthwith upon its acceptance of such appointment, become the Successor Agent and supersede any
Successor Agent proposed by the Borrower. If no Successor Agent shall have been appointed and an instrument of acceptance by a Successor
Agent shall not have been delivered to the Agents within 30 days after the giving of such notice of resignation, the resigning Agent,
or any Lender, on behalf of itself and all others similarly situated, may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment
of a Successor Agent satisfying the requirements of Section 7.9 hereof. The resignation or removal of the Collateral Trustee
and/or the appointment of a successor Collateral Trustee shall be governed by Section 6.9 of the Indenture.

(c) The
Loan Agent may be removed at any time upon 30 days written notice by Act of a Majority of the Lenders, delivered to the Agents
and the Borrower.

(d) If
at any time:

(i) the
Loan Agent shall cease to be eligible under Section 7.9 hereof and shall fail to resign after written request therefor by
the Borrower or by a Majority of the Lenders; or

(ii) the
Loan Agent shall become incapable of acting or shall be adjudged as bankrupt or insolvent or a receiver or liquidator of the Loan Agent
or of its property shall be appointed or any public officer shall take charge or control of the Loan Agent or of its property or affairs
for the purpose of rehabilitation, conservation or liquidation;

then, in any such case (subject to Section 7.10(a) hereof),
(A) the Borrower, by an Issuer Order, may remove the Loan Agent, or (B) any Lender may, on behalf of itself and all others similarly
situated, petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the removal of the Loan Agent and the appointment of a Successor Agent.

(e) If
the Loan Agent shall be removed or become incapable of acting, or if a vacancy shall occur in the office of the Loan Agent for any reason
(other than resignation), the Borrower, by Issuer Order, shall promptly appoint a successor Loan Agent. If the Borrower shall fail to
appoint a successor Loan Agent within 30 days after such removal or incapability or the occurrence of such vacancy, a Successor Agent
may be appointed by a Majority of the Controlling Class by written instrument delivered to the Borrower and the retiring Loan Agent.
The successor Loan Agent so appointed shall, forthwith upon its acceptance of such appointment, become the successor Loan Agent and supersede
any successor Loan Agent proposed by the Borrower. If no successor Loan Agent shall have been so appointed by the Borrower or a Majority
of the Controlling Class and shall have accepted appointment in the manner hereinafter provided, subject to Section 6.9 of the
Indenture, any Lender or the Loan Agent may, on behalf of itself and all others similarly situated, petition any court of competent jurisdiction
for the appointment of a successor Loan Agent.

22

(f) The
Borrower shall give prompt notice of each resignation and each removal of the Loan Agent and each appointment of a Successor Agent to
the Collateral Trustee, the Rating Agency and to each Lender. Such notice shall include the name of the Successor Agent and the address
of its Corporate Trust Office. If the Borrower fails to provide such notice within 10 days after acceptance of appointment by the Successor
Agent, the Successor Agent shall cause such notice to be given at the expense of the Borrower.

(g) If
the Bank shall resign or be removed as Collateral Trustee, the Bank shall also resign or be removed as Loan Agent and as any other capacity
in which the Bank is then acting pursuant to this Agreement, the Indenture or any other Transaction Document.

Section 7.11 Acceptance
of Appointment by Successor Agents. Every Successor Agent appointed hereunder and qualified under Section 7.9 hereof shall
execute, acknowledge and deliver to the Borrower and the retiring Agent an instrument accepting such appointment and agreeing to be bound
by this Agreement and, to the extent such Successor Agent shall be a party thereto, the Indenture and the Securities Account Control Agreement.
Upon delivery of the required instruments, the resignation or removal of the retiring Agent shall become effective and such Successor
Agent, without any further act, deed or conveyance, shall become vested with all the rights, powers, trusts, duties and obligations of
the retiring Agent; but, on request of the Borrower or a Majority of the Lenders or the Successor Agent, such retiring Agent shall, upon
payment of its charges then unpaid, execute and deliver an instrument transferring to such Successor Agent all the rights, powers and
trusts of the retiring Agent, and shall duly assign, transfer and deliver to such Successor Agent all property held by such retiring Agent
hereunder. Upon request of any such Successor Agent, the Borrower shall execute any and all instruments for more fully and certainly vesting
in and confirming to such Successor Agent all such rights, powers and trusts.

Section 7.12 Merger,
Conversion, Consolidation or Succession to Business of Agents. Any organization or entity into which an Agent may be merged or converted
or with which it may be consolidated, or any organization or entity resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which such
Agent shall be a party, or any organization or entity succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate trust business of such Agent,
shall be the successor of such Agent hereunder; provided that such organization or entity shall be otherwise qualified and eligible
under this Article VII, without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties
hereto.

Section 7.13 Representations
and Warranties of U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association. The Bank hereby represents and warrants as follows:

(a) Organization.
It has been duly organized and is validly existing as a national banking association with trust powers under the laws of the United States
and has the power to conduct its business and affairs as Loan Agent and as Collateral Trustee.

23

(b) Authorization;
Binding Obligations. It has the corporate power and authority to perform the duties and obligations of the Loan Agent and the Collateral
Trustee, as applicable, under this Agreement. It has taken all necessary corporate action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance
of this Agreement and the Indenture and all of the documents required to be executed by it pursuant hereto. This Agreement and the Indenture
have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Bank and constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Bank enforceable
in accordance with its terms subject, as to enforcement, (i) to the effect of bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, liquidation
or similar laws affecting generally the enforcement of creditors rights as such laws would apply in the event of any bankruptcy,
receivership, insolvency or similar event applicable to the Bank and (ii) to general equitable principles (whether enforcement is
considered in a proceeding at law or in equity).

(c) Eligibility.
It is eligible under Section 7.9 hereof to serve as Loan Agent and as Collateral Trustee hereunder.

(d) No
Conflict. Neither the execution, delivery and performance of the Indenture or this Agreement, nor the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by the Indenture or this Agreement, (i) is prohibited by, or requires the Bank to obtain any consent, authorization,
approval or registration under, any law, statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ, injunction or decree that is binding upon the
Bank or any of its properties or assets, or (ii) will violate any provision of, result in any default or acceleration of any obligations
under, result in the creation or imposition of any lien pursuant to, or require any consent under, any material agreement to which it
is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound.

Section 7.14 Withholding.
If any amount is required to be deducted or withheld from any payment to any Lender, such amount shall reduce the amount otherwise distributable
to such Lender. The Loan Agent is hereby authorized to withhold or deduct from amounts otherwise distributable to any Lender sufficient
funds for the payment of any tax that is legally required to be withheld or deducted (but such authorization shall not prevent the Loan
Agent from contesting any such tax in appropriate Proceedings and legally withholding payment of such tax, pending the outcome of such
Proceedings). The amount of any withholding tax imposed with respect to any Lender shall be treated as cash distributed to such Lender
at the time it is deducted or withheld by the Borrower or the Loan Agent, as applicable, and remitted to the appropriate taxing authority.
If there is a possibility that withholding tax is payable with respect to a distribution, the Loan Agent may in its sole discretion withhold
such amounts in accordance with this Section 7.14. If any Lender wishes to apply for a refund of any such withholding tax,
the Loan Agent shall reasonably cooperate with such Lender in making such claim so long as such Lender agrees to reimburse the Loan Agent
for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred.

24

ARTICLE VIII

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 8.1 Payment
of Expenses, Etc. The Borrower agrees to pay all reasonable out of pocket costs and expenses (A) of the Loan Agent and the Collateral
Trustee in connection with any amendment, waiver or consent of the Credit Documents and the documents and instruments referred to therein
and (B) of the Loan Agent and the Collateral Trustee in connection with any Default or Event of Default or with the enforcement of
the Credit Documents and the documents and instruments referred to therein (including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel
for the Collateral Trustee, counsel and agents for the Loan Agent and one (1) counsel in total for all Lenders, collectively). To
the extent that the undertaking to pay the Loan Agent or the Collateral Trustee set forth in the preceding sentence may be unenforceable
because it is violative of any law or public policy, the Borrower shall make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction
of each of the covered expenses which is permissible under applicable law, subject to the limitations and qualifications set forth in
the preceding sentence and the Priority of Payments. Any payments made pursuant to this Section 8.1 shall be made on the first
Payment Date that funds are available for such payments as an Administrative Expense in accordance with the Priority of Payments. This
Section 8.1 shall survive the termination of this Agreement or the removal or resignation of the applicable Agent.

Section 8.2 Right
of Setoff. Each Lender hereby waives any right of setoff that the Lender may have against the Borrower in respect of any obligation
arising hereunder or under the Lender Notes.

Section 8.3 Notices.
(a) all notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall be in writing (including telecopier or electronic mail (if
an e-mail address for the relevant party is set forth in the Indenture)) and mailed or given in the manner provided in Section 14.3
of the Indenture, if to the Borrower, the Portfolio Manager, the Rating Agency, the Loan Agent, the Collateral Trustee and/or any Lender,
at its address specified in the Indenture (or, in the case of any Lender and the Loan Agent, in Schedule 2 hereof), and in
the case of any Lender becoming party hereto after the Closing Date, the related Assignment Agreement; or, at such other address as shall
be designated by any party in a written notice to the other parties hereto. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been
given on the date such notice is given.

(b) [Reserved].

(c) In
the event that any provision in this Agreement calls for any notice or document to be delivered simultaneously to the Collateral Trustee
and the Loan Agent and any other Person, the Collateral Trustees or the Loan Agents receipt of such notice or document shall
entitle the Collateral Trustee and the Loan Agent to assume that such notice was delivered to such other Person or entity.

(d) Notwithstanding
any provision to the contrary in this Agreement or in any agreement or document related hereto, any documents (including reports, notices
or supplemental indentures) required to be provided by the Loan Agent or the Collateral Trustee to the Lenders may be provided by providing
notice of, and access to, the Collateral Trustees website containing such document.

25

(e) The
Bank (in each of its capacities hereunder) agrees to accept and act upon instructions or directions pursuant to this Agreement, the Indenture
or any other Transaction Document sent by unsecured email, facsimile transmission or other similar unsecured electronic methods. If such
Person elects to give the Bank email or facsimile instructions (or instructions by a similar electronic method) and the Bank in its discretion
elects to act upon such instructions, the Banks reasonable understanding of such instructions shall be deemed controlling. The
Bank shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly from the Banks reliance upon and compliance
with such instructions notwithstanding such instructions conflicting with or being inconsistent with a subsequent written instruction.
Any Person providing such instructions agrees to assume all risks arising out of the use of such electronic methods to submit instructions
and directions to the Bank, including without limitation the risk of the Bank acting on unauthorized instructions accompanied by an incumbency
certificate, and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties. Any Person providing such instructions acknowledges and agrees
that there may be more secure methods of transmitting such instructions than the method(s) selected by such Person and agrees
that the security procedures (if any) to be followed in connection with such Persons transmission of such instructions
provide to it a commercially reasonable degree of protection in light of its particular needs and circumstances.

Section 8.4 Benefit
of Agreement. (a) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties hereto and
the respective successors and assigns of the parties hereto to the extent permitted under this Section 8.4; provided
that, except as provided in Section 5.10 of this Agreement, the Borrower may not assign or transfer any of its rights or obligations
hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender. Each Lender may at any time grant participations in any of its rights hereunder
to one or more commercial banks, insurance companies, funds or other financial institutions; provided that in the case of any such
participation, the participant shall not have any rights under this Agreement or any of the other Credit Documents (the participants
rights against such Lender in respect of such participation to be those set forth in the agreement executed by such Lender in favor of
the participant relating thereto) and all amounts payable by the Borrower hereunder shall be determined as if such Lender had not sold
such participation; and provided, further, that, no Lender shall transfer, grant or assign any participation under which
the participant shall have rights to approve any amendment to or waiver of this Agreement or any other Credit Documents except to the
extent such amendment or waiver would (x) extend the final scheduled maturity of any Loan or Lender Note in which such participant
is participating or waive any Mandatory Prepayment thereof, or reduce the rate or extend the time of payment of interest or fees thereon
(except in connection with a waiver of the applicability of any post-default increase in interest rates), or reduce the principal amount
thereof, or increase such participants participating interest in any Lender Note over the amount thereof then in effect (it being
understood that a waiver of any Default or a Mandatory Prepayment, shall not constitute a change in the terms of any Lender Note), (y) release
all or substantially all of the Assets (in each case, except as expressly provided in the Credit Documents), or (z) consent to the
assignment or transfer by the Borrower of any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (except as provided in Section 5.10
of this Agreement); and provided, further, that, each participation shall be subject to the related participant providing
a representation and warranty to the Lender from which it is acquiring its participation that it is a Qualified Purchaser and a Qualified
Institutional Buyer and making representations substantially in the form set forth under Section 8.18(a)(i), Section 8.18(a)(ii),
Section 8.18(a)(iv) and Section 8.18(a)(v).

26

(b) Any
Lender may assign all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including, such Lenders Loans, Lender Note
and other Loans) to one or more commercial banks, insurance companies, funds or other financial institutions (including one or more Lenders)
that is a Qualified Institutional Buyer and a Qualified Purchaser and can make all of the other representations set forth in Section 8.18.
No assignment pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence to an institution other than an Affiliate of such Lender or another Lender
shall be in an aggregate amount less than (unless the entire outstanding Loan of the assigning Lender is so assigned) $250,000. No consent
of the Borrower or the Loan Agent shall be required for any assignment by a Lender to another Lender. If any Lender so sells or assigns
all or a part of its rights hereunder or under the Lender Notes, any reference in this Agreement or the Lender Notes to such assigning
Lender shall thereafter refer to such Lender and to the respective assignee to the extent of their respective interests and the respective
assignee shall have, to the extent of such assignment (unless otherwise provided therein), the same rights and benefits as it would if
it were such assigning Lender.

(c) Each
assignment pursuant to Section 8.4(b) shall be effected by the assigning Lender and the assignee Lender executing an
Assignment and Assumption Agreement (an Assignment Agreement), which Assignment Agreement shall be substantially
in the form of Exhibit B (appropriately completed); provided that, in each case, unless otherwise consented to by the
Borrower, the Assignment Agreement shall contain a representation and warranty by the assignee to the Loan Agent and the Borrower that
such assignee is an Approved Lender. In the event of (and at the time of) any such assignment, either the assigning Lender or the assignee
Lender shall pay to the Loan Agent a nonrefundable assignment fee of $3,500, and at the time of any assignment pursuant to clause (b) of
this Section 8.4, (i) this Agreement shall be deemed to be amended to reflect the Lender Note (or the Confirmation of
Registration in lieu thereof) of the respective assignee (which shall result in a direct reduction to the Lender Note of the assigning
Lender) and of the other Lenders, and (ii) the Borrower shall issue new Lender Notes (or Confirmation of Registration) to the respective
assignee and/or to the assigning Lender, as applicable, in conformity with the requirements of Sections 3.2 and 8.16. No
transfer or assignment under clause (b) of this Section 8.4 shall be effective until recorded by the Loan Agent on the
Register pursuant to Section 8.16. To the extent of any assignment pursuant to clause (b) of this Section 8.4,
the assigning Lender shall be relieved of its obligations hereunder with respect to its assigned Lender Note (or Confirmation of Registration).
Each Lender and the Borrower agree to execute such documents (including amendments to this Agreement and the other Credit Documents) as
shall be necessary to effect the foregoing. Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent or prohibit any Lender from pledging its Lender Notes
or Loans to a Federal Reserve Bank in support of borrowings made by such Lender from such Federal Reserve Bank.

Section 8.5 No
Waiver; Remedies Cumulative. No failure or delay on the part of the Loan Agent, the Collateral Trustee or any Lender in exercising
any right, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Credit Document and no course of dealing between the Borrower and the Loan
Agent, the Collateral Trustee or any Lender shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right,
power or privilege hereunder or under any other Credit Document preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any
other right, power or privilege hereunder or thereunder. The rights and remedies herein expressly provided are cumulative and not exclusive
of any rights or remedies which the Loan Agent, the Collateral Trustee or any Lender would otherwise have. No notice to or demand on the
Borrower in any case shall entitle the Borrower or any other Person to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances
or constitute a waiver of the rights of the Loan Agent, the Collateral Trustee or the Lenders to any other or further action in any circumstances
without notice or demand.

27

Section 8.6 Payments
Pro Rata. (a) The Collateral Trustee agrees that promptly after its receipt of each payment from or on behalf of the Borrower
in respect of any Loans hereunder and pursuant to the Indenture, it shall distribute such payment to the Lenders (other than any Lender
that has expressly waived its right to receive its pro rata share thereof) pro rata based upon their respective Percentages,
if any, of the Loans with respect to which such payment was received.

(b) Each
of the Lenders agrees that, if it should receive any amount hereunder (whether by voluntary payment, by realization upon security, by
the exercise of the right of setoff or bankers lien, by counterclaim or cross action, by the enforcement of any right under the
Credit Documents, or otherwise) which is applicable to the payment of the principal of, or interest on, the Loans or fees, of a sum which
with respect to the related sum or sums received by other Lenders is in a greater proportion than the total of such Commitment then owed
and due to such Lender bears to the total of such Commitment then owed and due to all of the Lenders immediately prior to such receipt,
then such Lender receiving such excess payment shall purchase for Cash without recourse or warranty from the other Lenders an interest
in the Loans to such other Lenders in such amount as shall result in a proportional participation by all of the Lenders in such disproportionate
sum received; provided that, if all or any portion of such excess amount is thereafter recovered from such Lender, such purchase
shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, but without interest.

Section 8.7 Calculations;
Computations. All computations of interest hereunder shall be made on the actual number of days elapsed in the applicable Interest
Accrual Period divided by 360.

Section 8.8 Governing
Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Venue; Waiver of Jury Trial. (a) THIS AGREEMENT AND THE LOANS AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE
OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY THE
LOANS (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENT, AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY SHALL
BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

(b) With
respect to any suit, action or proceedings relating to this Agreement or any matter between the parties arising under or in connection
with this Agreement (Proceedings), each party irrevocably: (i) submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of
the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan and the United States District Court for the Southern District
of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof; and (ii) waives any objection which it may have at any time to the laying
of venue of any Proceedings brought in any such court, waives any claim that such Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum
and further waives the right to object, with respect to such Proceedings, that such court does not have any jurisdiction over such party.
Nothing in this Agreement precludes any of the parties from bringing Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, nor will the bringing of Proceedings
in any one or more jurisdictions preclude the bringing of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction.

28

(c) EACH
OF THE PARTIES HERETO AND ANY LENDER BECOMING A PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE
LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE LOANS OR THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. Each party hereby (i) certifies that no representative, agent or attorney of the other has represented, expressly
or otherwise, that the other would not, in the event of a Proceeding, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver and (ii) acknowledges
that it has been induced to enter into this Agreement by, among other things, the mutual waivers and certifications in this paragraph.

(d) Each
party (other than the Borrower and the Agents) to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for
notices in Section 8.3.

Section 8.9 Counterparts.
This Agreement (and each amendment, modification and waiver in respect of it) may be executed and delivered in counterparts (and by different
parties hereto in different counterparts) (including by e-mail or facsimile transmission (including, without limitation, any .pdf file,
.jpeg file, or any other electronic or image file, or any electronic signature as defined under E-SIGN or ESRA, which includes
any electronic signature provided using Orbit, Adobe Sign, Adobe Fill & Sign, DocuSign, or any other similar platform identified
by the Issuer and reasonably available at no undue burden or expense to the Agents)), each of which will be deemed an original, and all
of which together constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart signature page of this Agreement by
e-mail (.pdf) or facsimile shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.

Section 8.10 Effectiveness.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Closing Date upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 4.1.

Section 8.11 Headings
Descriptive. The headings of the several sections and subsections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not
in any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision of this Agreement.

Section 8.12 Amendment
or Waiver. (a) Except as set forth in clause (c) of this Section 8.12, this Agreement may not be amended or
waived other than in accordance with Article VIII of the Indenture, which is hereby incorporated by reference mutatis mutandis.

(b) Upon
the execution of any supplemental indenture under Article VIII of the Indenture, any provisions of the Indenture that are incorporated
by reference in this Agreement, mutatis mutandis, as if fully set forth herein, shall be modified in accordance therewith, and
such supplemental Indenture shall form a part of this Agreement for all purposes; and every Lender theretofore and thereafter authenticated
and delivered hereunder shall be bound thereby.

29

(c) (i) Other
than any amendment or modification that could be effected under Article VIII of the Indenture without the consent of the Lenders,
terms of this Agreement that are not related to provisions of the Indenture and that are terms uniquely affecting the Lenders may not
be changed, waived, discharged or terminated unless such change, waiver, discharge or termination is in writing signed by the Borrower,
the Agents and a Majority of the Lenders and is consented to by the Portfolio Manager; provided that no such change, waiver, discharge
or termination shall, without the consent of each Lender (with Loans being directly affected thereby in the case of the following subclause
(A)), (A) extend any time fixed for the payment of any principal of the Loans, or reduce the rate or extend the time of payment of
interest (other than as a result of waiving the applicability of any post-default increase in interest rates) or fees thereon, or reduce
the principal amount thereof, or change the currency of payment thereof or change any Lenders Commitment, (B) release all
or substantially all of the Assets (in each case, except as expressly provided in the Credit Documents), (C) amend, modify or waive
any provision of Section 8.6 or clause (a) of this Section 8.12, (D) reduce the percentage specified
in the definition of Majority (it being understood that, with the consent of a Majority of the Lenders, additional extensions of credit
pursuant to this Agreement may be included in the determination of a Majority of the Lenders on substantially the same basis as the extensions
of Commitments are included on the Closing Date), (E) consent to the assignment or transfer by the Borrower of any of its rights
and obligations under this Agreement (except as permitted by Section 5.10), (F) waive any Mandatory Prepayment of Loans
required pursuant to Section 3.3.3 or (G) amend, modify or waive any provision of Section 8.20; provided,
further, that, no such change, waiver, discharge or termination shall increase the Commitment of any Lender over the amount thereof
then in effect without the consent of such Lender (it being understood that waivers or modifications (otherwise permitted hereunder) of
conditions precedent, covenants, Defaults or Events of Default shall not constitute an increase of the Commitment of any Lender, and that
an increase in the available portion of any Commitment of any Lender shall not constitute an increase in the Commitment of such Lender)
or without the consent of the Agents amend, modify or waive any provision of Article VII or Section 3.6 as the
same applies to the Agents. Any such waiver and any such amendment, supplement or modification shall apply equally to each of the Lenders
and shall be binding upon the Borrower, the Lenders, the Loan Agent, the Collateral Trustee and all future holders of the Loans and the
Lender Notes (or a Holder taking such interest in the form of a Confirmation of Registration).

(ii) No
change, waiver, discharge or termination of this Agreement shall affect in any manner, amend, waive or modify the terms of the Indenture;

(iii) In
the case of any waiver, the Borrower, the Lenders, the Collateral Trustee and the Loan Agent shall be restored to their former position
and rights hereunder and under the other Credit Documents, and any Default or Event of Default waived shall be deemed to be cured and
not continuing, to the extent so provided herein; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default,
or impair any right consequent thereon. In executing or accepting any change, waiver, discharge or termination of this Agreement permitted
by this Section 8.12, the Loan Agent and Collateral Trustee shall be entitled to receive, and (subject to Section 7.2
and 7.4 herein and the Indenture) shall be fully protected in relying upon, an Opinion of Counsel stating that the execution of
such change, waiver, discharge or termination is authorized or permitted by this Agreement and that all conditions precedent thereto have
been satisfied. The Collateral Trustee and Loan Agent shall not be liable for any reliance made in good faith upon such Opinion of Counsel;
and

30

(iv) Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, Section 3.7 of this Agreement may be removed with the consent of 100% of the Lenders; provided
that no Class of Note shall have the right to object or be required to consent to the removal of Section 3.7; provided,
further, that upon the removal of Section 3.7 any provision of the Indenture related to Section 3.7, including,
without limitation, Section 2.15(a) of the Indenture, shall have no further force or effect for the purposes of this Agreement.

(d) Prior
to the effectiveness of any amendment to this Agreement pursuant to clause (c) of this Section 8.12, S&P shall be
given written notice thereof and a copy of the executed amendment after its execution.

Section 8.13 Survival.
All indemnities set forth herein, including in Section 7.8 and Section 8.1 and the provisions in Section 3.7(c) shall
survive the termination of this Agreement and the making and repayment of the Loans.

Section 8.14 Domicile
of Loans. Subject to the limitations of Section 8.4, each Lender may transfer and carry its Loans at, to or for the account
of any branch office, Subsidiary or Affiliate of such Lender.

Section 8.15 Confidentiality.
Each Lender shall be required to comply with the provisions of the Indenture, including Section 14.15 of the Indenture, with respect
to Confidential Information and the provisions of Section 14.15 of the Indenture are incorporated by reference mutatis mutandis;
provided that in no event shall any Lender or any Affiliate thereof be obligated or required to return any materials furnished
by the Borrower.

Section 8.16 Register.
(a) The Borrower hereby acknowledges that the Loan Agent will serve as the Borrowers agent, solely for purposes of this Section 8.16,
to serve as registrar (the Registrar) by maintaining a register (the Register) on which it shall
record the names and addresses of each Lender, the Loans (and transfers thereof) made by each such Persons and each repayment in respect
of the principal amount of the Loans. Failure to make any such recordation, or any error in such recordation shall not affect the Borrowers
obligations in respect of such Loans. With respect to any Lender, the transfer of the rights to the principal of, and interest on, any
Loan made by such Lender shall not be effective until such transfer is recorded on the Register maintained by the Loan Agent with respect
to ownership of such Loan as provided in this Section 8.16 and prior to such recordation all amounts owing to the transferor
with respect to such Loan shall remain owing to the transferor. The registration of assignment or transfer of all or part of any Loan
shall be recorded by the Loan Agent on the Register only upon the acceptance by the Loan Agent of a properly executed and delivered Assignment
Agreement pursuant to Section 8.4(b). Each Lender shall promptly provide the Loan Agent any information reasonably requested
by it for purposes of maintaining the Register. Coincident with the delivery of such an Assignment Agreement to the Loan Agent for acceptance
and registration of assignment or transfer of all or part of a Loan, or as soon thereafter as practicable, the assigning or transferor
Lender shall surrender its Lender Notes and thereupon one or more new Lender Notes (or Confirmation of Registration) in the same aggregate
principal amount shall, if requested by the assigning or transferor Lender and/or new Lender, be issued to the assigning or transferor
Lender and/or the new Lender, as applicable. The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall
treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding
any notice to the contrary.

31

(b) Each
Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters
the name and address of each participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each participants interest in the Loans
or other obligations under the Transaction Documents (the Participant Register); provided that no Lender shall
have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any participant or any information
relating to a participants interest in any Commitments, Loans, or its other obligations under any Transaction Document) to any
Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan, or other obligation is in registered
form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive
absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such
participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, no Agent (in
its capacity as Agent) shall have responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register.

Section 8.17 Marshalling;
Recapture. None of the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent nor any Lender shall be under any obligation to marshal any assets in favor
of the Borrower or any other party or against or in payment of any or all of the Loans. To the extent any Lender receives any payment
by or on behalf of the Borrower, which payment or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential,
set aside or required to be repaid to the Borrower or its estate, trustee, receiver, custodian or any other party under any bankruptcy
law, state or Federal law, common law or equitable cause, then to the extent of such payment or repayment, the obligation or part thereof
which has been paid, reduced or satisfied by the amount so repaid shall be reinstated by the amount so repaid and shall be included within
the liabilities of the Borrower to such Lender as of the date such initial payment, reduction or satisfaction occurred.

Section 8.18 Lender
Representations, etc.; Non-Recourse Obligations. (a) By executing this Agreement, whether on the date hereof or pursuant
to an assignment permitted hereunder, each Lender represents, warrants and covenants as follows:

(i) In
connection with the Loans: (A) none of the Borrower, the Portfolio Manager, the Placement Agents, the Structuring Agents, the Collateral
Trustee, the Collateral Administrator, the Loan Agent, the Transferor or any of their respective Affiliates is acting as a fiduciary or
financial or investment adviser for such Lender; (B) such Lender is not relying (for purposes of making any investment decision or
otherwise) upon any advice, counsel or representations (whether written or oral) of the Borrower, the Portfolio Manager, the Placement
Agents, the Structuring Agents, the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent, the Transferor or any of their respective
Affiliates other than any statements herein, and such Lender has read and understands this Agreement and the final Offering Circular (including
the descriptions therein of the structure of the transaction in which the Loans are being offered and the risks to the Lenders); (C) such
Lender has consulted with its own legal, regulatory, tax, business, investment, financial and accounting advisors to the extent it has
deemed necessary and has made its own investment decisions (including decisions regarding the suitability of any transaction pursuant
to this Agreement and the Indenture) based upon its own judgment and upon any advice from such advisors as it has deemed necessary and
not upon any view expressed by the Borrower, the Portfolio Manager, the Placement Agents, the Structuring Agents, the Collateral Administrator,
the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent, the Transferor or any of their respective Affiliates; (D) such Lender is both (x) a
Qualified Institutional Buyer that is not a broker-dealer which owns and invests on a discretionary basis less than $25 million in securities
of issuers that are not affiliated Persons of the dealer and is not a plan referred to in paragraph (a)(1)(d) or (a)(1)(e) of
Rule 144A or a trust fund referred to in paragraph (a)(1)(f) of Rule 144A that holds the assets of such a plan, if investment
decisions with respect to the plan are made by beneficiaries of the plan and (y) a Qualified Purchaser; (E) such Lender was
not formed for the purpose of acquiring such Loans and is acquiring its interest in such Loans for its own account; (F) such Lender
will hold and transfer the minimum required amount of the Loans; (G) such Lender is a sophisticated investor and is making the Loans
with a full understanding of all of the terms, conditions and risks thereof, and it is capable of assuming and willing to assume those
risks; (H) such Lender has had access to such financial and other information concerning the Borrower and the Loans as it has deemed
necessary or appropriate in order to make an informed decision with respect to making the Loans, including an opportunity to ask questions
of and request information from the Borrower and the Portfolio Manager and (I) such Lender will provide notice of the relevant transfer
restrictions, representations, warranties and agreements to subsequent transferees.

32

(ii) on
each day from the date on which such Lender acquires its interest in the Loans through and including the date on which such Lender disposes
of its interest in such Loans, (A) if it is, or is acting on behalf of, a Benefit Plan Investor, its acquisition, holding and disposition
of such Loans do not and will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975
of the Code, and (B) if it is a governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan which is subject to any Other Plan Law, its acquisition,
holding and disposition of such Loans will not constitute or result in a non-exempt violation of any Other Plan Law. If the purchaser
or transferee of any Loans or beneficial interest therein is a Benefit Plan Investor, it will be deemed to represent, warrant and agree
that (x) none of the Borrower, the Placement Agents, the Structuring Agents, the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent, the Collateral
Administrator or the Portfolio Manager or any of their affiliates has provided any investment advice within the meaning of Section 3(21)
of ERISA to the Benefit Plan Investor, or to any fiduciary or other Person investing the assets of the Benefit Plan Investor (Fiduciary),
in connection with its acquisition of the Loans, and (y) the Fiduciary is exercising its own independent judgment in evaluating the
investment in the Loans. Any purported transfer of a Loan or any interest therein to a purchaser or transferee that does not comply with
the requirements specified in the applicable documents will be of no force and effect and shall be null and void ab initio.

(iii) the
Lender has not assigned and will not assign any of its rights under this Agreement to anyone other than a Person that is a Qualified Institutional
Buyer and a Qualified Purchaser and each party to whom it assigns any or all of its rights under this Agreement represents and warrants
to the Borrower on the date it becomes a party to this Agreement and each date upon which a Loan is made hereunder after such date that
it is a Qualified Institutional Buyer and a Qualified Purchaser and that it has not assigned or will not assign any or all of its rights
under this Agreement to anyone other than a Person that is a Qualified Institutional Buyer and a Qualified Purchaser.

33

(iv) the
Lender agrees that if it no longer qualifies as a Qualified Institutional Buyer or a Qualified Purchaser, it shall notify the Borrower
thereof immediately in writing and, from such time, no further Loans shall be made to the Borrower by such Lender pursuant to this Agreement.

(v) the
Lender acknowledges, represents and agrees to the tax-related provisions set forth in Section 2.5(h) of the Indenture that are
applicable to a Class A Note, provided that references to Issuer and Holder shall be read to mean Borrower
and Lender, respectively, and agrees that the tax-related provisions of Section 2.5(h) of the Indenture are incorporated
by reference mutatis mutandis.

Each Lender understands that
the Borrower, the Portfolio Manager, the Placement Agents, the Structuring Agents, the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Trustee,
the Loan Agent, the Transferor and their respective counsel will rely upon the accuracy and truth of the foregoing representations, and
it hereby consents to such reliance. Each Lender understands that by entering into the transactions contemplated hereby it is making a
loan under a commercial credit facility and that by making the foregoing representation, no Lender is characterizing the transactions
contemplated herein as the making of an investment in securities as defined in the Securities Act.

(b) The
Loan Agent, the Collateral Trustee and each Lender covenants and agrees that the obligations of the Borrower under the Loans and this
Agreement are limited recourse obligations of the Borrower, payable solely from the Assets in accordance with the terms of the Transaction
Documents, and, following repayment and realization of the Assets, any claims of the Loan Agent or the Lenders and obligations of the
Borrower hereunder shall be extinguished and shall not thereafter revive, in accordance with Section 2.7 of the Indenture. No recourse
shall be had for the payment of any amount owing in respect of the Loans against any member, shareholder, owner, employee, officer, director,
manager, authorized Person, advisor, agent or incorporator or organizer of the Borrower or Portfolio Manager or their respective successors
or assigns for any amounts payable under the Loans, this Agreement or the Indenture. It is understood that the foregoing provisions of
this Section 8.18(b) shall not (i) prevent recourse to the Assets for the sums due or to become due under any security,
instrument or agreement which is part of the Assets or (ii) constitute a waiver, release or discharge of any indebtedness or obligation
evidenced by the Loans until the Assets has been realized, whereupon any outstanding indebtedness or obligation shall be extinguished
and shall not thereafter revive. The provisions of this Section 8.18(b) shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

Section 8.19 [Reserved].

Section 8.20 No
Petition. (a) The Collateral Trustee, Loan Agent and each Lender or holder of an interest herein hereby covenants and agrees
that it shall not institute against, or join any other Person in instituting against, the Borrower until one year (or if longer, the then
applicable preference period) and one day after all Debt has been paid in full, any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency
or liquidation proceedings, or other similar proceedings under any federal or state bankruptcy or similar law.

34

(b) This
Section 8.20 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of all amounts payable hereunder.

Section 8.21 Acknowledgment.
The Borrower hereby acknowledges that none of the parties hereto has any fiduciary relationship with or fiduciary duty to the Borrower
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and the relationship between the Collateral Trustee, the Lenders and the Loan Agent on the one
hand, and the Borrower, on the other hand, in connection herewith is solely that of debtor and creditor.

Section 8.22 Limitation
on Suits. No Lender shall have any right to institute any Proceedings, judicial or otherwise, with respect to this Agreement or the
Indenture except as provided in Section 5.3 of the Indenture.

Section 8.23 Unconditional
Rights of Lenders to Receive Principal and Interest. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, the Lenders shall have
the right, which is absolute and unconditional, to receive payment of the principal of and interest on the Loans as such principal and
interest become due and payable in accordance with the Priority of Payments and Section 3.6 and Section 8.20,
and, subject to the provisions of Section 8.22, to institute proceedings for the enforcement of any such payment, and such
right shall not be impaired without the consent of such Lender.

Section 8.24 Termination
of Agreement. Without prejudice to any provision of the Indenture, this Agreement and all rights and obligations hereunder, other
than those expressly specified as surviving the termination of the Agreement and the repayment of the Loans and those set forth in Sections
4.1 of the Indenture with respect to the Lenders, the Loans or the Agents, shall terminate (a) at such time that all of the Loans
are repaid in full in accordance with the terms herein or (b) upon the final distribution of all proceeds of any liquidation of the
Collateral Obligations, Equity Securities and Eligible Investments effected pursuant to Article V of the Indenture.

Section 8.25 Lender
Information. Notice to Lenders shall be provided as set forth in Section 14.3 of the Indenture.

Section 8.26 Lender
Consent. By its execution and making of Loans hereunder, each Lender shall be deemed to have consented to the terms applicable to
it in its capacity as a holder of the Loans and the execution of the Indenture.

Section 8.27 [Reserved].

Section 8.28 [Reserved].

Section 8.29 USA
PATRIOT Act. In order to comply with the laws, rules, regulations and executive orders in effect from time to time applicable
to banking institutions, including, without limitation, those relating to the funding of terrorist activities and money laundering,
including Section 326 of the USA PATRIOT Act, the Agents are required to obtain, verify, record and update certain information
relating to individuals and entities which maintain a business relationship with the Agents. Accordingly, each of the parties agrees to
provide to the Agents upon request from time to time such identifying information and documentation as may be available for such
party in order to enable the Agents to comply with the USA PATRIOT Act.

[Signature Pages Follow]

35

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first above
written.

KKR 
FSK CLO 2 LLC,

as Borrower

By: FS KKR Capital
Corp., its designated manager

By: /s/ William Goebel

Name: William Goebel

Title: Chief Financial
Officer

KKR
FSK CLO 2 LLC 

Class A-1L
Credit Agreement

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
not in its individual capacity, but solely as Collateral Trustee

By: /s/ Elaine Mah

Name: Elaine Mah

Title: Senior Vice President

KKR
FSK CLO 2 LLC 

Class A-1L
Credit Agreement

U.S.
BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, not in its individual capacity,
but solely as Loan Agent

By: /s/ Elaine Mah

Name: Elaine Mah

Title: Senior Vice President

KKR
FSK CLO 2 LLC

Class A-1L
Credit Agreement

KEYBANK
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Lender

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC

Class A-1L Credit Agreement

ANNEX X

DEFINITIONS

Any defined terms used herein
shall have the respective meanings set forth herein.

Agent
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.1.

Agent Fee Letter
means the fee letter between the Borrower (or the Portfolio Manager on behalf of the Borrower) and the Bank relating to the Debt and the
transactions contemplated by the Indenture and this Agreement.

Aggregate Commitment
means (i) as of the Closing Date, $100,000,000 and (ii) upon an amendment of Schedule 1 to this Agreement pursuant to
Section 2.1, such other amount as may be set forth on such Schedule 1 (as so amended).

Agreement
has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble.

Approved Lender
means a financial institution or other institutional lender that makes each of the representations set forth in Section 8.18(a).

Assignment Agreement
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.4(c).

Assignment/Conversion
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.7.

Bank
means U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association.

Bankruptcy Code
means the federal Bankruptcy Code, Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended from time to time, and any successor statute or any
other applicable federal or state bankruptcy law or similar law.

Borrower
has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble.

Borrower
has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble.

Borrowing
means Loans made by all Lenders on the Loan Date in accordance with Section 3.1.

Business Day(s):
Any day other than (i) a Saturday or a Sunday or (ii) a day on which commercial banks are authorized or required by applicable
law, regulation or executive order to close in New York, New York or in the city in which the Corporate Trust Office of the Loan Agent
and the Collateral Trustee is located (initially, Houston, Texas and Charlotte, North Carolina) or, for any final payment of principal,
in the relevant place of presentation.

Calculation Agent
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13.

Collateral Documents
means the Indenture, the Securities Account Control Agreement and any other agreement, instrument or document executed and delivered by
or on behalf of the Borrower in connection with the foregoing or pursuant to which a Lien is granted in accordance with the terms of the
Indenture as security for any of the Loans.

Annex X-1

Commitment
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.1.

Confirmation of
Registration: With respect to an uncertificated interest in the Loans, a confirmation of registration, substantially in the
form of Exhibit D, provided to the owner thereof promptly after the registration thereof in the Register by the Registrar.

Conversion Date
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.7.

Conversion Option
means the option of a Converting Lender to convert all or a portion of the Loans into an equivalent principal amount of Class A-1
Notes pursuant to Section 3.7 hereof and Section 2.15(a) of the Indenture.

Converting Lender
means any Lender that has exercised a Conversion Option hereunder.

Credit Document
means this Agreement, the Lender Notes, the Confirmation of Registration, the Collateral Documents and any other agreement, instrument
or document executed and delivered by or on behalf of the Borrower in connection with the foregoing.

Custodian
means U.S. Bank National Association, in its capacity as custodian and as document custodian under the Securities Account Control Agreement,
together with its successors and assigns, as applicable.

Default
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.1.

Dollar
or $ means dollars in lawful currency of the United States of America.

Event of Default
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.1.

Fiduciary
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.18(a)(ii).

GAAP
means generally accepted accounting principles (as in effect in the United States).

Indenture
means that certain Indenture and Security Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2025, among the Borrower and the Collateral Trustee, as
the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time pursuant to the terms thereof.

Lender
means any of the creditors that are parties to this Agreement, including each initial Lender and each Person which becomes an assignee
pursuant to Section 8.4(b).

Lender Note
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.2.

Lien
means, with respect to any asset, any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or
other), charge, or preference, priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including
any conditional sale, sale subject to a repurchase obligation or other title retention agreement relating to such asset, and any financing
lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing).

Annex X-2

Loan
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.1.

Loan Agent
has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble.

Loan Date
means the Closing Date.

Majority of the
Lenders means Lenders holding more than 50% of the Aggregate Commitment.

Mandatory Prepayment
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.3.3.

Officers
Certificate means a certificate signed on behalf of the Borrower or the Portfolio Manager by one or more officers thereof.

Percentage
of any Lender means, at any time: (a) with respect to the aggregate amount of Commitments of all Lenders to make Loans at such time,
the percentage which such Lenders Commitment to make Loans, if any, is of the aggregate amount of Commitments of all Lenders to
make Loans at such time; and (b) with respect to the aggregate amount of Loans which are outstanding at such time, the percentage
which the aggregate principal amount of such Lenders Loans is of the total principal amount of Loans at such time; in each case
as shown on Schedule 1 to this Agreement (or, in the case of any Lender which becomes a Lender pursuant to any Assignment
Agreement, as provided in such Assignment Agreement) and in all cases as changed from time to time as a consequence of Assignment Agreements
pursuant to Section 8.4(b) and as reflected in the books and records of the Loan Agent at such time.

Person
means individual, corporation (including a business trust), partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint
stock company, statutory trust, trust (including any beneficiary thereof), unincorporated association or government or any agency or political
subdivision thereof.

Plan
means any employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) which is subject to Title I of ERISA, any
plan that is not subject to ERISA but which is subject to Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code, and any entity such as a collective
investment fund and separate account whose underlying assets include the assets of such employee benefit plans or plans.

Portfolio Manager
means FS KKR Capital Corp., in its capacity as assert manager to the Borrower under the Portfolio Management Agreement, unless and until
a replacement portfolio manager shall have become Portfolio Manager pursuant to the Portfolio Management Agreement and the
Indenture and thereafter Portfolio Manager shall mean such replacement portfolio manager.

Rating Agency:
S&P, or, with respect to Assets generally, if at any time S&P ceases to provide rating services with respect to debt obligations,
any other nationally recognized investment rating agency selected by the Borrower (or the Portfolio Manager on behalf of the Borrower).

Annex X-3

Register
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.16.

Responsible Officer
means, when used with respect to the Collateral Trustee or the Loan Agent, any officer within the Corporate Trust Office of the Collateral
Trustee or the Loan Agent, as applicable (or any successor group of the Collateral Trustee or Loan Agent, as applicable) including any
vice president, assistant vice president or officer of the Collateral Trustee or the Loan Agent, as applicable, customarily performing
functions similar to those performed by the Persons who at the time shall be such officers, respectively, or to whom any corporate trust
matter is referred at the Corporate Trust Office because of such Persons knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject
and in each case having direct responsibility for the administration of this transaction.

S&P
means S&P Global Ratings, an S&P Global Ratings Inc. business, and any successor or successors thereto.

Securities Account
Control Agreement means the Account Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among the Borrower, the Collateral Trustee and
U.S. Bank National Association, as intermediary and as document custodian.

Senior Item
shall have the meaning assigned in Section 3.6(b) (Subordination) herein.

Subsidiary
means at any time, with respect to any Person (the parent), any corporation, association, partnership, limited liability
company or other business entity (a) of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50% of the ordinary
voting power to elect the board of directors, general partner, or comparable body of such corporation, association, partnership or other
business entity or, in the case of a partnership, ownership interests representing more than 50% of the interests of such partnership
(irrespective of whether at the time securities or other ownership interests of any other class or classes of such corporation, association,
partnership or other business entity shall or might have voting power solely upon the occurrence of any contingency) are, at such time
owned directly or indirectly by the parent, by one or more Subsidiaries of the parent or by the parent and one or more Subsidiaries of
the parent and (b) which is also required at such time under GAAP to be consolidated with the parent.

Transaction Documents
means this Agreement, the other Credit Documents, the Indenture, the Portfolio Management Agreement, the Loan Sale Agreement, the Collateral
Administration Agreement, the Account Agreement, the Placement Agreement, the ESMA Reporting Side Letter, the Retention Undertaking Letter
and any Master Participation Agreement.

Collateral Trustee
has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble.

United States
or U.S. means the United States of America, its 50 States, the District of Columbia and the Commonwealth of Puerto
Rico.

Annex X-4

EXHIBIT A

$______________ New York, New York

______ ___, ______

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, KKR -
FSK CLO 2 LLC (the Borrower), hereby promises to pay to ______________ or its registered assigns (the Lender),
in lawful money of the United States of America in immediately available funds, at the Payment Office initially located at c/o ,
on each Payment Date, in accordance with the Priority of Payments set forth in the Indenture (as defined below) the principal sum of
______________ DOLLARS ($______________) or, if less, the unpaid principal amount of all Loans made by the Lender pursuant to the Agreement
(as defined below), payable at such times and in such amounts as are specified in the Agreement. Terms used but not defined herein shall
have their respective meaning set forth in the Agreement and the Indenture, dated as of March 28, 2025 among the Borrower and U.S.
Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Collateral Trustee (as supplemented, amended or otherwise modified from time to time, the
Indenture), as applicable.

The Borrower also promise
to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Loan made by the Lender in like money at said office from the date hereof until
paid at the rates and at the times provided in Article III of the Agreement.

This Lender Note is one of
the Lender Notes referred to in the Class A-1L Credit Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2025, among the Borrower, the lenders
from time to time party thereto (including the Lender) and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as loan agent and as collateral
trustee (as amended, restated, modified and/or supplemented from time to time, the Agreement) and is entitled to
the benefits thereof and of the other Credit Documents. This Lender Note is secured by the Indenture. As provided in the Agreement, this
Lender Note is subject to voluntary prepayment and mandatory repayment prior to the final Payment Date, in accordance with the Priority
of Payments as provided in Section 3.3 of the Agreement and the Indenture.

In case an Event of Default
(as defined in the Agreement) shall occur and be continuing, the principal of and accrued interest on this Lender Note may be declared
to be due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Agreement and the Indenture.

The Borrower hereby waives
presentment, demand, protest or notice of any kind in connection with this Lender Note.

This Lender Note is subject
to Section 8.18 and Section 8.20 of the Agreement.

THIS LENDER NOTE SHALL BE
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND BE GOVERNED BY THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICTS OF LAW PRINCIPLES).

EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT
HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT THAT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY
PROCEEDING.

Ex. A-1

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

Ex. A-2

KKR
FSK CLO 2 LLC,

as Borrower

By: FS KKR Capital
Corp., its designated manager

By: 

Name:

Title:

Ex. A-3

EXHIBIT B

Form of Assignment Agreement

ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION

This Assignment and Assumption
(this Assignment and Assumption) is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below and is entered into by and between
[Insert name of Assignee] (the Assignor) and [Insert name of Assignee] (the Assignee). Capitalized
terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Class A-1L Credit Agreement identified below (the
Credit Agreement), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by the Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions
set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment
and Assumption as if set forth herein in full.

For an agreed consideration,
the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from the
Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted
by the Loan Agent as contemplated below (i) all of the Assignors rights and obligations as a Lender under the Credit Agreement
and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount and percentage interest identified
below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of the Assignor under the respective facilities identified below and (ii) to
the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of the Assignor (in
its capacity as a Lender) against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any
other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related
to any of the foregoing, including, but not limited to, contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other
claims at law or in equity related to the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations
sold and assigned pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred to herein collectively as, the Assigned Interest).
Such sale and assignment is without recourse to the Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without
representation or warranty by the Assignor.

1. Assignor: 

2. Assignee: 

Address: 

Contact Information: 

Wire Instructions: 

3. Borrower: KKR - FSK CLO 2 LLC

4. Loan Agent: U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as the Loan Agent under the Credit Agreement.

Ex. B-1

5. Credit
Agreement: The Class A-1L Credit Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2025, among KKR - FSK CLO 2 LLC, as Borrower, the Lenders
from time to time party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Loan Agent and as Collateral Trustee.

6. Assigned
Interest:

Facility Assigned Aggregate Amount of 

Commitment for all 

Lenders Amount of 

Commitment 

Assigned Percentage
Assigned 

of Commitment1

Loans $ $ %

Effective Date: _____________,
20____ (the Effective Date)2

[Insert if being delivered
in connection with an Assignment/Conversion: This Assignment and Assumption is being entered into in connection with an Assignment/Conversion]

The terms set forth in this
Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to:

ASSIGNOR

[NAME OF ASSIGNOR]

By: 

Title: Authorized Signatory

ASSIGNEE

[NAME OF ASSIGNEE]

By: 

Title: 

1
Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the Commitment of all Lenders thereunder.

2
If delivered in connection with an Assignment/Conversion, the Effective Date must be the same date as the related Conversion Date.

Ex. B-2

Receipt acknowledged by:

U.S. BANK TRUST
COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Loan Agent

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Consented to:

KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC,

as Borrower

By: FS KKR Capital Corp., its designated manager

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Ex. B-3

ANNEX 1 TO ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION

CLASS A-1L CREDIT AGREEMENT

STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR

ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION

1. Representations
and Warranties.

1.1. Assignor.
The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest, (ii) the
Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim and (iii) it has full power and authority, and
has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection
with the Credit Agreement or any other Credit Document, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency
or value of the Credit Documents or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of the Borrower, any of its respective
subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of any Credit Document or (iv) the performance or observance
by the Borrower, any of its subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of its obligations under any Credit Document.

1.2. Assignee.
The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute
and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the Credit
Agreement and, if the Assignment and Assumption is being delivered in connection with an Assignment/Conversion, a Holder under the Indenture,
(ii) it meets all requirements of an Approved Lender under the Credit Agreement (subject to receipt of such consents as may be required
under the Credit Agreement) and, if the Assignment and Assumption is being delivered in connection with an Assignment/Conversion, a Holder
under the Indenture, (iii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Lender
or, if the Assignment and Assumption is being delivered in connection with an Assignment/Conversion, the Indenture as a Holder thereunder
and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder, and (iv) it has received a copy of
the Credit Agreement, the Indenture and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis
and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase the Assigned Interest on the basis of which it has made such
analysis and decision independently and without reliance on the Loan Agent or any other Lender; and (b) agrees that (i) it will,
independently and without reliance on the Loan Agent, the Assignor or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as
it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Credit Documents,
and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Credit Documents are required
to be performed by it as a Lender or, if this Assignment and Assumption is being delivered in connection with an Assignment/Conversion,
a Holder.

Ex. B-4

2. Payments.
From and after the Effective Date, the Borrower shall make all payments in respect of the Assigned Interest (including payments of principal,
interest, fees and other amounts) to the Loan Agent for the benefit of (x) the Assignor for amounts which have accrued to but excluding
the Effective Date and to (y) the Assignee for amounts which have accrued from and after the Effective Date.

3. General
Provisions. This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective
successors and assigns. This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute
one instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption by telecopy or electronic
mail shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Assumption. This Assignment and Assumption
shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York.

4. Waiver
of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT THAT IT MAY HAVE
TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY PROCEEDING.

Ex. B-5

EXHIBIT C

Notice of Conversion

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Collateral Trustee 

8 Greenway Plaza, Suite 1100 

Houston, Texas 77046 

Attention: Global Corporate Trust KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Loan Agent 

214 N. Tryon Street, 27th Floor 

Charlotte, North Carolina 28202 

Attention: Loan Agency KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC 

Email: Agency.services@usbank.com; james.hanley1@usbank.com

KKR - FSK CLO 2 LLC 

201 Rouse Blvd. 

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19112 

Attention: William Goebel

Reference is hereby made to
the Class A-1L Credit Agreement dated as of March 28, 2025, among KKR - FSK CLO 2 LLC, as borrower, various financial institutions
and other persons which are, or may become, parties thereto as Lenders (the Lenders), U.S. Bank Trust Company, National
Association, as Loan Agent and Collateral Trustee (the Credit Agreement), as the same may be supplemented or amended
from time to time in accordance with its terms. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given them in the
Credit Agreement.

Pursuant to Section 3.7
of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby provides notice to the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent and the Borrower that it is
exercising the Conversion Option. The undersigned hereby certifies that it holds an Aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Loans in the
amount of U.S.$[_______] and requests that U.S.$[_______] of the Loans be converted into Class A-1 Notes on [_______].3,4

[Pursuant to Section 3.7(c) of
the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby provides notice to the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent and the Borrower that they are
exercising the Conversion Option in connection with an Assignment/Conversion and that they are also concurrently herewith delivering
to the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent and the Borrower an executed copy of an Assignment Agreement. [Insert name of Assignor] hereby
certifies that it holds an [Aggregate Outstanding Amount] of the Loans in the amount of U.S.$[__________], is assigning U.S.$[________]
of the Loans to [Insert name of Assignee] (the Assignee) and requests that the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of the
Loans being assigned be converted into Class A-1 Notes and delivered to the Assignee as Class A-1 Notes on [_______].]5,6

3
No earlier than five Business Days after the delivery of the notice (or such earlier date as may be reasonably agreed to by the Lender,
the Collateral Trustee and the Loan Agent); provided that if the Loans to be so converted have been assigned on any Business Date
subsequent to the immediately prior Payment Date, then the Conversion Date shall only occur on a Payment Date.

4
Insert for Conversion Option exercise only.

5
No earlier than five Business Days after the delivery of the notice (or such earlier date as may be reasonably agreed to by the Lender,
the Collateral Trustee and the Loan Agent); provided that if the Loans to be so converted have been assigned on any Business Date
subsequent to the immediately prior Payment Date, then the Conversion Date shall only occur on a Payment Date.

6
Insert for Assignment/Conversion.

Ex. C-1

The undersigned agrees to
provide reasonable assistance to the Collateral Trustee and the Loan Agent in connection with such [conversion][Assignment/Conversion],
including, but not limited to, providing instructions to DTC.

[Lender][Assignee] DTC Participant
No.: _________________________

Name of Custodian: _________________________

Contact Name: _____________________________

Telephone No.: ____________________________

E mail Address: ___________________________

In order to coordinate the
DWAC with the Collateral Trustee Please contact:

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association 

8 Greenway Plaza, Suite 1100 

Houston, Texas 77046 

Attention: Global Corporate Trust KKR FSK
CLO 2 LLC

Ex. C-2

[NAME OF LENDER]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[NAME OF ASSIGNEE]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Ex. C-3

EXHIBIT D

CONFIRMATION
OF REGISTRATION

KKR - FSK CLO 2 LLC,

as Borrower,

[DATE]

Re: Class A-1L Credit Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2025 (the Credit Agreement),
among KKR - FSK CLO 2 LLC, as borrower (the Borrower) and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Loan
Agent (the Loan Agent) and as Collateral Trustee (the Collateral Trustee). Capitalized terms
not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement

The Registrar hereby confirms that it has registered
the principal amount of the Loan in the name specified below, in the Register. This Confirmation of Registration is provided for informational
purposes only; ownership of such Loan shall be determined conclusively by the Register. To the extent of any conflict between this Confirmation
of Registration and the Register, the Register shall control. This is not a security certificate.

Amount of Loan: U.S.$[ ]

Registered
Name of Lender: [ ]

Address of Lender: [ ]

[ ]

[ ]

[ ]

Wire Instructions
of Lender: [ ]

Transaction Date Transaction

Description Loan Amount 

Ex. D-1

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National
Association, 

as Registrar

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

KKR
FSK CLO 2 LLC

Class A-1L
Confirmation of Registration

Ex. D-2

SCHEDULE 1

Commitments and Percentages

Lender Commitment Percentage Commitment Amount

KeyBank National Association 100% $100,000,000

Total: 100% $100,000,000

Sch. 1-1

SCHEDULE 2

Lending Offices and Notice Data

Collateral Trustee

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association 

8 Greenway Plaza, Suite 1100 

Houston, Texas 77046 

Attention: Global Corporate
Trust KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC 

Email: kkr.team@usbank.com

Loan Agent

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association 

214 N. Tryon Street, 27th Floor 

Charlotte, North Carolina 28202 

Attention: Loan Agency KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC 

Email: Agency.services@usbank.com; james.hanley1@usbank.com

Borrower

KKR - FSK CLO 2 LLC 

c/o FS KKR Capital Corp., 

201 Rouse Blvd. 

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19112 

Attention: William Goebel 

Email: FSIC_Team@fsinvestments.com; credit.notices@fsinvestments.com;
portfolio.finance@fsinvestments.com

Portfolio Manager

FS KKR Capital Corp. 

201 Rouse Blvd. 

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19112 

Attention: William Goebel 

Email: FSIC_Team@fsinvestments.com; credit.notices@fsinvestments.com;
portfolio.finance@fsinvestments.com

Rating Agency

S&P Global Ratings 

Email: CDO_Surveillance@spglobal.com

Sch. 2-1

SCHEDULE 3

Payment Instructions for Lenders

Notice Information

Payment Information Initial Principal 

Amount (U.S.$) LOANX ID

KeyBank NA.

Division: Specialty Finance Lending

1000 S. McCaslin Boulevard

Superior, CO 80027

Primary Contact:

Name: Brandon Messing

Telephone: 720-304-1574

Email: brandon_messing@keybank.com

Secondary Contact:

Name: Ric Anderson

Telephone: 720-304-1247

Email: richard_s_anderson@key.com

Escalation:

Name: Tim Maxwell

Telephone: 720-304-1156

Email: Timoth_Maxwell@KeyBank.com

Payment Instructions:

ABA #: 021300077

Bank Name: KeyBank NA.

Account #: 329953020917

Account Name: KeyBank NA.

Attention: KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC $100,000,000 N/A

Sch. 3-1

SCHEDULE 4

Collateral Trustee Wiring Instructions

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Collateral Trustee

Wiring Instructions:

USD

Bank Name: U.S. Bank N.A.

ABA # : 091 000 022

For Credit to KKR - FSK CLO 2 LLC 

Account #: 167502994814

Reference: KKR - FSK CLO 2 LLC

Sch. 4-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tm2511364d1_ex10-5.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.5
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.5

EXECUTION VERSION

CLASS A-2L CREDIT AGREEMENT

dated as of March 28, 2025

among

KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC,

as Borrower,

VARIOUS FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS AND OTHER PERSONS,

as Lenders,

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Loan Agent and Collateral Trustee

Table
of Contents

Page

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 1

Section 1.1 Defined Terms 1

Section 1.2 Use of Defined Terms 1

Section 1.3 Amendment and Restatement of Promissory Note 1

Section 1.4 Interpretation 2

Section 1.5 Accounting Matters 2

Section 1.6 Collateral Documents 2

Section 1.7 Conflict Between Credit Documents 2

Section 1.8 Legal Representation of the Parties 2

ARTICLE II COMMITMENTS 2

Section 2.1 Commitments of Each Lender 2

Section 2.2 Fees 3

ARTICLE III LOANS AND LENDER NOTES 3

Section 3.1 Borrowing Procedure 3

Section 3.2 Lender Notes 3

Section 3.3 Principal Payments 5

Section 3.4 Interest 6

Section 3.5 Method and Place of Payment 7

Section 3.6 Subordination 7

Section 3.7 Conversion 8

Section 3.8 Additional Loans 9

ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS 9

Section 4.1 Loan Date 9

ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, AND COVENANTS 9

Section 5.1 Payment of Principal and Interest 9

Section 5.2 Maintenance of Office or Agency 9

Section 5.3 Money for Loan Payments to be Held in Trust 10

Section 5.4 Existence of Borrower 10

Section 5.5 Protection of Assets 10

Section 5.6 Opinions as to Assets 10

-i-

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(continued)

Page

Section 5.7 Performance of Obligations 10

Section 5.8 Negative Covenants 10

Section 5.9 Statement as to Compliance 10

Section 5.10 Successor Substituted 11

Section 5.11 No Other Business 11

Section 5.12 Annual Rating Review 11

Section 5.13 Calculation Agent 11

Section 5.14 Certain Tax Matters 11

Section 5.15 Representations Relating to Security Interests in the Assets 11

ARTICLE VI EVENTS OF DEFAULT 14

Section 6.1 Default and Events of Default 14

Section 6.2 Acceleration 14

Section 6.3 Remedies 14

ARTICLE VII THE AGENTS 14

Section 7.1 Appointment 14

Section 7.2 Nature of Duties 15

Section 7.3 Lack of Reliance on the Agents 15

Section 7.4 Certain Rights of the Agents 15

Section 7.5 Not Responsible for Recitals, Incurrence of Loans or Issuance of Notes 19

Section 7.6 May Hold Loans or Notes 19

Section 7.7 Holders of Lender Notes; Transferee of Assignment Agreement 19

Section 7.8 Compensation and Reimbursement 20

Section 7.9 Agents Required; Eligibility 21

Section 7.10 Resignation and Removal of Agents; Appointment of Successor Agents 21

Section 7.11 Acceptance of Appointment by Successor Agents 23

Section 7.12 Merger, Conversion, Consolidation or Succession to Business of Agents 23

Section 7.13 Representations and Warranties of U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association 23

-ii-

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(continued)

Page

ARTICLE VIII MISCELLANEOUS 25

Section 8.1 Payment of Expenses, Etc. 25

Section 8.2 Right of Setoff 25

Section 8.3 Notices 25

Section 8.4 Benefit of Agreement 26

Section 8.5 No Waiver; Remedies Cumulative 27

Section 8.6 Payments Pro Rata 28

Section 8.7 Calculations; Computations 28

Section 8.8 Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Venue; Waiver of Jury Trial 28

Section 8.9 Counterparts 29

Section 8.10 Effectiveness 29

Section 8.11 Headings Descriptive 29

Section 8.12 Amendment or Waiver 29

Section 8.13 Survival 31

Section 8.14 Domicile of Loans 31

Section 8.15 Confidentiality 31

Section 8.16 Register 31

Section 8.17 Marshalling; Recapture 32

Section 8.18 Lender Representations, etc.; Non-Recourse Obligations 32

Section 8.19 [Reserved] 34

Section 8.20 No Petition 34

Section 8.21 Acknowledgment 35

Section 8.22 Limitation on Suits 35

Section 8.23 Unconditional Rights of Lenders to Receive Principal and Interest 35

Section 8.24 Termination of Agreement 35

Section 8.25 Lender Information 35

Section 8.26 Lender Consent 35

Section 8.27 [Reserved] 35

Section 8.28 [Reserved] 35

Section 8.29 USA PATRIOT Act 35

-iii-

ANNEXES, EXHIBITS AND SCHEDULES

ANNEX X Definitions

EXHIBIT A Form of Lender Note

EXHIBIT B Form of Assignment and Assumption Agreement

EXHIBIT C Form of Conversion Notice

EXHIBIT D Confirmation of Registration

SCHEDULE 1 Commitments and Percentages

SCHEDULE 2 Lending Offices and Notice Data

SCHEDULE 3 Payment Instructions for Lenders

SCHEDULE 4 Loan Agent Wiring Instructions

-iv-

CLASS A-2L CREDIT AGREEMENT

THIS CLASS A-2L CREDIT
AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of March 28, 2025, is entered into by and among KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company (the Borrower), VARIOUS FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS AND OTHER PERSONS which are,
or may become, parties hereto as Lenders (the Lenders), and U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, not in
its individual capacity but as Loan Agent (in such capacity, the Loan Agent) and as Collateral Trustee under the
Indenture (in such capacity, the Collateral Trustee).

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, the Borrower is a
Delaware limited liability company and organized for the purpose of investing on a leveraged basis and actively managing a diversified
pool of Collateral Obligations (as such term and the other capitalized terms used in these recitals are defined in Section 1.1
below);

WHEREAS, the Borrower will
be issuing Notes under the Indenture as Issuer subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, and will pledge as security for
the Notes and the Loans all of the Assets, as set forth in the Indenture;

WHEREAS, the Borrower desires
to borrow from the Lenders, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein; and

WHEREAS, the Lenders are willing,
on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, to extend such Commitments;

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties
hereto, intending to be legally bound hereby, agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS
AND INTERPRETATION

Section 1.1 Defined
Terms. As used in this Agreement, and unless the context requires a different meaning, capitalized terms used but not defined herein
shall have the respective meanings set forth in Annex X hereto (or, if not so defined, in the Indenture). The parties hereto acknowledge
and agree that the Loans made under this Agreement are the Class A-2L Loans referred to in the Indenture.

Section 1.2 Use
of Defined Terms. Unless otherwise defined or the context otherwise requires, terms for which meanings are provided in this Agreement
shall have such meanings when used in each Assignment Agreement, notice and other communication delivered from time to time in connection
with this Agreement or any other Credit Document.

Section 1.3 Interpretation.
In this Agreement, unless a clear contrary intention appears:

(a) the
singular includes the plural and the plural the singular;

1

(b) words
importing any gender include the other genders;

(c) references
to writing include printing, typing, lithography and other means of reproducing words in a visible form;

(d) references
to agreements (including this Agreement and the Annex and Exhibits and Schedules hereto) and other contractual instruments include all
amendments, modifications and supplements thereto or any changes therein entered into in accordance with their respective terms and not
prohibited by the Indenture or this Agreement;

(e) references
to Persons include their permitted successors and assigns but if applicable, only if such successors and assigns are permitted by this
agreement, and reference to a Person in a particular capacity excludes such Person in any other capacity or individually; and

(f) the
term including means including without limitation.

Section 1.4 Accounting
Matters. For purposes of this Agreement, all accounting terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them
in conformity with GAAP.

Section 1.5 Collateral
Documents. References in this Agreement to the Indenture or any other Collateral Document, in a case where such Collateral Document
is or would be governed by the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of New York, shall mean and be a reference to a document
having a purpose and effect under the laws of such other jurisdiction substantially similar to the purpose and effect of the corresponding
Collateral Document.

Section 1.6 Conflict
Between Credit Documents. If there is any conflict between this Agreement and the Indenture or any other Credit Document, this Agreement,
the Indenture and such other Credit Document shall be interpreted and construed, if possible, so as to avoid or minimize such conflict
but, to the extent (and only to the extent) of such conflict, the Indenture shall prevail and control and in any other case this Agreement
shall prevail and control.

Section 1.7 Legal
Representation of the Parties. This Agreement was negotiated by the parties with the benefit of legal representation and any rule of
construction or interpretation otherwise requiring this Agreement or any other Credit Document to be construed or interpreted against
any party shall not apply to any construction or interpretation hereof or thereof.

ARTICLE II

COMMITMENTS

Section 2.1 Commitments
of Each Lender. (a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, each Lender severally and for itself alone agrees
to make a Loan (as defined below) to the Borrower in a principal amount equal to such Lenders Percentage of the Aggregate Commitment.

2

(b) Each
Lender shall, on the Closing Date and subject to the terms and conditions hereof, severally, but not jointly, make a term loan (a Loan
and, collectively, the Loans) to the Borrower (the payment of which may be made to the Collateral Trustee on behalf
of the Borrower) for deposit (pursuant to the wiring instructions on Schedule 4 hereto) in a principal amount equal to such Lenders
Percentage of the Aggregate Commitment. The commitment of each Lender to make Loans under this Section 2.1(b) is herein
referred to as its Commitment and, together with its Percentage of the Aggregate Commitment, is set forth in Schedule
1 hereto.

(c) Each
Loan shall be denominated in Dollars. Subject to the terms hereof, the Borrower may from time to time prepay the Loans in accordance
with the Priority of Payments and in connection with a redemption of the Debt in accordance with Article IX of the Indenture; provided
that the Borrower may not borrow or re-borrow any Loans after prepayment or repayment thereof.

Section 2.2 Fees.
The Borrower shall pay fees to the Loan Agent and the Collateral Trustee in the amount specified in the Agent Fee Letter, for all services
rendered by each hereunder (which compensation shall not be limited by any provision of law in regard to the compensation of a trustee
or loan agent, as applicable, of an express trust), subject to and in accordance with the Indenture, including the Priority of Payments.
Such fees shall constitute Administrative Expenses and shall be payable solely from available funds in accordance with the Priority of
Payments (or in such other manner in which Administrative Expenses are payable under the Indenture).

ARTICLE III

LOANS
AND LENDER NOTES

Section 3.1 Borrowing
Procedure. Borrowings of Loans shall be made in accordance with this Section 3.1.

Section 3.1.1 Funding
of the Borrowing. (a) Upon receipt of confirmation from the Borrower (or its counsel on its behalf) that the conditions set
forth in Section 4.1 have been satisfied, each Lender shall make available its pro rata share (based on such Lenders
Percentage) of the Aggregate Commitments in the manner provided below. All such amounts shall be made available in Dollars, and in immediately
available funds to the Collateral Trustee for deposit pursuant to the Indenture.

(b) Nothing
herein shall be deemed to relieve any Lender from its obligation to fulfill its Commitments and other commitments hereunder or to prejudice
any rights which the Borrower may have against any Lender as a result of any default by such Lender hereunder.

Section 3.2 Lender
Notes. (a) On the Loan Date to the extent requested by any Lender, the Borrower shall (i) sign a Lender Note in the name
of such Lender in a maximum principal amount equal to such Lenders Percentage of the Aggregate Commitments, which such Lender
Notes shall be dated the Loan Date and substantially in the form of Exhibit A (a Lender Note) and (ii) deliver
such Lender Note to such Lender (with a copy to the Loan Agent). If requested by any Lender, the Borrower shall obtain a CUSIP or other
loan identification number that is customary for the nature of the Loans made hereunder. To the extent any Lender does not elect to receive
a Lender Note, the Registrar shall, upon instruction of the Borrower, deliver to such Lender a Confirmation of Registration in the form
of Exhibit D hereto.

3

(b) The
Borrower hereby irrevocably authorizes the Loan Agent to make (or cause to be made) appropriate notations on its internal records, which
notations shall evidence, inter alia, the date of, the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of, and the Interest Rate applicable to, the
Loans evidenced thereby. The notations on such internal records indicating the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Loans made by such
Lender shall be prima facie evidence (absent manifest error) of the principal amount thereof owing and unpaid, but the failure
to record any such amount, or any error therein, shall not limit or otherwise affect the obligations of the Borrower hereunder or under
any Lender Note to make payment of principal of or interest on such Loans when due. At any time (including to replace any Lender Note
that has been destroyed or lost) when any Lender requests the delivery of a new Lender Note to evidence any of its Loans, the Borrower
shall promptly execute and deliver to such Lender the Lender Note in the appropriate amount or amounts to evidence such Loans; provided,
for the avoidance of doubt, that, other than in the case of a substitute or replacement Lender Note to replace a Lender Note that has
been destroyed or lost, only one Lender Note shall be issued to any Lender and the Borrower shall not deliver a new Lender Note to any
requesting Lender until such Lender surrenders the Lender Note currently held by such Lender; provided, further, that, in
the case of a substitute or replacement Lender Note, the Borrower and the Loan Agent shall have received from such requesting Lender (i) evidence
to their reasonable satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of any Lender Note and (ii) there is delivered to the Borrower,
the Loan Agent, the Collateral Trustee and the Transfer Agent such security or indemnity as may be required by them to save each of them
harmless, then, in the absence of notice to the Borrower, the Loan Agent, the Collateral Trustee and/or such Transfer Agent that such
Lender Note has been acquired by a protected purchaser (within the meaning of Section 8-303 of the UCC), the Borrower
shall execute and, upon receipt of such executed Lender Note, the Collateral Trustee shall deliver to the Holder, in lieu of any such
mutilated, defaced, destroyed, lost or stolen Lender Note, the new Lender Note, of like tenor (including the same date of issuance) and
equal principal or face amount, registered in the same manner, dated the date of its issuance, bearing interest from the date to which
interest has been paid on the mutilated, defaced, destroyed, lost or stolen Lender Note; provided, further, that, in connection
with the Stated Maturity or Redemption Date of the Loans, each Lender shall surrender the Lender Notes to the Borrower for payment of
the Redemption Price or final payment of principal of such Loans in accordance with the Priority of Payments. Such surrender shall occur
either at the address specified herein for the Borrower.

If, after delivery of such
new Lender Note, a protected purchaser of the predecessor Lender Note presents for payment, transfer or exchange such predecessor Lender
Note, the Borrower, the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent and such Transfer Agent shall be entitled to recover such new Lender Note from
the Person to whom it was delivered or any Person taking therefrom, and shall be entitled to recover upon the security or indemnity provided
therefor to the extent of any loss, damage, cost or expense incurred by the Borrower, the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent and such
Transfer Agent in connection therewith.

4

In case any such mutilated,
defaced, destroyed, lost or stolen Lender Note has become due and payable, the Borrower in its discretion may, instead of issuing a new
Lender Note pay such Lender Note without requiring surrender thereof except that any mutilated or defaced Lender Note shall be surrendered.

Upon the issuance of any new
Note under this Section 3.2, the Borrower may require the payment by the Lender thereof of a sum sufficient to cover any tax
or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation thereto and any other expenses (including the fees and expenses of the Collateral
Trustee and the Loan Agent) connected therewith.

All Lender Notes surrendered
for payment, registration of transfer, conversion, exchange or redemption, or mutilated, defaced or deemed lost or stolen, shall be promptly
canceled by the Borrower and may not be reissued or resold. No Lender Note may be surrendered (including any surrender in connection with
any abandonment, donation, gift, contribution or other event or circumstance) except for payment as provided herein, or for registration
of transfer, exchange, conversion or redemption, or for replacement in connection with any Lender Note mutilated, defaced or deemed lost
or stolen. Any such Lender Note shall, if surrendered to any Person other than the Borrower, be delivered to the Borrower. All canceled
Lender Notes held by the Borrower shall be destroyed or held by the Borrower in accordance with its standard retention policy.

The provisions of this Section 3.2
are exclusive and shall preclude (to the extent lawful) all other rights and remedies with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated,
defaced, destroyed, lost or stolen Lender Notes.

Section 3.3 Principal
Payments.

Section 3.3.1 Repayments
and Prepayments. The Borrower shall make payments of unpaid principal of each Loan on each Payment Date to the extent provided in
the Priority of Payments and Article IX of the Indenture.

Section 3.3.2 Application.
Each repayment and prepayment of a Loan shall be subject to the terms of the Indenture (including the subordination provisions set forth
in Section 13.1 thereof and the Priority of Payments set forth in Section 11.1(a) thereof) and the requirement to pay Lenders
on a pro rata basis as set forth in Section 8.6. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Loans shall
comprise and be a part of the Class A-2 Debt and, as such, shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Indenture applicable
to the Class A-2 Debt, and shall have the rights afforded in the Indenture to the Class A-2 Debt (to the extent of the component
thereof consisting of the Loans).

Section 3.3.3 Mandatory
Prepayment. The Loans are subject to prepayment in connection with a mandatory redemption of the Debt as set forth in Section 9.1
of the Indenture (a Mandatory Prepayment).

Section 3.3.4 Special
Prepayment. The Loans are subject to prepayment in connection with a Special Redemption as set forth in Section 9.6 of the Indenture.

5

Section 3.3.5 Optional
Prepayment. The Loans are subject to prepayment in connection with an Optional Redemption as set forth in Section 9.2 of the
Indenture or a Tax Redemption as set forth in Section 9.3 of the Indenture.

Section 3.3.6 Prepayment
in Connection with Clean-Up Call Redemption of Notes. The Loans are subject to prepayment in connection with a Clean-Up Call Redemption
as set forth in Section 9.7 of the Indenture.

Section 3.3.7 Re-Pricing.
The Loans are subject to Re-Pricing as set forth in Section 9.8 of the Indenture.

Section 3.4 Interest.

Section 3.4.1 Interest
Rules and Calculations. (a) Interest on each Loan shall be payable in respect of each Loan, on each Payment Date and on
any date of prepayment or repayment of such Loan, commencing on the first Payment Date following the Loan Date in accordance with the
terms of the Indenture (including the subordination provisions set forth in Section 13.1 thereof and the Priority of Payments set
forth in Section 11.1(a) thereof). For each Loan, interest shall accrue during each Interest Accrual Period on the unpaid Aggregate
Outstanding Amount of such Loan on the first day of the applicable Interest Accrual Period (after giving effect to payments of principal
thereon on such date).

(b) Interest
due and payable shall be determined in accordance with Section 2.7 of the Indenture.

(c) The
Borrower shall make (or cause to be made) all payments of interest to the Loan Agent for the account of each Lender in accordance with
Section 3.5.

(d) The
Lenders hereby consent to the Borrowers appointment of the Collateral Administrator to serve as Calculation Agent under the Indenture.
All computations of interest due shall be made by the Calculation Agent in accordance with Section 8.7 hereof and subject
to and in accordance with Section 7.16 of the Indenture. The Borrower hereby agrees that for so long as any Loans remain Outstanding,
there will at all times be a Calculation Agent appointed under the Indenture to calculate SOFR (or after the designation of a Fallback
Rate, such Fallback Rate) in respect of the Debt.

(e) In
no event shall the rate of interest applicable to any Loan exceed the maximum rate permitted by applicable law.

(f) Upon
an assignment of Loans pursuant to Section 8.4, unless otherwise directed by the assignor Lender, the assigned Loans shall
trade without accrued interest and the Loan Agent shall, in accordance with the Priority of Payments on the Payment Date immediately succeeding
the date of assignment, disburse to (x) the assignor Lender, the interest accrued on such assigned Loan from and including the previous
Payment Date (or, in the case of the first Interest Accrual Period, the Closing Date) to but excluding such date of assignment and (y) the
assignee Lender, the interest accrued on such assigned Loan from and including such date of assignment to but excluding such Payment Date.

6

Section 3.5 Method
and Place of Payment. (a) To the extent funds are available pursuant to the Priority of Payments, all payments by the Borrower
of principal and interest in respect of Loans hereunder and all fees and all other Loans hereunder shall be made in accordance with Sections
2.7 and 11.1 of the Indenture. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, all payments under this Agreement shall be made to the
Loan Agent for the ratable (based on their applicable Percentages) account of the Lenders entitled thereto (which funds, if delivered
to the Loan Agent, the Loan Agent shall promptly forward to such Lenders), on the date when due and shall be made in immediately available
funds to the account with the wire instructions specified in Schedule 3 (or in the Assignment Agreement, as applicable). For the
avoidance of doubt, all payments by the Borrower of principal and interest in respect of Loans, or any other amounts owed to a Lender
hereunder, payable on a Payment Date shall be made to, subject to Section 3.4.1(f), the Lender of record.

Section 3.6 Subordination.

(a) Incorporation
of Subordination Provisions of the Indenture. All Loans incurred pursuant to this Agreement are subject to, and each Lender hereby
consents and agrees to, the subordination and remedy provisions set forth in Section 13.1 of the Indenture. Article XIII of
the Indenture shall be binding upon each Lender as though such sections (and the corresponding defined terms) had been set forth herein
in their entirety.

(b) Each
Lender hereby acknowledges and agrees that all of its Loans are subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Indenture
and shall be paid solely to the extent of available funds in accordance with the Priority of Payments. Each Lender hereby agrees and acknowledges
that its right to payment shall be subordinate and junior to any payments owed under Sections 11.1(a)(i)(A) and (B) of the Indenture
and, any applicable payments owed under Section 11.1(a)(ii)(A) of the Indenture senior to payments with respect to the Loans
and any payments owed under Sections 11.1(a)(iii)(A) and (B) of the Indenture (collectively, the Senior Items)
of the Indenture, as applicable. In the event that, notwithstanding the provisions of this Agreement and the Indenture, any Lender shall
have received any payment or distribution in respect of its Loans contrary to the provisions of the Indenture or this Agreement, then,
unless and until each Senior Item shall have been paid in full in Cash or, to the extent each recipient of such Senior Item consents,
such payment or distribution shall be received and held in trust for the benefit of, and shall forthwith be paid over and delivered to,
the Collateral Trustee, which shall pay and deliver the same in respect of the Senior Items in accordance with the Indenture; provided,
however, that if any such payment or distribution is made other than in Cash, it shall be held by the Collateral Trustee as part
of the Assets and subject in all respects to the provisions of the Indenture. Each Lender agrees with all recipients of Senior Items that
such Lender shall not demand, accept, or receive any payment or distribution in respect of its Loans in violation of the provisions of
the Indenture. Nothing in this Section 3.6(b) shall affect the obligation of the Borrower to pay the Lenders hereunder.

7

(c) Agents
Entitled to Assume Payment Not Prohibited in Absence of Notice. Each of the Agents shall not at any time be charged with knowledge
of the existence of any facts which would prohibit the making of any payment to or by such Agent unless and until such Agent has actual
knowledge thereof or unless and until such Agent shall have received and accepted (in its role as Agent) written notice thereof from the
Borrower (in the form of an Officers Certificate reasonably satisfactory to such Agent) or Persons representing themselves to be
other holders of obligations payable hereunder or under any Credit Document by the Borrower, and, prior to the receipt of any such written
notice, such Agent, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, shall be entitled in all respects conclusively to assume that no such
fact exists, and such Agent shall have no liability hereunder for any payment made, or action taken, by it without such knowledge or notice.

Section 3.7 Conversion.
(a) Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, upon delivery from a Converting Lender to the Collateral Trustee,
the Loan Agent, the Rating Agency and the Borrower of a notice substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto, a Converting
Lender may elect any Business Day (such Business Day, a "Conversion Date") upon which all or a portion of the Aggregate
Outstanding Amount of the Loans held by such Converting Lender shall be converted into Class A-2 Notes of an equal Aggregate Outstanding
Amount in accordance with Section 2.17 of the Indenture; provided that (i) each Conversion Date shall be no earlier than
the fifth Business Day following the date such notice is delivered (or such earlier date as may be reasonably agreed to by the Converting
Lender, the Collateral Trustee, the Portfolio Manager and the Loan Agent) and (ii) there will be no Conversion Date between the Record
Date or a Determination Date (whichever is earlier) and the Payment Date. On each Conversion Date, the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of
the Class A-2 Notes shall be increased by the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Loans so converted; provided, that each
such conversion shall be in an amount equal to or greater than U.S.$250,000. The Loans so converted will cease to be Outstanding and will
be deemed to have been repaid in full for all purposes under the Indenture and under this Agreement. No Class A-2 Notes may be converted
into Loans.

(b) The
Lenders agree to provide reasonable assistance to the Collateral Trustee and the Loan Agent in connection with such conversion, including,
but not limited to, providing applicable instructions to DTC, the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent and the Note Registrar or Loan Registrar,
as applicable.

(c) Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, each Lender may elect, in its sole discretion, to exercise the Conversion Option concurrently with an
assignment of all or a portion of its Loans (an "Assignment/Conversion") such that the Effective Date (as defined in
the Assignment Agreement attached as Exhibit B hereto) of the assignment occurs on the related Conversion Date and the assignee
receives Class A-2 Notes (or an interest therein) in lieu of the portion of the Loans being assigned. Any assignment made in connection
with an Assignment/Conversion shall meet the requirements for an assignment set forth in Section 8.4. Any Lender electing
to make an Assignment/Conversion shall deliver to the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent and the Borrower at least five Business Days
prior to the Conversion Date, (w) an executed Assignment Agreement, (x) a completed notice substantially in the form of Exhibit C
hereto, (y) the assignment fee required to be paid pursuant to Section 8.4(c) hereof and (z) a written certification
from the assignee substantially in the form of Exhibit B-1 to the Indenture or Exhibit B-3 to the Indenture, as applicable.

8

Section 3.8 Additional
Loans. On any Business Day, the Borrower may, in accordance with Section 2.13 of the Indenture and in connection with an additional
issuance pursuant thereto, incur additional Loans hereunder (any such Loans, Additional Loans). The incurrence of
Additional Loans under this Agreement shall be subject to (i) satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 2.13 of the
Indenture and (ii) the execution and delivery of an amendment to this Agreement in accordance with Section 8.12 that
reflects the incurrence of such Additional Loans and the terms thereof, which amendment will be acknowledged by the Loan Agent and the
Collateral Trustee. If a Person that was not previously a party to this Agreement extends any such Additional Loan, it will be required
to be made a party to this Agreement by executing such amendment and adding such Person as a Lender.

ARTICLE IV

CONDITIONS
TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS

Section 4.1 Loan
Date. The obligations of the Lenders to make Loans on the Loan Date shall not become effective until the date on which all conditions
precedent to the issuance of the Notes set forth in Section 3.1 of the Indenture have been satisfied.

ARTICLE V

REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, AND COVENANTS

Section 5.1 Payment
of Principal and Interest. The Borrower shall duly and punctually pay the principal of and interest on the Debt, in accordance with
the terms of this Agreement and the Indenture pursuant to the Priority of Payments.

Amounts properly withheld
under the Code or other applicable law by any Person from a payment to any Lender shall be considered as having been paid by the Borrower
to such Lender for all purposes of this Agreement.

Section 5.2 Maintenance
of Office or Agency. The Borrower hereby appoints the Bank as the Loan Agent and as a paying agent for payments on the Loans and
the Loan Agent to maintain the register as set forth in Section 8.16. The Borrower hereby appoints Vcorp Agent Services, Inc.
as its agent upon whom process or demands may be served in any action arising out of or based on this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby.

The Borrower may at any time
and from time to time vary or terminate the appointment of any such agent or appoint any additional agents for any or all of such purposes;
provided, however, that the Borrower will maintain in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, an office or agency
where notices and demands to or upon the Borrower in respect of the Notes, the Loans and this Agreement may be served. The Borrower shall
give prompt written notice to the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent, the Rating Agency and the Lenders of the appointment or termination
of any such agent and of the location and any change in the location of any such office or agency.

If at any time the Borrower
shall fail to maintain any such required office or agency in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York or shall fail to furnish
the Collateral Trustee or the Loan Agent with the address thereof, presentations and surrenders may be made (subject to the limitations
described in the preceding paragraph) at and notices and demands may be served on the Borrower by mailing a copy thereof by registered
or certified mail or by overnight courier, postage prepaid, to the Borrower at its address specified in Section 14.3 of the Indenture
for notices.

9

Section 5.3 Money
for Loan Payments. All payments of amounts due and payable with respect to any Loans that are to be made from amounts withdrawn by
the Collateral Trustee from the Payment Account shall be made on behalf of the Borrower by the Loan Agent with respect to payments on
the Loans.

Section 5.4 Existence
of Borrower. The Borrower shall comply with the provisions of Section 7.4 of the Indenture with respect to the existence of
the Borrower and the provisions of Section 7.4 of the Indenture are incorporated by reference mutatis mutandis.

Section 5.5 Protection
of Assets. The Borrower shall comply with (and the Borrower shall cause the Portfolio Manager to comply with) the provisions of Section 7.5
of the Indenture with respect to the protection of the Assets and the provisions of Section 7.5 of the Indenture are incorporated
by reference mutatis mutandis.

Section 5.6 Opinions
as to Assets. The Borrower shall comply with the provisions of Section 7.6 of the Indenture with respect to the opinions as
to the Assets and the provisions of Section 7.6 of the Indenture are incorporated by reference mutatis mutandis.

Section 5.7 Performance
of Obligations. The Borrower shall not take any action, and shall use its best efforts not to permit any action to be taken by others,
that would release any Person from any of such Persons covenants or obligations under any instrument included in the Assets, except
in the case of enforcement action taken with respect to any Defaulted Obligation in accordance with the provisions hereof and actions
by the Portfolio Manager under the Portfolio Management Agreement and in conformity with this Agreement and the Indenture or as otherwise
required by the Indenture or hereby.

Section 5.8 Negative
Covenants. The Borrower shall, from the Closing Date through the date on which no Loans are Outstanding, comply with its obligations
under Article VII of the Indenture, including by not taking any action prohibited by Section 7.8 of the Indenture.

Section 5.9 Statement
as to Compliance. On or before December 18th of each year commencing in 2025, or promptly after a Responsible Officer
of the Borrower becomes aware thereof if there has been a Default under the Indenture and prior to the issuance of any additional Debt
pursuant to the Indenture, the Borrower shall deliver to the Collateral Trustee (to be forwarded by the Collateral Trustee, to the Portfolio
Manager, the Loan Agent (for each Lender making a written request therefor) and the Rating Agency) an Officers Certificate of
the Borrower that, having made reasonable inquiries of the Portfolio Manager, and to the best of the knowledge, information and belief
of the Borrower, there did not exist, as at a date not more than five days prior to the date of the certificate, nor had there existed
at any time prior thereto since the date of the last certificate (if any), any Default under the Indenture or, if such Default did then
exist or had existed, specifying the same and the nature and status thereof, including actions undertaken to remedy the same, and that
the Borrower has complied with all of its obligations under this Agreement and the Indenture or, if such is not the case, specifying
those obligations with which it has not complied.

10

Section 5.10 Successor
Substituted. Upon any consolidation or merger, or transfer or conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower
in accordance with Section 7.10 of the Indenture in which the Merging Entity is not the surviving entity, the Successor Entity shall
succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Merging Entity under the Indenture with the same effect
as if such Person had been named as the Borrower and the Successor Entity shall deliver to the Loan Agent the Officers Certificate
and Opinion of Counsel required by Section 7.10(d) of the Indenture. In the event of any such consolidation, merger, transfer
or conveyance, the Person named as the Borrower in this Agreement or any successor which shall theretofore have become
such in the manner prescribed in Article VII of the Indenture may be dissolved, wound up and liquidated at any time thereafter,
and such Person thereafter shall be released, without further action by any Person, from its liabilities as obligor and maker on all
the Loans and from its obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party.

Section 5.11 No
Other Business. The Borrower shall comply with the provisions of Section 7.12 of the Indenture with respect to the business
of the Borrower and the provisions of Section 7.12 of the Indenture are incorporated by reference mutatis mutandis.

Section 5.12 Annual
Rating Review. The Borrower shall comply with the provisions of Section 7.14 of the Indenture with respect to (i) the annual
rating review of the Debt as set forth in clause (a) thereof and (ii) the annual review of Collateral Obligations and middle
market loans as set forth in clause (b) thereof, and the provisions of Section 7.14 of the Indenture are incorporated by reference
mutatis mutandis.

Section 5.13 Calculation
Agent. The Borrower shall comply with the provisions of Section 7.16 of the Indenture with respect to the Calculation Agent
and the provisions of Section 7.16 of the Indenture are incorporated by reference mutatis mutandis.

Section 5.14 Certain
Tax Matters. The Borrower and the Lenders shall be required to comply with the provisions of Section 7.17 of the Indenture,
provided that references to Issuer and Holder shall be read to mean Borrower and Lender,
respectively, and the provisions of Section 7.17 of the Indenture are hereby incorporated by reference mutatis mutandis.

Section 5.15 Representations
Relating to Security Interests in the Assets. (a) The Borrower hereby represents and warrants that, as of the Closing Date (which
representations and warranties shall survive the execution of this Agreement and be deemed to be repeated on each date on which an Asset
is Granted to the Collateral Trustee under the Indenture), with respect to the Assets:

(i) The
Borrower owns such Asset free and clear of any lien, claim or encumbrance of any Person, other than such as are being released on the
Closing Date contemporaneously with the sale or the incurrence of the Debt on the Closing Date or on the related Cut-Off Date contemporaneously
with the purchase of such Asset on the Cut-Off Date, created under, or permitted by, the Indenture and any other Permitted Liens.

(ii) Other
than the security interest Granted to the Collateral Trustee for the benefit of the Secured Parties pursuant to the Indenture, except
as permitted by the Indenture, the Borrower has not pledged, assigned, sold, granted a security interest in, or otherwise conveyed any
of the Assets. The Borrower has not authorized the filing of and is not aware of any Financing Statements against the Borrower that include
a description of collateral covering the Assets other than any Financing Statement relating to the security interest Granted to the Collateral
Trustee under the Indenture or that has been terminated; the Borrower is not aware of any judgment, PBGC liens or tax lien filings against
the Borrower.

11

(iii) All
Assets constitute Cash, accounts (as defined in Section 9-102(a)(2) of the UCC), Instruments, general intangibles (as defined
in Section 9-102(a)(42) of the UCC), uncertificated securities (as defined in Section 8-102(a)(18) of the UCC), Certificated
Securities or security entitlements to financial assets resulting from the crediting of financial assets to a securities account
(as defined in Section 8-501(a) of the UCC).

(iv) All
Accounts constitute securities accounts under Section 8-501(a) of the UCC.

(v) The
Indenture creates a valid and continuing security interest (as defined in Section 1-201(37) of the UCC) in such Assets in favor of
the Collateral Trustee, for the benefit and security of the Secured Parties, which security interest is prior to all other liens, claims
and encumbrances (except as permitted otherwise in the Indenture), and is enforceable as such against creditors of and purchasers from
the Borrower.

(b) The
Borrower hereby represents and warrants that, as of the Closing Date (which representations and warranties shall survive the execution
of this Agreement and be deemed to be repeated on each date on which an Asset is Granted to the Collateral Trustee under the Indenture),
with respect to Assets that constitute Instruments:

(i) Either
(x) the Borrower has caused or shall have caused, within ten days after the Closing Date, the filing of all appropriate Financing
Statements in the proper office in the appropriate jurisdictions under applicable law in order to perfect the security interest in the
Instruments Granted to the Collateral Trustee, for the benefit and security of the Secured Parties or (y)(A) all original executed
copies of each promissory note or mortgage note that constitutes or evidences the Instruments have been delivered to the Collateral Trustee
or the Borrower has received written acknowledgement from a custodian that such custodian is holding the mortgage notes or promissory
notes that constitute evidence of the Instruments solely on behalf of the Collateral Trustee and for the benefit of the Secured Parties
and (B) none of the Instruments that constitute or evidence the Assets has any marks or notations indicating that they have been
pledged, assigned or otherwise conveyed to any Person other than the Collateral Trustee, for the benefit of the Secured Parties.

(ii) The
Borrower has received all consents and approvals required by the terms of the Assets to the pledge under the Indenture to the Collateral
Trustee of its interest and rights in the Assets.

12

(c) The
Borrower hereby represents and warrants that, as of the Closing Date (which representations and warranties shall survive the execution
of the Indenture and be deemed to be repeated on each date on which an Asset is Granted to the Collateral Trustee under the Indenture),
with respect to the Assets that constitute Security Entitlements:

(i) All
of such Assets have been and will have been credited to one of the Accounts which are securities accounts within the meaning of Section 8-501(a) of
the UCC. The Securities Intermediary for each Account has agreed to treat all assets credited to such Accounts as financial assets
within the meaning of Section 8-102(a)(9) the UCC.

(ii) The
Borrower has received all consents and approvals required by the terms of the Assets to the pledge under the Indenture to the Collateral
Trustee of its interest and rights in the Assets.

(iii) (x) The
Borrower has caused or shall have caused, within ten days after the Closing Date, the filing of all appropriate Financing Statements in
the proper office in the appropriate jurisdictions under applicable law in order to perfect the security interest granted to the Collateral
Trustee, for the benefit and security of the Secured Parties under the Indenture and (y)(A) the Borrower has delivered to the Collateral
Trustee a fully executed Securities Account Control Agreement pursuant to which the Custodian has agreed to comply with all instructions
and Entitlement Orders originated by the Collateral Trustee relating to the Accounts without further consent by the Borrower or (B) the
Borrower has taken all steps necessary to cause the Custodian to identify in its records the Collateral Trustee as the Person having a
security entitlement against the Custodian in each of the Accounts.

(iv) The
Accounts are not in the name of any Person other than the Borrower or the Collateral Trustee. The Borrower has not consented to the Custodian
complying with the Entitlement Order of any Person other than the Collateral Trustee (and the Borrower prior to a notice of exclusive
control being provided by the Collateral Trustee, which notice the Collateral Trustee agrees it shall not deliver except after the occurrence
and during the continuance of an Event of Default).

(d) The
Borrower hereby represents and warrants that, as of the Closing Date (which representations and warranties shall survive the execution
of this Agreement and be deemed to be repeated on each date on which an Asset is Granted to the Collateral Trustee under the Indenture),
with respect to Assets that constitute general intangibles:

(i) The
Borrower has caused or shall have caused, within ten days of the Closing Date, the filing of all appropriate Financing Statements in the
proper filing office in the appropriate jurisdictions under applicable law in order to perfect the security interest in the Assets granted
to the Collateral Trustee, for the benefit and security of the Secured Parties.

(ii) The
Borrower has received, or shall receive, all consents and approvals required by the terms of the Assets to the pledge under the Indenture
to the Collateral Trustee of its interest and rights in the Assets.

(e) The
Borrower agrees to notify the Portfolio Manager and Rating Agency promptly if it becomes aware of the breach of any of the representation
and warranties contained in the Section 5.15 and shall not, without satisfaction of the S&P Rating Condition, waive any
of the representation and warranties in this Section 5.15 or any breach thereof.

13

ARTICLE VI

EVENTS
OF DEFAULT

Section 6.1 Default
and Events of Default. Default or Event of Default, wherever used herein, means any Default
or Event of Default, respectively, under the Indenture.

Section 6.2 Acceleration.
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default and the acceleration of the Borrowers obligations under the Indenture pursuant to the
terms of Section 5.2 of the Indenture, the unpaid principal amount of the Loans, together with the interest accrued thereon and
all other amounts payable by the Borrower hereunder in respect of the Loans, shall automatically become immediately due and payable by
the Borrower hereunder without any declaration or other act on the part of the Collateral Trustee or any Lender, subject to and in accordance
with the applicable provisions of the Indenture; provided that upon the rescission or annulment of an acceleration under the Indenture
in accordance with the terms of Section 5.2 thereof, any such acceleration shall automatically be rescinded and annulled for all
purposes hereunder; provided, however, that, no such action shall affect any subsequent Default or Event of Default or
impair any right consequent thereon.

Section 6.3 Remedies.
Remedies for an Event of Default are granted to the Collateral Trustee for the benefit of the Secured Parties under the Indenture. Each
of the Lenders agrees and acknowledges that the remedies for an Event of Default hereunder are governed by, and subject to the terms
and conditions of, the Indenture and other Credit Documents.

ARTICLE VII

THE
AGENTS

Section 7.1 Appointment.
The Lenders hereby designate (i) the Bank to act as Collateral Trustee as specified in the Indenture and in the other Collateral
Documents and (ii) the Bank to act as Loan Agent as specified herein. By becoming a party to this Agreement, each Lender hereby
irrevocably authorizes the Loan Agent and the Collateral Trustee (together, the Agents) to take such action under
the provisions of this Agreement, the other Credit Documents and any other instruments and agreements referred to herein or therein and
to exercise such powers and to perform such duties hereunder and thereunder as are specifically delegated to or required of the Agents
by the terms hereof and thereof and such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The Agents may perform any of their duties
hereunder or under the other Credit Documents by or through their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or affiliates. For
the avoidance of doubt, the Collateral Trustee and Loan Agent hereby agree to forward or make available any notices that it receives
to the appropriate parties so required by the Indenture and this Agreement, respectively. The Loan Agent is hereby authorized and directed
to enter into this Agreement and perform and observe its obligations under the Collateral Documents to which it is a party.

14

Section 7.2 Nature
of Duties. The Agents shall not have any duties or responsibilities except those expressly set forth in this Agreement and the other
Collateral Documents. None of the Agents or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or affiliates shall be liable for
any action taken or omitted by it or them hereunder or under any other Credit Document or in connection herewith or therewith, unless
caused by its or their gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith. The duties of the Agents shall be mechanical and administrative
in nature; the Agents shall not have by reason of this Agreement or any other Credit Document a fiduciary relationship in respect of
any Lender; and nothing in this Agreement or any other Credit Document, expressed or implied, is intended to or shall be so construed
as to impose upon the Agents any obligations in respect of this Agreement or any other Credit Document except as expressly set forth
herein or therein. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that the Loan Agent shall not have the right or obligation to exercise any remedial
right or power with respect to the Assets.

Section 7.3 Lack
of Reliance on the Agents. Independently and without reliance upon the Agents, each Lender, to the extent it deems appropriate, has
made and shall continue to make (i) its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs of the Borrower in
connection with the making and the continuance of the Loans and the taking or not taking of any action in connection herewith and (ii) its
own appraisal of the creditworthiness of the Borrower and, except as expressly provided in this Agreement and the other Credit Documents,
the Agents shall not have any duty or responsibility, either initially or on a continuing basis, to provide any Lender with any credit
or other information with respect thereto, whether coming into its possession before the making of the Loans or at any time or times
thereafter. The Agents shall not be responsible to any Lender for any recitals, statements, information, representations or warranties
herein or in any document, certificate or other writing delivered in connection herewith or for the execution, effectiveness, genuineness,
validity, enforceability, perfection, collectability, priority or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Credit Document or the financial
condition of the Borrower or be required to make any inquiry concerning either the performance or observance of any of the terms, provisions
or conditions of this Agreement or any other Credit Document, or the satisfaction of any of the conditions precedent set forth in Article IV
or the financial condition of the Borrower or the existence or possible existence of any Default.

Section 7.4 Certain
Rights of the Agents. (a) The Agents may conclusively rely and shall be fully protected in acting or refraining from acting
upon any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, note or other paper
or document believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties. Without limiting the provisions
hereof, the Agents shall be entitled to the rights, benefits, immunities, indemnities and protections of the Collateral Trustee as set
forth in Article VI of the Indenture as if such rights, benefits, immunities, indemnities and protections were fully set forth herein;
provided that such rights, protections, immunities, indemnities and benefits shall be in addition to any rights, protections and
benefits afforded to the Agents under this Agreement; provided, further, that the foregoing shall not be construed to impose upon
the Agents any of the duties or standards of care (including, without limitation, any duties of a prudent person) of the Collateral Trustee.
Any request or direction of the Borrower mentioned herein may be sufficiently evidenced by an Issuer Order.

15

(b) Whenever
in the administration of this Agreement or the Indenture the Agents shall (i) deem it desirable that a matter be proved or established
prior to taking, suffering or omitting any action hereunder, the Agents (unless other evidence be herein specifically prescribed) may,
in the absence of bad faith on its part, rely upon an Officers Certificate or Issuer Order or (ii) be required to determine
the value of any Assets or funds hereunder or the cash flows projected to be received therefrom, the Agents may, in the absence of bad
faith on its part, rely on reports of nationally recognized accountants, investment bankers or other Persons qualified to provide the
information required to make such determination, including nationally recognized dealers in Assets of the type being valued, securities
quotation services, loan pricing services and loan valuation agents.

(c) As
a condition to the taking or omitting of any action by it hereunder, the Agents may consult with counsel and the advice of such counsel
or any Opinion of Counsel shall be full and complete authorization and protection in respect of any action taken or omitted by it hereunder
in good faith and in reliance thereon.

(d) The
Agents shall be under no obligation to exercise or to honor any of the rights or powers vested in it by this Agreement at the request
or direction of any Lenders pursuant to this Agreement and the Indenture, unless such Lenders shall have offered to the Agents security
or indemnity reasonably satisfactory to the Agents against the costs, expenses (including reasonable fees and expenses of agents, experts
and attorneys) and liabilities which might reasonably be incurred by it in compliance with such request or direction. The Loan Agent shall
in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement or any other Credit Document in accordance
with a request or consent of the Majority of the Lenders (or such other percentage of the Lenders expressly specified in this Agreement
or such Credit Document with respect to a particular matter) given in accordance with this Agreement or any other Credit Document and
such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all of the Lenders.

(e) The
Agents shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument,
opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, note or other paper, electronic communication or document, but each Agent,
in its discretion, may, and upon the written direction of a Majority of the Controlling Class or of the Rating Agency shall (subject
to the right hereunder to be reasonably satisfactorily indemnified for associated expense (including the reasonable fees and expenses
of agents and counsel) and liability), make such further inquiry or investigation into such facts or matters as it may see fit or as it
shall be directed, and the Agents shall be entitled, on reasonable prior notice to the Borrower and the Portfolio Manager, to examine
the books and records relating to the Loans, the Notes and the Assets, personally or by agent or attorney, during the Borrowers
or the Portfolio Managers normal business hours; provided that the Agents shall, and shall cause their respective agents
to, hold in confidence all such information, except (A) to the extent disclosure may be required by law or by any regulatory, administrative
or Governmental Authority, (B) as otherwise required pursuant to this Agreement or (C) to the extent that the Agent, in its
sole discretion, may determine that such disclosure is consistent with its obligations hereunder; provided, further, that each
Agent may disclose on a confidential basis any such information to its agents, attorneys and auditors in connection with the performance
of its responsibilities hereunder or under the Indenture.

16

(f) The
Agents may execute any of the rights, privileges or powers hereunder or perform any duties hereunder either directly or by or through
agents or attorneys; provided that neither of the Agents shall be responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the part of any
such agent appointed or attorney appointed with due care.

(g) Neither
of the Agents shall be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith that it reasonably believes to be authorized or within
its rights or powers hereunder, including actions or omissions to act at the direction of the Portfolio Manager.

(h) Any
permissive rights of the Agents to take or refrain from taking actions enumerated in this Agreement or the Indenture shall not be construed
as a duty and the Agents shall not be answerable for other than their respective gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith.

(i) Nothing
herein shall be construed to impose an obligation on the part of the Agents to monitor, recalculate, evaluate or verify or independently
determine the accuracy of any report, certificate or information received from the Borrower or Portfolio Manager (unless and except to
the extent otherwise expressly set forth herein) and all calculations made by the Agents in their respective roles hereunder shall (in
the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on all parties.

(j) The
Agents shall not be liable for the actions or omissions of, or any inaccuracies in the records of, any non-Affiliated custodian, transfer
agent, paying agent or calculation agent (other than itself in such capacities), DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream or any other clearing agency
or depository, and without limiting the foregoing, the Agents shall not be under any obligation to monitor, evaluate, or verify compliance
by the Portfolio Manager with the terms hereof or of the Indenture or the Portfolio Management Agreement, or to verify or independently
determine the accuracy of information received by the Agents from the Portfolio Manager (or from any selling institution, agent bank,
trustee or similar source) with respect to the Assets.

(k) To
the extent permitted by applicable law, the Agents shall not be required to give any bond or surety in respect of the execution of this
Agreement or the Indenture or otherwise.

(l) In
making or disposing of any investment permitted by this Agreement or the Indenture, each of the Agents is authorized to deal with itself
(in its individual capacity) or with any one or more of its Affiliates, in each case on an arms-length basis, whether it or such
Affiliate is acting as a sub-agent of the Agent or for any third Person or dealing as principal for its own account. If otherwise qualified,
obligations of the Bank or any of its Affiliates shall qualify as Eligible Investments under the Indenture.

(m) The
Agents shall not be responsible for delays or failures in performance resulting from circumstances beyond its control (such circumstances
include but are not limited to acts of God, strikes, lockouts, riots, acts of war and interruptions, losses or malfunctions of utilities,
computer (hardware or software) or communications services).

17

(n) No
provision of this Agreement or any other Credit Document shall require either of the Agents to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise
incur any financial or other liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder, or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers
contemplated hereunder, if it shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity satisfactory
to it against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it unless such risk or liability relates to the performance
of its ordinary incidental services, including mailing of notices under this Agreement.

(o) To
the extent any defined term hereunder, or any calculation required to be made or determined by the Agents hereunder, is dependent upon
or defined by reference to GAAP, the Agents shall be entitled to request and receive (and conclusively rely upon) instruction from the
Borrower or the accountants identified in the Accountants Certificate (and in the absence of its receipt of timely instruction
therefrom, shall be entitled to obtain from an Independent accountant at the expense of the Borrower) as to the application of GAAP in
such connection, in any instance.

(p) The
Agents or their Affiliates are permitted to receive additional compensation that could be deemed to be in the Agents economic self-interest
for (i) serving as investment adviser, administrator, shareholder, servicing agent, custodian or sub-custodian with respect to certain
of the Eligible Investments, (ii) using Affiliates to effect transactions in certain Eligible Investments and (iii) effecting
transactions in certain Eligible Investments. Such compensation is not payable or reimbursable under the Indenture or this Agreement.

(q) The
Agents shall not be deemed to have notice or knowledge of any matter unless a Responsible Officer has actual knowledge thereof or unless
written notice thereof is received by a Responsible Officer at the Corporate Trust Office and such notice references the Loans generally,
the Borrower or this Agreement. Whenever reference is made in this Agreement to a Default or an Event of Default such reference shall,
insofar as determining any liability on the part of the Agents is concerned, be construed to refer only to a Default or an Event of Default
of which the applicable Agent is deemed to have knowledge in accordance with this paragraph.

(r) Neither
Agent shall have any liability for the acts or omissions of the Portfolio Manager, the Collateral Administrator, the Borrower, any Paying
Agent (if such Person is not an Agent) or any Authenticating Agent (if such Person is not an Agent) appointed under or pursuant to this
Agreement or the other Credit Documents.

(s) No
Agent shall be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by an Agent, unless it shall be proven that such Agent was grossly
negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts.

(t) The
Agents shall not be liable with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in accordance with the direction
of the Borrower, the Lenders or the Portfolio Manager.

(u) To
help fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, the Agents shall obtain, verify, and record information that
identifies individuals or entities that establish a relationship or open an account with the Agents. The Agents shall ask for the
name, address, tax identification number and other information that shall allow the Agents to identify the individual or entity
who is establishing the relationship or opening the account. The Agents may also ask for formation documents such as articles of
incorporation, an offering memorandum or other identifying documents to be provided.

18

(v) Notwithstanding
any term hereof (or any term of the UCC that might otherwise be construed to be applicable to a securities intermediary
as defined in the UCC) to the contrary, the Loan Agent shall not be under a duty or obligation in connection with the acquisition
or Grant by the Borrower to the Collateral Trustee of any item constituting the Assets, or to evaluate the sufficiency of the documents
or instruments delivered to it by or on behalf of the Borrower in connection with its Grant or otherwise, or in that regard to examine
any Underlying Document, in each case, in order to determine compliance with applicable requirements of and restrictions on
transfer in respect of such Assets.

(w) The
Agents shall not be (i) bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement,
instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, note, electronic communication or other documents or (ii) responsible
or liable for the preparation, filing, continuation or correctness of financing statements or the validity or perfection of any lien
or security interest.

Section 7.5 Not
Responsible for Recitals, Incurrence of Loans or Issuance of Notes. The recitals contained herein, shall be taken as the statements
of the Borrower and the Agents assume no responsibility for their correctness. The Agents make no representation as to the validity or
sufficiency of this Agreement or the Indenture (except as may be made with respect to the validity of the Agents obligations hereunder),
the Assets, the Loans or the Notes. The Agents shall not be accountable for the use or application by the Borrower of the Loans or the
Notes or the proceeds thereof or any amounts paid to the Borrower pursuant to the provisions hereof.

Section 7.6 May Hold
Loans or Notes. The Agents or any other agent of the Borrower, in their individual or any other capacities, may become the owner
or pledgee of a Loan or a Note and may otherwise deal with the Borrower or any of its Affiliates with the same rights it would have if
it were not an agent.

Section 7.7 Holders
of Lender Notes; Transferee of Assignment Agreement. (a) The Agents may deem and treat the Person in whose name such Loan is
registered on the Register as described in Section 8.16 as the owner thereof for all purposes hereof unless and until a written
notice of the assignment, transfer or endorsement thereof, as the case may be, shall have been filed with the Agents and the requirements
set forth in Section 8.16 have been satisfied. Any request, authority or consent of any Person who, at the time of making
such request or giving such authority or consent, is the Holder of any Lender Note (or the registered Holder of a Loan in the form of
a Confirmation of Registration) shall be conclusive and binding on any subsequent holder, transferee, assignee or indorsee, as the case
may be, of such Lender Note (or Confirmation of Registration) or of any Lender Note or Lender Notes (or Confirmation of Registration).

(b) The
Agents may deem and treat the transferee of a properly executed and delivered Assignment Agreement pursuant to Section 8.4(b) whose
name is recorded in the Register as set forth in Section 8.16 as a Lender under this Agreement with all of the same rights
and obligations as a Holder of a Lender Note, whether or not such Lender requests a Lender Note pursuant to Section 3.2,
for all purposes hereof unless and until the Agents receive and accept a subsequent Assignment Agreement properly executed and delivered
pursuant to Section 8.4(b).

19

Section 7.8 Compensation
and Reimbursement. (a) The Borrower agrees:

(i) to
pay each of the Loan Agent and the Collateral Trustee on each Payment Date, in accordance with the Priority of Payments, reasonable compensation
for all services rendered by it hereunder as set forth in Section 2.2 hereof;

(ii) except
as otherwise expressly provided herein and subject to the Priority of Payments, to reimburse each of the Agents (subject to any written
agreement between the Borrower and the applicable Agent) in a timely manner upon its request for all reasonable expenses, disbursements
and advances incurred or made by such Agent in accordance with any provision of this Agreement or other Transaction Document (including,
without limitation, securities transaction charges and the reasonable compensation and expenses and disbursements of its agents and legal
counsel and of any accounting firm or investment banking firm employed by the Agents pursuant to this Agreement or the Indenture, except
any such expense, disbursement or advance as may be attributable to the applicable Agents gross negligence, willful misconduct
or bad faith) but with respect to securities transaction charges, only to the extent any such charges have not been waived during a Collection
Period due to the Agents receipt of a payment from a financial institution with respect to certain Eligible Investments, as specified
by the Portfolio Manager in writing; and

(iii) to
indemnify each of the Agents and its respective officers, directors, employees and agents for, and to hold them harmless against, any
loss, liability or expense (including reasonable fees and expenses of agents and attorneys) incurred without gross negligence, willful
misconduct or bad faith on their part, arising out of or in connection with acting or serving as an Agent hereunder, including the costs
and expenses of defending themselves (including reasonable fees and costs of agents and attorneys) against any claim (whether brought
by or involving the Borrower or any third party) or liability in connection with the administration, exercise or performance of any of
their powers or duties hereunder and any other agreement or instrument related hereto and of enforcing this Agreement and any indemnification
rights hereunder.

This Section 7.8
shall survive the termination of this Agreement or the removal or resignation of the applicable Agent.

(b) The
Agents hereby agree not to cause the filing of a petition in bankruptcy against the Borrower or any Equity Holder Subsidiary for the non-payment
to the Agents of any amounts provided by this Section 7.8 until at least one year and one day, or, if longer, the applicable
preference period then in effect, plus one day, after the payment in full of all Debt issued under the Indenture and incurred under
this Agreement. Nothing in this Section 7.8 shall preclude, or be deemed to stop, the Agents (i) from taking any action
prior to the expiration of the aforementioned period in (A) any case or Proceeding voluntarily filed or commenced by the Borrower
or any Equity Holder Subsidiary or (B) any involuntary insolvency Proceeding filed or commenced by a Person other than the applicable
Agent, or (ii) from commencing against the Borrower, any Equity Holder Subsidiary or any of their properties any legal action which
is not a bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, moratorium or liquidation Proceeding. This Section 7.8(b) shall
survive the termination of this Agreement or the removal or resignation of the applicable Agent.

20

(c) Each
of the Agents acknowledges that all payments payable to it under this Agreement shall be subject to the Priority of Payments in the Indenture
and payable as Administrative Expenses. If, on any date when any amount shall be payable to the Agents pursuant to this Agreement, insufficient
funds are available for the payment thereof, any portion of a fee or expense not so paid shall be deferred and payable on such later date
on which a fee or expense shall be payable and sufficient funds are available. Following realization of the Assets and distribution of
proceeds in the manner provided in the Priority of Payments in the Indenture, any obligations of the Borrower and any claims of the Agents
against the Borrower shall be extinguished and shall not thereafter revive. This Section 7.8(c) shall survive the termination
of this Agreement or the removal or resignation or the applicable Agent.

(d) In
no event shall the Agents be liable for special, indirect, punitive or consequential loss or damage (including but not limited to lost
profits or diminution in value) even if the Agents have been advised of the likelihood of such damages and regardless of the form of action.

(e) The
Borrowers payment obligations to each of the Agents under this Section 7.8 shall be secured by the lien of the Indenture,
and shall survive the termination of this Agreement, and the resignation or removal of such Agent, as applicable. When either Agent incurs
expenses after the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default under Section 5.1(f) or Section 5.1(g) of the Indenture,
the expenses are intended to constitute expenses of administration under the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable federal or state
bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law.

Section 7.9 Agents
Required; Eligibility. There shall at all times be Agents hereunder which shall be organizations or entities organized and doing
business under the laws of the United States of America or of any state thereof, each having a combined capital and surplus of at least
$200,000,000 and meeting the eligibility criteria specified in Section 6.8 of the Indenture. If at any time either Agent shall cease
to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of this Section 7.9, it shall resign immediately in the manner and with
the effect hereinafter specified in this Article VII.

Section 7.10 Resignation
and Removal of Agents; Appointment of Successor Agents. (a) No resignation or removal of either of the Agents and no appointment
of a successor agent with respect to the applicable Agent (the Successor Agent) pursuant to this Article shall
become effective until the acceptance of appointment by the Successor Agent under Section 7.11. The indemnification in favor
of the Agents in Section 7.8 hereof shall survive any resignation or removal (to the extent of any indemnified liabilities,
costs, expenses and other amounts arising or incurred prior to, or arising out of actions or omissions occurring prior to such resignation
or removal).

21

(b) Subject
to and in accordance with Section 6.9 of the Indenture, the Loan Agent may resign at any time by giving not less than 30 days written
notice thereof to the Borrower, the Portfolio Manager, each Lender and the Rating Agency. If the Loan Agent shall resign, be removed or
become incapable of acting, or if a vacancy shall occur in the office of the Loan Agent for any reason, the Borrower shall promptly appoint
a Successor Agent by Issuer Order, one copy of which shall be delivered to each of the Agents, the Successor Agent, each Lender and the
Portfolio Manager; provided that such Successor Agent shall be appointed only upon the Act of a Majority of each Class of
Debt or, at any time when an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, by an Act of a Majority of the Controlling Class.
The Successor Agent so appointed shall, forthwith upon its acceptance of such appointment, become the Successor Agent and supersede any
Successor Agent proposed by the Borrower. If no Successor Agent shall have been appointed and an instrument of acceptance by a Successor
Agent shall not have been delivered to the Agents within 30 days after the giving of such notice of resignation, the resigning Agent,
or any Lender, on behalf of itself and all others similarly situated, may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment
of a Successor Agent satisfying the requirements of Section 7.9 hereof. The resignation or removal of the Collateral Trustee
and/or the appointment of a successor Collateral Trustee shall be governed by Section 6.9 of the Indenture.

(c) The
Loan Agent may be removed at any time upon 30 days written notice by Act of a Majority of the Lenders, delivered to the Agents
and the Borrower.

(d) If
at any time:

(i) the
Loan Agent shall cease to be eligible under Section 7.9 hereof and shall fail to resign after written request therefor by
the Borrower or by a Majority of the Lenders; or

(ii) the
Loan Agent shall become incapable of acting or shall be adjudged as bankrupt or insolvent or a receiver or liquidator of the Loan Agent
or of its property shall be appointed or any public officer shall take charge or control of the Loan Agent or of its property or affairs
for the purpose of rehabilitation, conservation or liquidation;

then, in any such case (subject to Section 7.10(a) hereof),
(A) the Borrower, by an Issuer Order, may remove the Loan Agent, or (B) any Lender may, on behalf of itself and all others similarly
situated, petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the removal of the Loan Agent and the appointment of a Successor Agent.

(e) If
the Loan Agent shall be removed or become incapable of acting, or if a vacancy shall occur in the office of the Loan Agent for any reason
(other than resignation), the Borrower, by Issuer Order, shall promptly appoint a successor Loan Agent. If the Borrower shall fail to
appoint a successor Loan Agent within 30 days after such removal or incapability or the occurrence of such vacancy, a Successor Agent
may be appointed by a Majority of the Controlling Class by written instrument delivered to the Borrower and the retiring Loan Agent.
The successor Loan Agent so appointed shall, forthwith upon its acceptance of such appointment, become the successor Loan Agent and supersede
any successor Loan Agent proposed by the Borrower. If no successor Loan Agent shall have been so appointed by the Borrower or a Majority
of the Controlling Class and shall have accepted appointment in the manner hereinafter provided, subject to Section 6.9 of the
Indenture, any Lender or the Loan Agent may, on behalf of itself and all others similarly situated, petition any court of competent jurisdiction
for the appointment of a successor Loan Agent.

22

(f) The
Borrower shall give prompt notice of each resignation and each removal of the Loan Agent and each appointment of a Successor Agent to
the Collateral Trustee, the Rating Agency and to each Lender. Such notice shall include the name of the Successor Agent and the address
of its Corporate Trust Office. If the Borrower fails to provide such notice within 10 days after acceptance of appointment by the Successor
Agent, the Successor Agent shall cause such notice to be given at the expense of the Borrower.

(g) If
the Bank shall resign or be removed as Collateral Trustee, the Bank shall also resign or be removed as Loan Agent and as any other capacity
in which the Bank is then acting pursuant to this Agreement, the Indenture or any other Transaction Document.

Section 7.11 Acceptance
of Appointment by Successor Agents. Every Successor Agent appointed hereunder and qualified under Section 7.9 hereof
shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to the Borrower and the retiring Agent an instrument accepting such appointment and agreeing to
be bound by this Agreement and, to the extent such Successor Agent shall be a party thereto, the Indenture and the Securities Account
Control Agreement. Upon delivery of the required instruments, the resignation or removal of the retiring Agent shall become effective
and such Successor Agent, without any further act, deed or conveyance, shall become vested with all the rights, powers, trusts, duties
and obligations of the retiring Agent; but, on request of the Borrower or a Majority of the Lenders or the Successor Agent, such retiring
Agent shall, upon payment of its charges then unpaid, execute and deliver an instrument transferring to such Successor Agent all the
rights, powers and trusts of the retiring Agent, and shall duly assign, transfer and deliver to such Successor Agent all property held
by such retiring Agent hereunder. Upon request of any such Successor Agent, the Borrower shall execute any and all instruments for more
fully and certainly vesting in and confirming to such Successor Agent all such rights, powers and trusts.

Section 7.12 Merger,
Conversion, Consolidation or Succession to Business of Agents. Any organization or entity into which an Agent may be merged or converted
or with which it may be consolidated, or any organization or entity resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which such
Agent shall be a party, or any organization or entity succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate trust business of such
Agent, shall be the successor of such Agent hereunder; provided that such organization or entity shall be otherwise qualified
and eligible under this Article VII, without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of
the parties hereto.

Section 7.13 Representations
and Warranties of U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association. The Bank hereby represents and warrants as follows:

(a) Organization.
It has been duly organized and is validly existing as a national banking association with trust powers under the laws of the United States
and has the power to conduct its business and affairs as Loan Agent and as Collateral Trustee.

23

(b) Authorization;
Binding Obligations. It has the corporate power and authority to perform the duties and obligations of the Loan Agent and the Collateral
Trustee, as applicable, under this Agreement. It has taken all necessary corporate action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance
of this Agreement and the Indenture and all of the documents required to be executed by it pursuant hereto. This Agreement and the Indenture
have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Bank and constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Bank enforceable
in accordance with its terms subject, as to enforcement, (i) to the effect of bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, liquidation
or similar laws affecting generally the enforcement of creditors rights as such laws would apply in the event of any bankruptcy,
receivership, insolvency or similar event applicable to the Bank and (ii) to general equitable principles (whether enforcement is
considered in a proceeding at law or in equity).

(c) Eligibility.
It is eligible under Section 7.9 hereof to serve as Loan Agent and as Collateral Trustee hereunder.

(d) No
Conflict. Neither the execution, delivery and performance of the Indenture or this Agreement, nor the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by the Indenture or this Agreement, (i) is prohibited by, or requires the Bank to obtain any consent, authorization,
approval or registration under, any law, statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ, injunction or decree that is binding upon the
Bank or any of its properties or assets, or (ii) will violate any provision of, result in any default or acceleration of any obligations
under, result in the creation or imposition of any lien pursuant to, or require any consent under, any material agreement to which it
is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound.

Section 7.14 Withholding.
If any amount is required to be deducted or withheld from any payment to any Lender, such amount shall reduce the amount otherwise distributable
to such Lender. The Loan Agent is hereby authorized to withhold or deduct from amounts otherwise distributable to any Lender sufficient
funds for the payment of any tax that is legally required to be withheld or deducted (but such authorization shall not prevent the Loan
Agent from contesting any such tax in appropriate Proceedings and legally withholding payment of such tax, pending the outcome of such
Proceedings). The amount of any withholding tax imposed with respect to any Lender shall be treated as cash distributed to such Lender
at the time it is deducted or withheld by the Borrower or the Loan Agent, as applicable, and remitted to the appropriate taxing authority.
If there is a possibility that withholding tax is payable with respect to a distribution, the Loan Agent may in its sole discretion withhold
such amounts in accordance with this Section 7.14. If any Lender wishes to apply for a refund of any such withholding tax,
the Loan Agent shall reasonably cooperate with such Lender in making such claim so long as such Lender agrees to reimburse the Loan Agent
for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred.

24

ARTICLE VIII

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 8.1 Payment
of Expenses, Etc. The Borrower agrees to pay all reasonable out of pocket costs and expenses (A) of the Loan Agent and the Collateral
Trustee in connection with any amendment, waiver or consent of the Credit Documents and the documents and instruments referred to therein
and (B) of the Loan Agent and the Collateral Trustee in connection with any Default or Event of Default or with the enforcement
of the Credit Documents and the documents and instruments referred to therein (including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel
for the Collateral Trustee, counsel and agents for the Loan Agent and one (1) counsel in total for all Lenders, collectively). To
the extent that the undertaking to pay the Loan Agent or the Collateral Trustee set forth in the preceding sentence may be unenforceable
because it is violative of any law or public policy, the Borrower shall make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction
of each of the covered expenses which is permissible under applicable law, subject to the limitations and qualifications set forth in
the preceding sentence and the Priority of Payments. Any payments made pursuant to this Section 8.1 shall be made on the
first Payment Date that funds are available for such payments as an Administrative Expense in accordance with the Priority of Payments.
This Section 8.1 shall survive the termination of this Agreement or the removal or resignation of the applicable Agent.

Section 8.2 Right
of Setoff. Each Lender hereby waives any right of setoff that the Lender may have against the Borrower in respect of any obligation
arising hereunder or under the Lender Notes.

Section 8.3 Notices.
(a) all notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall be in writing (including telecopier or electronic mail (if
an e-mail address for the relevant party is set forth in the Indenture)) and mailed or given in the manner provided in Section 14.3
of the Indenture, if to the Borrower, the Portfolio Manager, the Rating Agency, the Loan Agent, the Collateral Trustee and/or any Lender,
at its address specified in the Indenture (or, in the case of any Lender and the Loan Agent, in Schedule 2 hereof), and in
the case of any Lender becoming party hereto after the Closing Date, the related Assignment Agreement; or, at such other address as shall
be designated by any party in a written notice to the other parties hereto. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to have
been given on the date such notice is given.

(b) [Reserved].

(c) In
the event that any provision in this Agreement calls for any notice or document to be delivered simultaneously to the Collateral Trustee
and the Loan Agent and any other Person, the Collateral Trustees or the Loan Agents receipt of such notice or document shall
entitle the Collateral Trustee and the Loan Agent to assume that such notice was delivered to such other Person or entity.

(d) Notwithstanding
any provision to the contrary in this Agreement or in any agreement or document related hereto, any documents (including reports, notices
or supplemental indentures) required to be provided by the Loan Agent or the Collateral Trustee to the Lenders may be provided by providing
notice of, and access to, the Collateral Trustees website containing such document.

25

(e) The
Bank (in each of its capacities hereunder) agrees to accept and act upon instructions or directions pursuant to this Agreement, the Indenture
or any other Transaction Document sent by unsecured email, facsimile transmission or other similar unsecured electronic methods. If such
Person elects to give the Bank email or facsimile instructions (or instructions by a similar electronic method) and the Bank in its discretion
elects to act upon such instructions, the Banks reasonable understanding of such instructions shall be deemed controlling. The
Bank shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly from the Banks reliance upon and compliance
with such instructions notwithstanding such instructions conflicting with or being inconsistent with a subsequent written instruction.
Any Person providing such instructions agrees to assume all risks arising out of the use of such electronic methods to submit instructions
and directions to the Bank, including without limitation the risk of the Bank acting on unauthorized instructions accompanied by an incumbency
certificate, and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties. Any Person providing such instructions acknowledges and agrees
that there may be more secure methods of transmitting such instructions than the method(s) selected by such Person and agrees
that the security procedures (if any) to be followed in connection with such Persons transmission of such instructions
provide to it a commercially reasonable degree of protection in light of its particular needs and circumstances.

Section 8.4 Benefit
of Agreement. (a) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties hereto
and the respective successors and assigns of the parties hereto to the extent permitted under this Section 8.4; provided
that, except as provided in Section 5.10 of this Agreement, the Borrower may not assign or transfer any of its rights or
obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender. Each Lender may at any time grant participations in any of its
rights hereunder to one or more commercial banks, insurance companies, funds or other financial institutions; provided that in
the case of any such participation, the participant shall not have any rights under this Agreement or any of the other Credit Documents
(the participants rights against such Lender in respect of such participation to be those set forth in the agreement executed
by such Lender in favor of the participant relating thereto) and all amounts payable by the Borrower hereunder shall be determined as
if such Lender had not sold such participation; and provided, further, that, no Lender shall transfer, grant or assign
any participation under which the participant shall have rights to approve any amendment to or waiver of this Agreement or any other
Credit Documents except to the extent such amendment or waiver would (x) extend the final scheduled maturity of any Loan or Lender
Note in which such participant is participating or waive any Mandatory Prepayment thereof, or reduce the rate or extend the time of payment
of interest or fees thereon (except in connection with a waiver of the applicability of any post-default increase in interest rates),
or reduce the principal amount thereof, or increase such participants participating interest in any Lender Note over the amount
thereof then in effect (it being understood that a waiver of any Default or a Mandatory Prepayment, shall not constitute a change in
the terms of any Lender Note), (y) release all or substantially all of the Assets (in each case, except as expressly provided in
the Credit Documents), or (z) consent to the assignment or transfer by the Borrower of any of its rights and obligations under this
Agreement (except as provided in Section 5.10 of this Agreement); and provided, further, that, each participation
shall be subject to the related participant providing a representation and warranty to the Lender from which it is acquiring its participation
that it is a Qualified Purchaser and a Qualified Institutional Buyer and making representations substantially in the form set forth under
Section 8.18(a)(i), Section 8.18(a)(ii), Section 8.18(a)(iv) and Section 8.18(a)(v).

26

(b) Any
Lender may assign all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including, such Lenders Loans, Lender Note
and other Loans) to one or more commercial banks, insurance companies, funds or other financial institutions (including one or more Lenders)
that is a Qualified Institutional Buyer and a Qualified Purchaser and can make all of the other representations set forth in Section 8.18.
No assignment pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence to an institution other than an Affiliate of such Lender or another Lender
shall be in an aggregate amount less than (unless the entire outstanding Loan of the assigning Lender is so assigned) $250,000. No consent
of the Borrower or the Loan Agent shall be required for any assignment by a Lender to another Lender. If any Lender so sells or assigns
all or a part of its rights hereunder or under the Lender Notes, any reference in this Agreement or the Lender Notes to such assigning
Lender shall thereafter refer to such Lender and to the respective assignee to the extent of their respective interests and the respective
assignee shall have, to the extent of such assignment (unless otherwise provided therein), the same rights and benefits as it would if
it were such assigning Lender.

(c) Each
assignment pursuant to Section 8.4(b) shall be effected by the assigning Lender and the assignee Lender executing an
Assignment and Assumption Agreement (an Assignment Agreement), which Assignment Agreement shall be substantially
in the form of Exhibit B (appropriately completed); provided that, in each case, unless otherwise consented to by
the Borrower, the Assignment Agreement shall contain a representation and warranty by the assignee to the Loan Agent and the Borrower
that such assignee is an Approved Lender. In the event of (and at the time of) any such assignment, either the assigning Lender or the
assignee Lender shall pay to the Loan Agent a nonrefundable assignment fee of $3,500, and at the time of any assignment pursuant to clause
(b) of this Section 8.4, (i) this Agreement shall be deemed to be amended to reflect the Lender Note (or the Confirmation
of Registration in lieu thereof) of the respective assignee (which shall result in a direct reduction to the Lender Note of the assigning
Lender) and of the other Lenders, and (ii) the Borrower shall issue new Lender Notes (or Confirmation of Registration) to the respective
assignee and/or to the assigning Lender, as applicable, in conformity with the requirements of Sections 3.2 and 8.16. No
transfer or assignment under clause (b) of this Section 8.4 shall be effective until recorded by the Loan Agent on the
Register pursuant to Section 8.16. To the extent of any assignment pursuant to clause (b) of this Section 8.4,
the assigning Lender shall be relieved of its obligations hereunder with respect to its assigned Lender Note (or Confirmation of Registration).
Each Lender and the Borrower agree to execute such documents (including amendments to this Agreement and the other Credit Documents)
as shall be necessary to effect the foregoing. Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent or prohibit any Lender from pledging its Lender
Notes or Loans to a Federal Reserve Bank in support of borrowings made by such Lender from such Federal Reserve Bank.

Section 8.5 No
Waiver; Remedies Cumulative. No failure or delay on the part of the Loan Agent, the Collateral Trustee or any Lender in exercising
any right, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Credit Document and no course of dealing between the Borrower and the Loan
Agent, the Collateral Trustee or any Lender shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right,
power or privilege hereunder or under any other Credit Document preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any
other right, power or privilege hereunder or thereunder. The rights and remedies herein expressly provided are cumulative and not exclusive
of any rights or remedies which the Loan Agent, the Collateral Trustee or any Lender would otherwise have. No notice to or demand on
the Borrower in any case shall entitle the Borrower or any other Person to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other
circumstances or constitute a waiver of the rights of the Loan Agent, the Collateral Trustee or the Lenders to any other or further action
in any circumstances without notice or demand.

27

Section 8.6 Payments
Pro Rata. (a) The Collateral Trustee agrees that promptly after its receipt of each payment from or on behalf of the Borrower
in respect of any Loans hereunder and pursuant to the Indenture, it shall distribute such payment to the Lenders (other than any Lender
that has expressly waived its right to receive its pro rata share thereof) pro rata based upon their respective Percentages,
if any, of the Loans with respect to which such payment was received.

(b) Each
of the Lenders agrees that, if it should receive any amount hereunder (whether by voluntary payment, by realization upon security, by
the exercise of the right of setoff or bankers lien, by counterclaim or cross action, by the enforcement of any right under the
Credit Documents, or otherwise) which is applicable to the payment of the principal of, or interest on, the Loans or fees, of a sum which
with respect to the related sum or sums received by other Lenders is in a greater proportion than the total of such Commitment then owed
and due to such Lender bears to the total of such Commitment then owed and due to all of the Lenders immediately prior to such receipt,
then such Lender receiving such excess payment shall purchase for Cash without recourse or warranty from the other Lenders an interest
in the Loans to such other Lenders in such amount as shall result in a proportional participation by all of the Lenders in such disproportionate
sum received; provided that, if all or any portion of such excess amount is thereafter recovered from such Lender, such purchase
shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, but without interest.

Section 8.7 Calculations;
Computations. All computations of interest hereunder shall be made on the actual number of days elapsed in the applicable Interest
Accrual Period divided by 360.

Section 8.8 Governing
Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Venue; Waiver of Jury Trial. (a) THIS AGREEMENT AND THE LOANS AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY,
DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT
OR ANY THE LOANS (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENT, AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND
THEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

(b) With
respect to any suit, action or proceedings relating to this Agreement or any matter between the parties arising under or in connection
with this Agreement (Proceedings), each party irrevocably: (i) submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of
the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan and the United States District Court for the Southern District
of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof; and (ii) waives any objection which it may have at any time to the laying
of venue of any Proceedings brought in any such court, waives any claim that such Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum
and further waives the right to object, with respect to such Proceedings, that such court does not have any jurisdiction over such party.
Nothing in this Agreement precludes any of the parties from bringing Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, nor will the bringing of Proceedings
in any one or more jurisdictions preclude the bringing of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction.

28

(c) EACH
OF THE PARTIES HERETO AND ANY LENDER BECOMING A PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE
LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE LOANS OR THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. Each party hereby (i) certifies that no representative, agent or attorney of the other has represented, expressly
or otherwise, that the other would not, in the event of a Proceeding, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver and (ii) acknowledges
that it has been induced to enter into this Agreement by, among other things, the mutual waivers and certifications in this paragraph.

(d) Each
party (other than the Borrower and the Agents) to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for
notices in Section 8.3.

Section 8.9 Counterparts.
This Agreement (and each amendment, modification and waiver in respect of it) may be executed and delivered in counterparts (and by different
parties hereto in different counterparts) (including by e-mail or facsimile transmission (including, without limitation, any .pdf file,
.jpeg file, or any other electronic or image file, or any electronic signature as defined under E-SIGN or ESRA, which includes
any electronic signature provided using Orbit, Adobe Sign, Adobe Fill & Sign, DocuSign, or any other similar platform identified
by the Borrower and reasonably available at no undue burden or expense to the Agents)), each of which will be deemed an original, and
all of which together constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart signature page of this Agreement
by e-mail (.pdf) or facsimile shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.

Section 8.10 Effectiveness.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Closing Date upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 4.1.

Section 8.11 Headings
Descriptive. The headings of the several sections and subsections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not
in any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision of this Agreement.

Section 8.12 Amendment
or Waiver. (a) Except as set forth in clause (c) of this Section 8.12, this Agreement may not be amended or
waived other than in accordance with Article VIII of the Indenture, which is hereby incorporated by reference mutatis mutandis.

(b) Upon
the execution of any supplemental indenture under Article VIII of the Indenture, any provisions of the Indenture that are incorporated
by reference in this Agreement, mutatis mutandis, as if fully set forth herein, shall be modified in accordance therewith, and
such supplemental Indenture shall form a part of this Agreement for all purposes; and every Lender theretofore and thereafter authenticated
and delivered hereunder shall be bound thereby.

29

(c) (i) Other
than any amendment or modification that could be effected under Article VIII of the Indenture without the consent of the Lenders,
terms of this Agreement that are not related to provisions of the Indenture and that are terms uniquely affecting the Lenders may not
be changed, waived, discharged or terminated unless such change, waiver, discharge or termination is in writing signed by the Borrower,
the Agents and a Majority of the Lenders and is consented to by the Portfolio Manager; provided that no such change, waiver, discharge
or termination shall, without the consent of each Lender (with Loans being directly affected thereby in the case of the following subclause
(A)), (A) extend any time fixed for the payment of any principal of the Loans, or reduce the rate or extend the time of payment of
interest (other than as a result of waiving the applicability of any post-default increase in interest rates) or fees thereon, or reduce
the principal amount thereof, or change the currency of payment thereof or change any Lenders Commitment, (B) release all
or substantially all of the Assets (in each case, except as expressly provided in the Credit Documents), (C) amend, modify or waive
any provision of Section 8.6 or clause (a) of this Section 8.12, (D) reduce the percentage specified
in the definition of Majority (it being understood that, with the consent of a Majority of the Lenders, additional extensions of credit
pursuant to this Agreement may be included in the determination of a Majority of the Lenders on substantially the same basis as the extensions
of Commitments are included on the Closing Date), (E) consent to the assignment or transfer by the Borrower of any of its rights
and obligations under this Agreement (except as permitted by Section 5.10), (F) waive any Mandatory Prepayment of Loans
required pursuant to Section 3.3.3 or (G) amend, modify or waive any provision of Section 8.20; provided,
further, that, no such change, waiver, discharge or termination shall increase the Commitment of any Lender over the amount thereof
then in effect without the consent of such Lender (it being understood that waivers or modifications (otherwise permitted hereunder) of
conditions precedent, covenants, Defaults or Events of Default shall not constitute an increase of the Commitment of any Lender, and that
an increase in the available portion of any Commitment of any Lender shall not constitute an increase in the Commitment of such Lender)
or without the consent of the Agents amend, modify or waive any provision of Article VII or Section 3.6 as the
same applies to the Agents. Any such waiver and any such amendment, supplement or modification shall apply equally to each of the Lenders
and shall be binding upon the Borrower, the Lenders, the Loan Agent, the Collateral Trustee and all future holders of the Loans and the
Lender Notes (or a Holder taking such interest in the form of a Confirmation of Registration).

(ii) No
change, waiver, discharge or termination of this Agreement shall affect in any manner, amend, waive or modify the terms of the Indenture;

(iii) In
the case of any waiver, the Borrower, the Lenders, the Collateral Trustee and the Loan Agent shall be restored to their former position
and rights hereunder and under the other Credit Documents, and any Default or Event of Default waived shall be deemed to be cured and
not continuing, to the extent so provided herein; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default,
or impair any right consequent thereon. In executing or accepting any change, waiver, discharge or termination of this Agreement permitted
by this Section 8.12, the Loan Agent and Collateral Trustee shall be entitled to receive, and (subject to Section 7.2
and 7.4 herein and the Indenture) shall be fully protected in relying upon, an Opinion of Counsel stating that the execution of
such change, waiver, discharge or termination is authorized or permitted by this Agreement and that all conditions precedent thereto have
been satisfied. The Collateral Trustee and Loan Agent shall not be liable for any reliance made in good faith upon such Opinion of Counsel;
and

(iv) Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, Section 3.7 of this Agreement may be removed with the consent of 100% of the Lenders; provided
that no Class of Note shall have the right to object or be required to consent to the removal of Section 3.7; provided,
further, that upon the removal of Section 3.7 any provision of the Indenture related to Section 3.7, including,
without limitation, Section 2.5(n) of the Indenture, shall have no further force or effect for the purposes of this Agreement.

30

(d) Prior
to the effectiveness of any amendment to this Agreement pursuant to clause (c) of this Section 8.12, S&P shall be
given written notice thereof and a copy of the executed amendment after its execution.

Section 8.13 Survival.
All indemnities set forth herein, including in Section 7.8 and Section 8.1 and the provisions in Section 3.7(c) shall
survive the termination of this Agreement and the making and repayment of the Loans.

Section 8.14 Domicile
of Loans. Subject to the limitations of Section 8.4, each Lender may transfer and carry its Loans at, to or for the account
of any branch office, Subsidiary or Affiliate of such Lender.

Section 8.15 Confidentiality.
Each Lender shall be required to comply with the provisions of the Indenture, including Section 14.15 of the Indenture, with respect
to Confidential Information and the provisions of Section 14.15 of the Indenture are incorporated by reference mutatis mutandis;
provided that in no event shall any Lender or any Affiliate thereof be obligated or required to return any materials furnished
by the Borrower.

Section 8.16 Register.
(a) The Borrower hereby acknowledges that the Loan Agent will serve as the Borrowers agent, solely for purposes of this Section 8.16,
to serve as registrar (the Registrar) by maintaining a register (the Register) on which it
shall record the names and addresses of each Lender, the Loans (and transfers thereof) made by each such Persons and each repayment in
respect of the principal amount of the Loans. Failure to make any such recordation, or any error in such recordation shall not affect
the Borrowers obligations in respect of such Loans. With respect to any Lender, the transfer of the rights to the principal of,
and interest on, any Loan made by such Lender shall not be effective until such transfer is recorded on the Register maintained by the
Loan Agent with respect to ownership of such Loan as provided in this Section 8.16 and prior to such recordation all amounts
owing to the transferor with respect to such Loan shall remain owing to the transferor. The registration of assignment or transfer of
all or part of any Loan shall be recorded by the Loan Agent on the Register only upon the acceptance by the Loan Agent of a properly
executed and delivered Assignment Agreement pursuant to Section 8.4(b). Each Lender shall promptly provide the Loan Agent
any information reasonably requested by it for purposes of maintaining the Register. Coincident with the delivery of such an Assignment
Agreement to the Loan Agent for acceptance and registration of assignment or transfer of all or part of a Loan, or as soon thereafter
as practicable, the assigning or transferor Lender shall surrender its Lender Notes and thereupon one or more new Lender Notes (or Confirmation
of Registration) in the same aggregate principal amount shall, if requested by the assigning or transferor Lender and/or new Lender,
be issued to the assigning or transferor Lender and/or the new Lender, as applicable. The entries in the Register shall be conclusive
absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register as the owner of such participation
for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary.

31

(b) Each
Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it
enters the name and address of each participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each participants interest
in the Loans or other obligations under the Transaction Documents (the Participant Register); provided that
no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any participant
or any information relating to a participants interest in any Commitments, Loans, or its other obligations under any Transaction
Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan, or other obligation
is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury regulations. The entries in the Participant Register
shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register
as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of
doubt, no Agent (in its capacity as Agent) shall have responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register.

Section 8.17 Marshalling;
Recapture. None of the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent nor any Lender shall be under any obligation to marshal any assets in favor
of the Borrower or any other party or against or in payment of any or all of the Loans. To the extent any Lender receives any payment
by or on behalf of the Borrower, which payment or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential,
set aside or required to be repaid to the Borrower or its estate, trustee, receiver, custodian or any other party under any bankruptcy
law, state or Federal law, common law or equitable cause, then to the extent of such payment or repayment, the obligation or part thereof
which has been paid, reduced or satisfied by the amount so repaid shall be reinstated by the amount so repaid and shall be included within
the liabilities of the Borrower to such Lender as of the date such initial payment, reduction or satisfaction occurred.

Section 8.18 Lender
Representations, etc.; Non-Recourse Obligations. (a) By executing this Agreement, whether on the date hereof or pursuant
to an assignment permitted hereunder, each Lender represents, warrants and covenants as follows:

(i) In
connection with the Loans: (A) none of the Borrower, the Portfolio Manager, the Placement Agent, the Collateral Trustee, the Collateral
Administrator, the Loan Agent, the Transferor, the Depositor, or any of their respective Affiliates is acting as a fiduciary or financial
or investment adviser for such Lender; (B) such Lender is not relying (for purposes of making any investment decision or otherwise)
upon any advice, counsel or representations (whether written or oral) of the Borrower, the Portfolio Manager, the Placement Agent, the
Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent, the Transferor, the Depositor or any of their respective Affiliates
other than any statements herein, and such Lender has read and understands this Agreement and the final Offering Circular (including
the descriptions therein of the structure of the transaction in which the Loans are being offered and the risks to the Lenders); (C) such
Lender has consulted with its own legal, regulatory, tax, business, investment, financial and accounting advisors to the extent it has
deemed necessary and has made its own investment decisions (including decisions regarding the suitability of any transaction pursuant
to this Agreement and the Indenture) based upon its own judgment and upon any advice from such advisors as it has deemed necessary and
not upon any view expressed by the Borrower, the Portfolio Manager, the Placement Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral
Trustee, the Loan Agent, the Transferor, the Depositor or any of their respective Affiliates; (D) such Lender is both (x) a
Qualified Institutional Buyer that is not a broker-dealer which owns and invests on a discretionary basis less than $25 million in securities
of issuers that are not affiliated Persons of the dealer and is not a plan referred to in paragraph (a)(1)(d) or (a)(1)(e) of
Rule 144A or a trust fund referred to in paragraph (a)(1)(f) of Rule 144A that holds the assets of such a plan, if investment
decisions with respect to the plan are made by beneficiaries of the plan and (y) a Qualified Purchaser; (E) such Lender was
not formed for the purpose of acquiring such Loans and is acquiring its interest in such Loans for its own account; (F) such Lender
will hold and transfer the minimum required amount of the Loans; (G) such Lender is a sophisticated investor and is making the Loans
with a full understanding of all of the terms, conditions and risks thereof, and it is capable of assuming and willing to assume those
risks; (H) such Lender has had access to such financial and other information concerning the Borrower and the Loans as it has deemed
necessary or appropriate in order to make an informed decision with respect to making the Loans, including an opportunity to ask questions
of and request information from the Borrower and the Portfolio Manager and (I) such Lender will provide notice of the relevant transfer
restrictions, representations, warranties and agreements to subsequent transferees.

32

(ii) on
each day from the date on which such Lender acquires its interest in the Loans through and including the date on which such Lender disposes
of its interest in such Loans, (A) if it is, or is acting on behalf of, a Benefit Plan Investor, its acquisition, holding and disposition
of such Loans do not and will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975
of the Code, and (B) if it is a governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan which is subject to any Other Plan Law, its acquisition,
holding and disposition of such Loans will not constitute or result in a non-exempt violation of any Other Plan Law. If the purchaser
or transferee of any Loans or beneficial interest therein is a Benefit Plan Investor, it will be deemed to represent, warrant and agree
that (x) none of the Borrower, the Placement Agent, the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Portfolio
Manager or any of their affiliates has provided any investment advice within the meaning of Section 3(21) of ERISA to the Benefit
Plan Investor, or to any fiduciary or other Person investing the assets of the Benefit Plan Investor (Fiduciary),
in connection with its acquisition of the Loans, and (y) the Fiduciary is exercising its own independent judgment in evaluating the
investment in the Loans. Any purported transfer of a Loan or any interest therein to a purchaser or transferee that does not comply with
the requirements specified in the applicable documents will be of no force and effect and shall be null and void ab initio.

(iii) the
Lender has not assigned and will not assign any of its rights under this Agreement to anyone other than a Person that is a Qualified Institutional
Buyer and a Qualified Purchaser and each party to whom it assigns any or all of its rights under this Agreement represents and warrants
to the Borrower on the date it becomes a party to this Agreement and each date upon which a Loan is made hereunder after such date that
it is a Qualified Institutional Buyer and a Qualified Purchaser and that it has not assigned or will not assign any or all of its rights
under this Agreement to anyone other than a Person that is a Qualified Institutional Buyer and a Qualified Purchaser.

33

(iv) the
Lender agrees that if it no longer qualifies as a Qualified Institutional Buyer or a Qualified Purchaser, it shall notify the Borrower
thereof immediately in writing and, from such time, no further Loans shall be made to the Borrower by such Lender pursuant to this Agreement.

(v) the
Lender acknowledges, represents and agrees to the tax-related provisions set forth in Section 2.5(h) of the Indenture that are
applicable to a Class A Note, provided that references to Issuer and Holder shall be read to mean Borrower
and Lender, respectively, and agrees that the tax-related provisions of Section 2.5(h) of the Indenture are incorporated
by reference mutatis mutandis.

Each Lender understands that
the Borrower, the Portfolio Manager, the Placement Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent, the Transferor,
the Depositor and their respective counsel will rely upon the accuracy and truth of the foregoing representations, and it hereby consents
to such reliance. Each Lender understands that by entering into the transactions contemplated hereby it is making a loan under a commercial
credit facility and that by making the foregoing representation, no Lender is characterizing the transactions contemplated herein as the
making of an investment in securities as defined in the Securities Act (and each Lender agrees not to assert a claim in
contravention of the foregoing, such as a claim under the federal or state securities law).

(b) The
Loan Agent, the Collateral Trustee and each Lender covenants and agrees that the obligations of the Borrower under the Loans and this
Agreement are limited recourse obligations of the Borrower, payable solely from the Assets in accordance with the terms of the Transaction
Documents, and, following repayment and realization of the Assets, any claims of the Loan Agent or the Lenders and obligations of the
Borrower hereunder shall be extinguished and shall not thereafter revive, in accordance with Section 2.7 of the Indenture. No recourse
shall be had for the payment of any amount owing in respect of the Loans against any member, shareholder, owner, employee, officer, director,
manager, authorized Person, advisor, agent or incorporator or organizer of the Borrower or Portfolio Manager or their respective successors
or assigns for any amounts payable under the Loans, this Agreement or the Indenture. It is understood that the foregoing provisions of
this Section 8.18(b) shall not (i) prevent recourse to the Assets for the sums due or to become due under any security,
instrument or agreement which is part of the Assets or (ii) constitute a waiver, release or discharge of any indebtedness or obligation
evidenced by the Loans until the Assets has been realized, whereupon any outstanding indebtedness or obligation shall be extinguished
and shall not thereafter revive. The provisions of this Section 8.18(b) shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

Section 8.19 [Reserved].

Section 8.20 No
Petition. (a) The Collateral Trustee, Loan Agent and each Lender or holder of an interest herein hereby covenants and agrees
that it shall not institute against, or join any other Person in instituting against, the Borrower or any Equity Holder Subsidiary until
one year (or if longer, the then applicable preference period) and one day after all Debt has been paid in full, any bankruptcy, reorganization,
arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings, or other similar proceedings under any federal or state bankruptcy or similar law.

34

(b) This
Section 8.20 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of all amounts payable hereunder.

Section 8.21 Acknowledgment.
The Borrower hereby acknowledges that none of the parties hereto has any fiduciary relationship with or fiduciary duty to the Borrower
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and the relationship between the Collateral Trustee, the Lenders and the Loan Agent on the one
hand, and the Borrower, on the other hand, in connection herewith is solely that of debtor and creditor.

Section 8.22 Limitation
on Suits. No Lender shall have any right to institute any Proceedings, judicial or otherwise, with respect to this Agreement or the
Indenture except as provided in Section 5.3 of the Indenture.

Section 8.23 Unconditional
Rights of Lenders to Receive Principal and Interest. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, the Lenders shall have
the right, which is absolute and unconditional, to receive payment of the principal of and interest on the Loans as such principal and
interest become due and payable in accordance with the Priority of Payments and Section 3.6 and Section 8.20,
and, subject to the provisions of Section 8.22, to institute proceedings for the enforcement of any such payment, and such
right shall not be impaired without the consent of such Lender.

Section 8.24 Termination
of Agreement. Without prejudice to any provision of the Indenture, this Agreement and all rights and obligations hereunder, other
than those expressly specified as surviving the termination of the Agreement and the repayment of the Loans and those set forth in Sections
4.1 of the Indenture with respect to the Lenders, the Loans or the Agents, shall terminate (a) at such time that all of the Loans
are repaid in full in accordance with the terms herein or (b) upon the final distribution of all proceeds of any liquidation of the
Collateral Obligations, Equity Securities and Eligible Investments effected pursuant to Article V of the Indenture.

Section 8.25 Lender
Information. Notice to Lenders shall be provided as set forth in Section 14.3 of the Indenture.

Section 8.26 Lender
Consent. By its execution and making of Loans hereunder, each Lender shall be deemed to have consented to the terms applicable to
it in its capacity as a holder of the Loans and the execution of the Indenture.

Section 8.27 [Reserved].

Section 8.28 [Reserved].

Section 8.29 USA
PATRIOT Act. In order to comply with the laws, rules, regulations and executive orders in effect from time to time applicable
to banking institutions, including, without limitation, those relating to the funding of terrorist activities and money laundering,
including Section 326 of the USA PATRIOT Act, the Agents are required to obtain, verify, record and update certain information
relating to individuals and entities which maintain a business relationship with the Agents. Accordingly, each of the parties agrees to
provide to the Agents upon request from time to time such identifying information and documentation as may be available for such
party in order to enable the Agents to comply with the USA PATRIOT Act.

[Signature Pages Follow]

35

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first above
written.

KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC,

as Borrower

By: FS KKR Capital Corp., its designated
manager

By: /s/ William Goebel

Name: William Goebel

Title: Chief Financial Officer

KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC

Class A-2L
Credit Agreement

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION,

not in its individual capacity, but solely as Collateral Trustee

By: /s/ Elaine Mah

Name: Elaine Mah

Title: Senior Vice President

KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC

Class A-2L
Credit Agreement

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION,

not in its individual capacity, but
solely as Loan Agent

By: /s/ Elaine Mah

Name: Elaine Mah

Title: Senior Vice President

KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC

Class A-2L
Credit Agreement

WEBSTER BANK, N.A.,

as Lender

By: /s/ Andrew Schuster

Name: Andrew Schuster

Title: Senior Managing Director

KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC

Class A-2L
Credit Agreement

ANNEX X

DEFINITIONS

Any defined terms used herein
shall have the respective meanings set forth herein.

Agent
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.1.

Agent Fee Letter
means the fee letter between the Borrower (or the Portfolio Manager on behalf of the Borrower) and the Bank relating to the Debt and the
transactions contemplated by the Indenture and this Agreement.

Aggregate Commitment
means (i) as of the Closing Date, $20,000,000 and (ii) upon an amendment of Schedule 1 to this Agreement pursuant to
Section 2.1, such other amount as may be set forth on such Schedule 1 (as so amended).

Agreement
has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble.

Approved Lender
means a financial institution or other institutional lender that makes each of the representations set forth in Section 8.18(a).

Assignment Agreement
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.4(c).

Assignment/Conversion
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.7.

Bank
means U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association.

Bankruptcy Code
means the federal Bankruptcy Code, Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended from time to time, and any successor statute or any
other applicable federal or state bankruptcy law or similar law.

Borrower
has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble.

Borrower
has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble.

Borrowing
means Loans made by all Lenders on the Loan Date in accordance with Section 3.1.

Business Day(s):
Any day other than (i) a Saturday or a Sunday or (ii) a day on which commercial banks are authorized or required by applicable
law, regulation or executive order to close in New York, New York or in the city in which the Corporate Trust Office of the Collateral
Trustee and the Loan Agent is located (initially, Houston, Texas and Charlotte, North Carolina) or, for any final payment of principal,
in the relevant place of presentation.

Calculation Agent
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13.

Collateral Documents
means the Indenture, the Securities Account Control Agreement and any other agreement, instrument or document executed and delivered by
or on behalf of the Borrower in connection with the foregoing or pursuant to which a Lien is granted in accordance with the terms of the
Indenture as security for any of the Loans.

Annex X-1

Commitment
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.1.

Confirmation of
Registration: With respect to an uncertificated interest in the Loans, a confirmation of registration, substantially in the
form of Exhibit D, provided to the owner thereof promptly after the registration thereof in the Register by the Registrar.

"Conversion Date"
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.7.

"Conversion Option"
means the option of a Converting Lender to convert all or a portion of the Loans into an equivalent principal amount of Class A-2
Notes pursuant to Section 3.7 hereof and Section 2.5(o) of the Indenture.

"Converting Lender"
means any Lender that has exercised a Conversion Option hereunder.

Credit Document
means this Agreement, the Lender Notes, the Confirmation of Registration, the Collateral Documents and any other agreement, instrument
or document executed and delivered by or on behalf of the Borrower in connection with the foregoing.

Custodian
means U.S. Bank National Association, in its capacity as custodian and as document custodian under the Securities Account Control Agreement,
together with its successors and assigns, as applicable.

Default
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.1.

Dollar
or $ means dollars in lawful currency of the United States of America.

Event of Default
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.1.

Fiduciary
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.18(a)(ii).

GAAP
means generally accepted accounting principles (as in effect in the United States).

Indenture
means that certain Indenture, dated as of March 28, 2025, between the Borrower and the Collateral Trustee, as the same may be amended,
modified or supplemented from time to time pursuant to the terms thereof.

Lender
means any of the creditors that are parties to this Agreement, including each initial Lender and each Person which becomes an assignee
pursuant to Section 8.4(b).

Lender Note
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.2.

Lien
means, with respect to any asset, any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or
other), charge, or preference, priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including
any conditional sale, sale subject to a repurchase obligation or other title retention agreement relating to such asset, and any financing
lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing).

Annex X-2

Loan
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.1.

Loan Agent
has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble.

Loan Date
means the Closing Date.

Majority of the
Lenders means Lenders holding more than 50% of the Aggregate Commitment.

Mandatory Prepayment
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.3.3.

Officers
Certificate means a certificate signed on behalf of the Borrower or the Portfolio Manager by one or more officers thereof.

Percentage
of any Lender means, at any time: (a) with respect to the aggregate amount of Commitments of all Lenders to make Loans at such time,
the percentage which such Lenders Commitment to make Loans, if any, is of the aggregate amount of Commitments of all Lenders to
make Loans at such time; and (b) with respect to the aggregate amount of Loans which are outstanding at such time, the percentage
which the aggregate principal amount of such Lenders Loans is of the total principal amount of Loans at such time; in each case
as shown on Schedule 1 to this Agreement (or, in the case of any Lender which becomes a Lender pursuant to any Assignment
Agreement, as provided in such Assignment Agreement) and in all cases as changed from time to time as a consequence of Assignment Agreements
pursuant to Section 8.4(b) and as reflected in the books and records of the Loan Agent at such time.

Person
means individual, corporation (including a business trust), partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint
stock company, statutory trust, trust (including any beneficiary thereof), unincorporated association or government or any agency or political
subdivision thereof.

Plan
means any employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) which is subject to Title I of ERISA, any
plan that is not subject to ERISA but which is subject to Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code, and any entity such as a collective
investment fund and separate account whose underlying assets include the assets of such employee benefit plans or plans.

Portfolio Manager
means FS KKR Capital Corp., a Delaware limited partnership, in its capacity as Portfolio Manager to the Borrower under the Portfolio Management
Agreement, until such time, if any, as a successor Person shall have become the Portfolio Manager pursuant to provisions of the Portfolio
Management Agreement, and thereafter Portfolio Manager shall mean such successor Person.

Rating Agency:
S&P, or, with respect to Assets generally, if at any time S&P ceases to provide rating services with respect to debt obligations,
any other nationally recognized investment rating agency selected by the Borrower (or the Portfolio Manager on behalf of the Borrower).

Annex X-3

Register
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.16.

Responsible Officer
means, when used with respect to the Collateral Trustee or the Loan Agent, any officer within the Corporate Trust Office of the Collateral
Trustee or the Loan Agent, as applicable (or any successor group of the Collateral Trustee or Loan Agent, as applicable) including any
vice president, assistant vice president or officer of the Collateral Trustee or the Loan Agent, as applicable, customarily performing
functions similar to those performed by the Persons who at the time shall be such officers, respectively, or to whom any corporate trust
matter is referred at the Corporate Trust Office because of such Persons knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject
and in each case having direct responsibility for the administration of this transaction.

S&P
means S&P Global Ratings, an S&P Global Ratings Inc. business, and any successor or successors thereto.

Securities Account
Control Agreement means the Securities Account Control Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among the Borrower, the Collateral
Trustee and U.S. Bank National Association, as intermediary and as document custodian.

Senior Item
shall have the meaning assigned in Section 3.6(b) (Subordination) herein.

Subsidiary
means at any time, with respect to any Person (the parent), any corporation, association, partnership, limited liability
company or other business entity (a) of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50% of the ordinary
voting power to elect the board of directors, general partner, or comparable body of such corporation, association, partnership or other
business entity or, in the case of a partnership, ownership interests representing more than 50% of the interests of such partnership
(irrespective of whether at the time securities or other ownership interests of any other class or classes of such corporation, association,
partnership or other business entity shall or might have voting power solely upon the occurrence of any contingency) are, at such time
owned directly or indirectly by the parent, by one or more Subsidiaries of the parent or by the parent and one or more Subsidiaries of
the parent and (b) which is also required at such time under GAAP to be consolidated with the parent.

Transaction Documents
means this Agreement, the other Credit Documents, the Indenture, the Portfolio Management Agreement, the Master Loan Sale Agreement, the
Collateral Administration Agreement, the Securities Account Control Agreement, the Placement Agreement, the ESMA Reporting Side Letter
and the Retention of Net Economic Interest Letter.

Collateral Trustee
has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble.

United States
or U.S. means the United States of America, its 50 States, the District of Columbia and the Commonwealth of Puerto
Rico.

Annex X-4

EXHIBIT A

$______________ 

New York, New York

_____ ___, ______

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, KKR 
FSK CLO 2 LLC (the Borrower), hereby promises to pay to ______________ or its registered assigns (the Lender),
in lawful money of the United States of America in immediately available funds, at the Payment Office initially located at c/o ______________,
on each Payment Date, in accordance with the Priority of Payments set forth in the Indenture (as defined below) the principal sum of ______________
DOLLARS ($______________) or, if less, the unpaid principal amount of all Loans made by the Lender pursuant to the Agreement (as defined
below), payable at such times and in such amounts as are specified in the Agreement. Terms used but not defined herein shall have their
respective meaning set forth in the Agreement and the Indenture, dated as of March 28, 2025between the Borrower and U.S. Bank Trust
Company, National Association, as Collateral Trustee (as supplemented, amended or otherwise modified from time to time, the Indenture),
as applicable.

The Borrower also promise
to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Loan made by the Lender in like money at said office from the date hereof until
paid at the rates and at the times provided in Article III of the Agreement.

This Lender Note is one of
the Lender Notes referred to in the Credit Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2025, among the Borrower, the lenders from time to time
party thereto (including the Lender) and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as loan agent and as collateral trustee (as amended,
restated, modified and/or supplemented from time to time, the Agreement) and is entitled to the benefits thereof
and of the other Credit Documents. This Lender Note is secured by the Indenture. As provided in the Agreement, this Lender Note is subject
to voluntary prepayment and mandatory repayment prior to the final Payment Date, in accordance with the Priority of Payments as provided
in Section 3.3 of the Agreement and the Indenture.

In case an Event of Default
(as defined in the Agreement) shall occur and be continuing, the principal of and accrued interest on this Lender Note may be declared
to be due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Agreement and the Indenture.

The Borrower hereby waives
presentment, demand, protest or notice of any kind in connection with this Lender Note.

This Lender Note is subject
to Section 8.18 and Section 8.20 of the Agreement.

THIS LENDER NOTE SHALL BE
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND BE GOVERNED BY THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICTS OF LAW PRINCIPLES).

EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT
HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT THAT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY
PROCEEDING.

Ex. A-1

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

Ex. A-2

KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC

By: 

Name:

Title:

Ex. A-3

EXHIBIT B

Form of Assignment Agreement

ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION

This Assignment and Assumption
(this Assignment and Assumption) is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below and is entered into by and between
[Insert name of Assignee] (the Assignor) and [Insert name of Assignee] (the Assignee). Capitalized
terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement identified below (the Credit
Agreement), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by the Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth
in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption
as if set forth herein in full.

For an agreed consideration,
the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from the
Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted
by the Loan Agent as contemplated below (i) all of the Assignors rights and obligations as a Lender under the Credit Agreement
and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount and percentage interest identified
below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of the Assignor under the respective facilities identified below and (ii) to
the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of the Assignor (in
its capacity as a Lender) against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any
other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related
to any of the foregoing, including, but not limited to, contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other
claims at law or in equity related to the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations
sold and assigned pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred to herein collectively as, the Assigned Interest).
Such sale and assignment is without recourse to the Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without
representation or warranty by the Assignor.

1. Assignor:
__________________________

2. Assignee:
__________________________

Address: __________________________________________________

Contact Information: ________________________________________

Wire Instructions: __________________________________________

3. Borrower:
KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC

4. Loan
Agent: U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as the Loan Agent under the Credit Agreement.

Ex. B-1

5. Credit
Agreement: The Credit Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2025, among KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC, as Borrower, the Lenders from time
to time party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Loan Agent and as Collateral Trustee.

6. Assigned
Interest:

Facility Assigned Aggregate Amount of 

Commitment for all 

Lenders Amount of

Commitment 

Assigned Percentage Assigned 

of Commitment1

Loans $ $ %

Effective Date: _____________,
20____ (the Effective Date)2

[Insert if being delivered
in connection with an Assignment/Conversion: This Assignment and Assumption is being entered into in connection with an Assignment/Conversion]

The terms set forth in this
Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to:

ASSIGNOR

[NAME OF ASSIGNOR]

By: 

Title: Authorized Signatory

ASSIGNEE

[NAME OF ASSIGNEE]

By: 

Title:

1
Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the Commitment of all Lenders thereunder.

2
If delivered in connection with an Assignment/Conversion, the Effective Date must be the same date as the related Conversion Date.

Ex. B-2

Receipt acknowledged by: 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION, 

as Loan Agent 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Consented to: 

KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC 

as Borrower 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Ex. B-3

ANNEX 1 TO ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION

CREDIT AGREEMENT

STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR

ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION

1. Representations
and Warranties.

1.1. Assignor.
The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest, (ii) the
Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim and (iii) it has full power and authority, and
has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection
with the Credit Agreement or any other Credit Document, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency
or value of the Credit Documents or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of the Borrower, any of its respective
subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of any Credit Document or (iv) the performance or observance
by the Borrower, any of its subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of its obligations under any Credit Document.

1.2. Assignee.
The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute
and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the Credit
Agreement and, if the Assignment and Assumption is being delivered in connection with an Assignment/Conversion, a Holder under the Indenture,
(ii) it meets all requirements of an Approved Lender under the Credit Agreement (subject to receipt of such consents as may be required
under the Credit Agreement) and, if the Assignment and Assumption is being delivered in connection with an Assignment/Conversion, a Holder
under the Indenture, (iii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Lender
or, if the Assignment and Assumption is being delivered in connection with an Assignment/Conversion, the Indenture as a Holder thereunder
and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder, and (iv) it has received a copy of
the Credit Agreement, the Indenture and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis
and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase the Assigned Interest on the basis of which it has made such
analysis and decision independently and without reliance on the Loan Agent or any other Lender; and (b) agrees that (i) it will,
independently and without reliance on the Loan Agent, the Assignor or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as
it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Credit Documents,
and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Credit Documents are required
to be performed by it as a Lender or, if this Assignment and Assumption is being delivered in connection with an Assignment/Conversion,
a Holder.

Ex. B-4

2. Payments.
From and after the Effective Date, the Borrower shall make all payments in respect of the Assigned Interest (including payments of principal,
interest, fees and other amounts) to the Loan Agent for the benefit of (x) the Assignor for amounts which have accrued to but excluding
the Effective Date and to (y) the Assignee for amounts which have accrued from and after the Effective Date.

3. General
Provisions. This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective
successors and assigns. This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute
one instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption by telecopy or electronic
mail shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Assumption. This Assignment and Assumption
shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York.

4. Waiver
of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT THAT IT MAY HAVE
TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY PROCEEDING.

Ex. B-5

EXHIBIT C

Notice of Conversion

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Collateral Trustee

8 Greenway Plaza, Suite 1100

Houston, Texas 77046

Attention: Global Corporate Trust KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Loan Agent

214 N. Tryon Street, 27th Floor

Charlotte, North Carolina 28202

Attention: Loan Agency KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC

Email: Agency.services@usbank.com; james.hanley1@usbank.com

KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC

c/o FS KKR Capital Corp.,

201 Rouse Blvd.

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19112

Attention: William Goebel

Reference is hereby made to
the Credit Agreement dated as of March 28, 2025, among KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC, as borrower, various financial institutions and
other persons which are, or may become, parties thereto as Lenders (the "Lenders"), U.S. Bank Trust Company, National
Association, as Loan Agent and Collateral Trustee (the "Credit Agreement"), as the same may be supplemented or amended
from time to time in accordance with its terms. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given them in the
Credit Agreement.

Pursuant to Section 3.7
of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby provides notice to the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent and the Borrower that it is
exercising the Conversion Option. The undersigned hereby certifies that it holds an Aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Loans in the
amount of U.S.$[_______] and requests that U.S.$[_______] of the Loans be converted into Class A-2 Notes on [_______].3,4

[Pursuant to Section 3.7(c) of
the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby provides notice to the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent and the Borrower that they are
exercising the Conversion Option in connection with an Assignment/Conversion and that they are also concurrently herewith delivering
to the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent and the Borrower an executed copy of an Assignment Agreement. [Insert name of Assignor] hereby
certifies that it holds an [Aggregate Outstanding Amount] of the Loans in the amount of U.S.$[__________], is assigning U.S.$[________]
of the Loans to [Insert name of Assignee] (the "Assignee") and requests that the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of the
Loans being assigned be converted into Class A-2 Notes and delivered to the Assignee as Class A-2 Notes on [_______].]5,6

3
No earlier than five Business Days after the delivery of the notice (or such earlier date as may be reasonably agreed to by the Lender,
the Collateral Trustee and the Loan Agent); provided that if the Loans to be so converted have been assigned on any Business Day
subsequent to the immediately prior Payment Date, then the Conversion Date shall only occur on a Payment Date.

4
Insert for Conversion Option exercise only.

5
No earlier than five Business Days after the delivery of the notice (or such earlier date as may be reasonably agreed to by the Lender,
the Collateral Trustee and the Loan Agent); provided that if the Loans to be so converted have been assigned on any Business Day
subsequent to the immediately prior Payment Date, then the Conversion Date shall only occur on a Payment Date.

6
Insert for Assignment/Conversion.

Ex. C-1

The undersigned agrees to
provide reasonable assistance to the Collateral Trustee and the Loan Agent in connection with such [conversion][Assignment/Conversion],
including, but not limited to, providing instructions to DTC.

[Lender][Assignee] DTC Participant
No.: _________________________

Name of Custodian: _________________________

Contact Name: _____________________________

Telephone No.: ____________________________

E mail Address: ___________________________

In order to coordinate the
DWAC with the Collateral Trustee please contact:

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association

8 Greenway Plaza, Suite 1100

Houston, Texas 77046

Attention: Global Corporate Trust KKR FSK
CLO 2 LLC

Ex. C-2

[NAME OF LENDER]

By: 

Name:

Title:

[NAME OF ASSIGNEE]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Ex. C-3

EXHIBIT D

CONFIRMATION
OF REGISTRATION

KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC,

as Borrower,

[DATE]

Re: Credit Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2025 (the Credit Agreement), among KKR
FSK CLO 2 LLC, as borrower (the Borrower) and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Loan Agent
(the Loan Agent) and as Collateral Trustee (the Collateral Trustee). Capitalized terms not otherwise
defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement

The Registrar hereby confirms that it has registered
the principal amount of the Loan in the name specified below, in the Register. This Confirmation of Registration is provided for informational
purposes only; ownership of such Loan shall be determined conclusively by the Register. To the extent of any conflict between this Confirmation
of Registration and the Register, the Register shall control. This is not a security certificate.

Amount of Loan: U.S.$[ ]

Registered Name of Lender: [ ]

Address of Lender: [ ]

[ ]

[ ]

[ ]

Wire Instructions of Lender: [ ]

Transaction Date Transaction 

Description Loan Amount 

Ex. D-1

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National
Association,

as Registrar

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Ex. D-2

SCHEDULE 1

Commitments and Percentages

Lender Commitment Percentage Commitment Amount

Webster Bank, N.A. 100% $20,000,000

Total: 100% $20,000,000

Sch. 1-1

SCHEDULE 2

Lending Offices and Notice Data

Collateral Trustee

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association

8 Greenway Plaza, Suite 1100

Houston, Texas 77046

Attention: Global Corporate Trust KKR FSK
CLO 2 LLC

Email: kkr.team@usbank.com

Loan Agent

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association

214 N. Tryon Street, 27th Floor

Charlotte, North Carolina 28202

Attention: Loan Agency KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC

Email: Agency.services@usbank.com; james.hanley1@usbank.com

Borrower

KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC

c/o FS KKR Capital Corp.,

201 Rouse Blvd.

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19112

Attention: Willilam Goebel

Email: FSIC_Team@fsinvestments.com; credit.notices@fsinvestments.com;

portfolio.finance@fsinvestments.com

Portfolio Manager

FS KKR Capital Corp.

201 Rouse Blvd.

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19112

Rating Agency

S&P Global Ratings

Email: CDO_Surveillance@spglobal.com

Sch. 2-1

SCHEDULE 3

Payment Instructions for Lenders

Notice Information

Payment Information Initial Principal 

Amount (U.S.$) LOANX ID

Webster Bank, N.A.

1 Jericho Plaza

Jericho, NY 11753

Primary Contact:

Name: Sejal Doshi

Telephone: 516-327-7825

Email: participation@websterbank.com

Secondary Contacts:

Name: Margaret Richards / Victor Chevallier

Telephone: 516-327-6513

Escalation:

Myriam Ferguson

Telephone: 516-327-7704

Email: MyFerguson@websterbank.com

Payment Instructions:

Bank Name: Webster Bank

ABA/Routing No.: 221970443

Account Name: Webster Bank

Account No.: 6700100798

Attention: Loan Servicing

Reference: KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC $20,000,000 N/A

Sch. 3-1

SCHEDULE 4

Collateral Trustee Wiring Instructions

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Collateral Trustee

Wiring Instructions:

USD

Bank Name: U.S. Bank N.A.

ABA # : 091000022

For Credit to KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC

Account #: 167502994814

Reference: KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC

Sch. 4-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tm2511364d1_ex10-6.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.6
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.6

EXECUTION
VERSION

CLASS A-1W CREDIT AGREEMENT

dated as of March 28, 2025

among

KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC

as Borrower,

the Lenders party hereto,

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

as Loan Agent and as Collateral Trustee

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

Section 1.1 Defined Terms 1

Section 1.2 Use of Defined Terms 1

Section 1.3 Interpretation 2

Section 1.4 Accounting Matters 2

Section 1.5 Conflict between Credit Documents 3

Section 1.6 Legal Representation of the Parties 3

ARTICLE II

SECURED LOANS; PAYMENTS

Section 2.1 Commitment of Each Lender 3

Section 2.2 Borrowing Procedure 3

Section 2.3 Principal Payments and Prepayments 4

Section 2.4 Interest 4

Section 2.5 Re-Pricing of the Secured Loans 5

Section 2.6 Method and Place of Payment 5

Section 2.7 Subordination 5

Section 2.8 Lender Reporting Obligations 6

Section 2.10 Treatment as Class A-1 Debt 6

Section 2.11 Conversion 7

Section 2.12 Assignment of Class A-1W Loans to the Borrower 8

ARTICLE III

CONDITIONS TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS

Section 3.1 Closing Date 8

ARTICLE IV

COVENANTS, REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES

Section 4.1 Payment of Principal and Interest 9

Section 4.2 Maintenance of Office or Agency 9

Section 4.3 Funds for Payment 9

Section 4.4 Existence of Borrower 9

-i- 

Section 4.5 Protection of Assets 9

Section 4.6 Opinions as to Assets 9

Section 4.7 Performance of Obligations 9

Section 4.8 Negative Covenants 10

Section 4.9 Statement as to Compliance 10

Section 4.10 Successor Substituted 10

Section 4.11 No Other Business 10

Section 4.12 Annual Rating Review 10

Section 4.13 Calculation Agent 10

Section 4.14 Certain Tax Matters 10

Section 4.15 Objection to Bankruptcy Proceeding 10

Section 4.16 Sanctions; Anti-Corruption 11

Section 4.17 Representations and Warranties Concerning Assets 11

ARTICLE V

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

Section 5.1 Events of Default 11

Section 5.2 Remedies 12

Section 5.3 Notice 12

ARTICLE VI

THE COLLATERAL TRUSTEE; LOAN AGENT

Section 6.1 Collateral Trustee 12

Section 6.2 Appointment of the Loan Agent; Nature of Duties 13

Section 6.3 Certain Rights of the Loan Agent 14

Section 6.4 Not Responsible for Recitals or Borrowing of Secured Loans 18

Section 6.5 May Be a Lender 18

Section 6.6 Compensation and Reimbursement 18

Section 6.7 Loan Agent Required; Eligibility 19

Section 6.8 Resignation and Removal of Loan Agent; Appointment of Successor 19

Section 6.9 Acceptance of Appointment by Successor Agent 20

Section 6.10 Merger, Conversion, Consolidation or Succession to Business of the Loan Agent 21

Section 6.11 Representations and Warranties of the Loan Agent 21

Section 6.12 USA PATRIOT Act 22

Section 6.13 Withholding 22

Section 6.14 Lack of Reliance on the Loan Agent 22

-ii- 

ARTICLE VII

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 7.1 Payment of Indemnification, etc. 23

Section 7.2 Right of Setoff 23

Section 7.3 Notices 23

Section 7.4 Benefit of Agreement 24

Section 7.5 No Waiver; Remedies Cumulative 26

Section 7.6 Payments Pro Rata 26

Section 7.7 Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Venue; Waiver of Jury Trial 26

Section 7.8 Counterparts 27

Section 7.9 Effectiveness 28

Section 7.10 Headings Descriptive 28

Section 7.11 Amendment or Waiver 28

Section 7.12 Survival 29

Section 7.13 Domicile of Lender 29

Section 7.14 Lenders May Hold Notes 30

Section 7.15 Loan Register; Participant Register 30

Section 7.16 Marshalling; Recapture 31

Section 7.17 Lender Representations, etc. 31

Section 7.18 No Petition; Non-Recourse Obligations 32

Section 7.19 Acknowledgment 33

Section 7.20 Limitation on Suits 33

Section 7.21 Unconditional Rights of Lenders to Receive Principal and Interest 33

Section 7.22 Termination of Agreement 34

Section 7.23 Separability 34

Section 7.24 [Reserved] 34

Section 7.25 [Reserved] 34

Section 7.26 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 34

Section 7.27 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions 35

Annex X Definitions

Exhibit A Form of Assignment Agreement

Exhibit B Form of Borrowing Request

Exhibit C Form of Conversion Notice

Schedule 1 Initial Lenders

Schedule 2 Addresses for Notices

-iii- 

CLASS A-1W CREDIT AGREEMENT

This
CLASS A-1W CREDIT AGREEMENT (this "Agreement"), dated as of March 28, 2025 is entered into by and among
KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC, a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Delaware, as the borrower (the "Borrower,"),
the Lenders (as defined below) from time to time party hereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, a national banking association
(the "Bank"), as loan agent (the "Loan Agent") and as collateral trustee under the Indenture (in such
capacity, the "Collateral Trustee").

The terms of this Agreement,
and the rights and obligations set forth hereunder, shall become effective as specified in Section 7.9 hereof.

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, the Borrower is a Delaware
limited liability company with powers to pursue a strategy of investing on a leveraged basis and acquiring, holding and disposing of a
diversified pool of Collateral Obligations;

WHEREAS, the Borrower will be
issuing Notes under the Indenture, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, and will pledge as security for the Notes and
the Secured Loans (as defined herein) all of the Assets, as set forth in the Indenture;

WHEREAS, the Borrower desires
to borrow from the Lenders, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein; and

WHEREAS, the Lenders are willing
to extend the Secured Loans, on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth;

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties
hereto, intending to be legally bound hereby as of the Closing Date, agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS
AND INTERPRETATION

Section 1.1 Defined
Terms. Certain capitalized terms used in this Agreement shall have the respective meanings set forth in Annex X hereto. As used
in this Agreement, and unless the context requires a different meaning, capitalized terms used but not defined herein (including in Annex
X hereto) shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Indenture. In the event of any inconsistency between the definition of any
term as set forth herein and the definition for such term as set forth in the Indenture, the definition for such term as set forth in
the Indenture shall control.

Section 1.2 Use
of Defined Terms. Unless otherwise defined or the context otherwise requires, terms for which meanings are provided in this Agreement
shall have such meanings when used in each Assignment Agreement, notice and other communication delivered from time to time in connection
with this Agreement or any other Credit Document.

Section 1.3 Interpretation.
In this Agreement, unless a clear contrary intention appears:

(a) the
singular number includes the plural number and vice versa;

(b) reference
to any Person includes such Person's successors and assigns but, if applicable, only if such successors and assigns are permitted by this
Agreement, and reference to a Person in a particular capacity excludes such Person in any other capacity or individually;

(c) reference
to any gender includes each other gender;

(d) reference
to any agreement (including this Agreement and the Annex, Exhibits and Schedules hereto), document or instrument means such agreement,
document or instrument as amended or modified and in effect from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and, if applicable,
the terms hereof and reference to any promissory note includes any promissory note which is an extension or renewal thereof or a substitute
or replacement therefor;

(e) reference
to any Applicable Law means such Applicable Law as amended, modified, codified or reenacted, in whole or in part, and in effect from time
to time, including rules and regulations promulgated thereunder;

(f) unless
the context indicates otherwise, reference to any Article, Section, Schedule, Annex or Exhibit means such Article, Section or
Schedule hereof or Annex or Exhibit hereto;

(g) "hereunder,"
"hereof," "hereto," "herein" and words of similar import shall be deemed references to this Agreement as
a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or other provision hereof;

(h) "including"
(and with correlative meaning "include") means including without limiting the generality of any description preceding such term;

(i) relative
to the determination of any period of time, "from" means "from and including," "to" means "to but excluding,"
and "through" means "through and including";

(j) to
the extent that the Collateral Trustee under the Indenture is the same Person as the Loan Agent hereunder, any actions to be taken by
the Loan Agent will be deemed satisfied if taken by the Collateral Trustee; and

(k) reference
to any rating by a Rating Agency includes any equivalent rating in a successor rating category of such Rating Agency.

Section 1.4 Accounting
Matters. For purposes of this Agreement, all accounting terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them
in conformity with GAAP.

-2- 

Section 1.5 Conflict
between Credit Documents. If there is any conflict between this Agreement and the Indenture or any other Credit Document, this
Agreement, the Indenture and such other Credit Document shall be interpreted and construed, if possible, so as to avoid or minimize such
conflict but, to the extent (and only to the extent) of such conflict, the Indenture shall prevail and control and in the case and to
the extent of any other conflict between this Agreement and any Credit Document, this Agreement shall prevail and control.

Section 1.6 Legal
Representation of the Parties. This Agreement was negotiated by the parties with the benefit of legal representation and any rule of
construction or interpretation otherwise requiring this Agreement or any other Credit Document to be construed or interpreted against
any party shall not apply to any construction or interpretation hereof or thereof.

ARTICLE II

SECURED
LOANS; PAYMENTS

Section 2.1 Commitment
of Each Lender. (a) Each Initial Lender shall, on the Closing Date and subject to the terms and conditions hereof,
severally, but not jointly, make a term loan (each a "Class A-1W Loan" and all Class A-1W Loans herein referred
to as the "Secured Loans") to the Borrower in a principal amount equal to the Initial Principal Amount set forth on Schedule 1.

(b) On
the Closing Date, the proceeds of the Secured Loans will be provided as instructed by the Borrower. Each Secured Loan shall be denominated
in Dollars. Subject to the terms hereof and the Priority of Payments, the Borrower may from time to time prepay the Secured Loans without
premium or penalty in accordance with Section 2.3(b); provided that the Borrower may not borrow or re-borrow any Secured
Loans after prepayment or repayment thereof.

Section 2.2 Borrowing
Procedure. Borrowings under the Secured Loans shall be made in accordance with this Section 2.2.

(a) Funding
of the Borrowings. Not later than 10:00 a.m. (New York time) on the Closing Date, each Initial Lender shall pay the amount requested
in relation to the funding of its Class A-1W Loan in Dollars and in immediately available funds to the Collateral Trustee in accordance
with the Borrowing Request. The Collateral Trustee shall apply such amounts as directed by the Borrower on the Closing Date.

(b) Additional
Borrowings. On any Business Day, the Borrower may, in accordance with the conditions set forth in Section 2.13 of the Indenture
and in connection with an issuance of additional Notes pursuant thereto, borrow under Additional Loans. Such Additional Loans shall be
subject to the conditions set forth in Section 2.13 of the Indenture and may only be borrowed (i) if such conditions have been
met and (ii) if the making of such Additional Loans and the principal amount thereof is specified in a Conforming Amendment to this
Agreement that is acknowledged by the Loan Agent and the Collateral Trustee. The opportunity to act as Lender with respect to such Additional
Loans will, to the extent reasonably practicable, be provided first to the existing Lenders in such amounts as are necessary to preserve
their pro rata share of the Secured Loans. If a Person that was not previously a party to this Agreement extends any such Additional
Loan, it will be required to be made a party to this Agreement by executing the amendment reflecting the terms of such Additional Loans
and adding such Person as a Lender. The terms of such Additional Loans must be identical to the terms of the Initial Loans except that
the interest due on Additional Loans will accrue from the date such Additional Loan is made and Additional Loans may have a different
interest rate than the Initial Loans; provided that the spread over the Reference Rate of any such Additional Loan will not be
greater than the spread over the Reference Rate applicable to the Initial Loans. This Agreement will be amended to reflect the terms of
any Additional Loans in accordance with Section 7.11(b).

-3- 

(c) Lender
Notes. No Secured Loans will be represented by a promissory note or other instrument.

Section 2.3 Principal
Payments and Prepayments.

(a) Principal
Payments. Unless principal on a Secured Loan becomes due and payable at an earlier date by acceleration, prepayment or otherwise,
all unpaid principal of the Secured Loans shall be due and payable on the Stated Maturity. In addition, the Borrower shall make payments
of unpaid principal of each Secured Loan on each Payment Date after the Reinvestment Period to the extent provided in the Priority of
Payments. Any such payments of principal will be paid to the Lenders in accordance with the Priority of Payments and the terms of this
Agreement.

(b) Prepayments.
Subject to the limitations set forth in the Indenture, on any Payment Date or Redemption Date, prepayments of principal may be made on
the Secured Loans in the event of redemptions or prepayments pursuant to the Indenture, including in connection with a failure of a Coverage
Test, in connection with a Special Redemption, Optional Redemption (including, without limitation, a Refinancing), Clean-Up Optional Redemption
or Tax Redemption. Any such prepayments will be paid to the Lenders in accordance with the Priority of Payments and the terms of this
Agreement.

(c) Secured
Loans that are prepaid in connection with an Optional Redemption, Clean-Up Optional Redemption or Tax Redemption will receive the Redemption
Price of such Secured Loans, in each case, in accordance with the Indenture.

Section 2.4 Interest.
(a) Interest on the Secured Loans shall be due and payable in arrears on each Payment Date in accordance with the Priority
of Payments.

(b) Interest
due and payable on each Secured Loan on each Payment Date will be an amount calculated for the related Interest Accrual Period equal to
the product of (i) the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of such Secured Loan on the preceding Payment Date (after giving effect to payments
of principal made on such preceding Payment Date and all prior Payment Dates), (ii) the Reference Rate for the Interest Accrual Period
plus the Applicable Margin and (iii) the actual number of days during the Interest Accrual Period divided by 360. The Reference
Rate with respect to any Interest Accrual Period (or portion thereof) shall be determined as provided in the Indenture. To the extent
lawful and enforceable, interest shall accrue on any interest that remains unpaid and is due and payable on any Payment Date at the same
rate applicable to unpaid principal for each Interest Accrual Period.

-4- 

(c) Unless
otherwise directed in writing by the Loan Agent (at the direction of the applicable Lender or Lenders required by Section 2.6),
the Borrower shall make all payments of interest to each Lender in accordance with Section 2.6.

(d) The
Lenders hereby consent to the initial appointment of the Collateral Administrator under the Indenture to serve as the Calculation Agent
under this Agreement. All computations of interest hereunder shall be made by the Calculation Agent (with reasonable assistance from the
Portfolio Manager) in accordance with Section 2.4(b) hereof and Section 7.16 of the Indenture.

(e) In
no event shall the rate of interest applicable to any Secured Loan exceed the maximum rate permitted by Applicable Law.

Section 2.5 Re-Pricing
of the Secured Loans. The Secured Loans may not be re-priced.

Section 2.6 Method
and Place of Payment. (a) To the extent that funds are available pursuant to the Priority of Payments, all payments
by the Borrower in respect of Secured Loans hereunder and all fees hereunder shall be made in Dollars. Except as otherwise specifically
provided herein, unless otherwise directed in writing by the Loan Agent (acting at the written direction of 100% of the Lenders) to the
Collateral Trustee, all payments under this Agreement shall be made to (or at the direction of) the Loan Agent for the ratable (based
on their applicable Percentages) account of the Lenders entitled thereto (which funds, if delivered to the Loan Agent, the Loan Agent
shall promptly forward to such Lenders), on the date when due and shall be made in immediately available funds to the account with the
wire instructions specified in Schedule 1 (or in the Assignment Agreement, as applicable). Each Lender may direct the Loan
Agent to direct the Borrower to make payments directly to such Lender or as otherwise designated by such Lender; provided that
the Borrower shall not be bound to make such payments directly to such Lender until directed in writing by the Loan Agent. Whenever any
payment to be made hereunder shall be stated to be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the due date thereof shall be extended to
the succeeding Business Day and, with respect to payments of principal, interest shall accrue during such extension at the applicable
rate in effect immediately prior to such extension. For the avoidance of doubt, all payments by the Borrower of principal and interest
in respect of Secured Loans, or any other amounts owed to a Lender hereunder, payable on a Payment Date shall be made to the Lender of
record identified in the Loan Register; provided that if all or a portion of the Secured Loan has been assigned pursuant to Section 7.4(c) below
since the first date of the corresponding Interest Accrual Period, the Loan Agent shall allocate payments in respect of such Secured Loan
to the assignor of such Secured Loan and the assignee of such Secured Loan based on the actual number of days on which such assignor and
assignee were registered, respectively, as the Lender in the Loan Register during such Interest Accrual Period.

Section 2.7 Subordination.

(a) Incorporation
of Subordination Provisions of the Indenture. All Secured Loans incurred pursuant to this Agreement are subject to, and each Lender
hereby consents and agrees to, the subordination and remedy provisions set forth in Article XIII of the Indenture. Article XIII
of the Indenture shall be binding upon each Lender as if such article (and the corresponding defined terms) had been set forth herein
in its entirety.

-5- 

(b) Each
Lender hereby acknowledges and agrees that all of its Secured Loans are subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the
Indenture. Each Lender hereby agrees and acknowledges that its right to any payment shall be subordinate and junior to certain other payment
obligations senior in right of payment as provided in the Priority of Payments (collectively, the "Senior Items"). In
the event that, notwithstanding the provisions of this Agreement and the Indenture, any Lender shall have received any payment or distribution
in respect of its Secured Loans contrary to the provisions of the Indenture or this Agreement, then, unless and until each Senior Item
shall have been paid in full in Cash (or, to the extent permitted under the Indenture other than in Cash), such payment or distribution
shall be received and held in trust for the benefit of, and shall forthwith be paid over and delivered to, the Collateral Trustee, which
shall pay and deliver the same in respect of such Senior Items in accordance with the Indenture. If any such payment or distribution is
made other than in Cash, it shall be held by the Collateral Trustee as part of the Assets and subject in all respects to the provisions
of the Indenture. Each Lender agrees for the benefit of all recipients of Senior Items that such Lender shall not demand, accept, or receive
any payment or distribution in respect of its Secured Loans in violation of the provisions of the Indenture. Nothing in this Section 2.7(b) shall
affect the obligation of the Borrower to pay the Lenders hereunder.

(c) Loan
Agent Entitled to Assume Payment Not Prohibited in Absence of Notice. The Loan Agent shall not at any time be charged with knowledge
of the existence of any facts that would prohibit the making of any payment to or by the Loan Agent unless and until a Trust Officer of
the Loan Agent responsible for the administration of this Agreement has actual knowledge thereof or unless and until the Loan Agent shall
have received and accepted (in its role as Loan Agent) written notice thereof from the Borrower (in the form of an Officer's certificate
reasonably satisfactory to the Loan Agent), the Collateral Trustee, or persons representing themselves to be other holders of Debt and,
prior to the receipt of any such written notice, the Loan Agent, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, shall be entitled in all
respects conclusively to assume that no such fact exists, and the Loan Agent shall have no liability hereunder for any payment made, or
action taken, by it without such knowledge or notice.

Section 2.8 [Reserved].

Section 2.9 [Reserved.]

Section 2.10 Treatment
as Class A-1 Debt. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Class A-1W Loans shall comprise and be a
part of the Class A-1 Debt and, as such, shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Indenture applicable to the Class A-1
Debt, and shall have the rights afforded in the Indenture to the Class A-1 Debt (to the extent applicable to the Class A-1W
Loans).

-6- 

Section 2.11 Conversion.

(a) At
the option of a Converting Lender, on any Business Day (such Business Day, the "Conversion Date") all or a portion of
any Secured Loan held by such Converting Lender may be converted into Class A-1 Notes substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit A-1
to the Indenture in accordance with Section 2.16 of the Indenture upon delivery to the Borrower, the Collateral Trustee, the Loan
Agent, the Portfolio Manager and the Rating Agency of a notice substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto; provided
that each conversion should be in a minimum amount of $250,000; provided, further, that any Class A-1 Notes issued
upon such conversion from Secured Loans into Class A-1 Notes that are not fungible for U.S. federal income tax purposes with the
outstanding Class A-1 Notes will be identified with separate CUSIP numbers; provided further that, if the Secured Loan to
be converted has been assigned since the prior Payment Date (or, if no Payment Date has occurred since the incurrence of such Secured
Loan, the Closing Date or other date of incurrence, as applicable) pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, then the Conversion Date shall
only occur on a Payment Date (after the payment, in accordance with Section 3.4 hereof, of any interest accrued on the portion
of the Secured Loan that has been so converted). The Conversion Date shall be no earlier than the fifth Business Day following the date
such notice is delivered (or such earlier date as may be reasonably agreed to by the Converting Lender, the Loan Agent, the Portfolio
Manager and the Collateral Trustee) and may not be between a Record Date or a Determination Date (whichever is earlier) and a Payment
Date. On the Conversion Date, the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Class A-1 Notes will be increased by the Aggregate Outstanding
Amount of the Secured Loan so converted and the Secured Loan so converted shall cease to be Outstanding and shall be deemed to have been
repaid in full for all purposes under the Indenture and this Agreement. Each Lender hereby acknowledges and agrees to the terms of Section 2.16
of the Indenture and the applicable Exhibit A-1 to the Indenture.

(b) Notwithstanding
anything to contrary herein or in the Indenture, Class A-1 Notes may not be converted into Secured Loans at any time.

(c) The
Borrower and the Converting Lender shall each provide reasonable assistance to the Collateral Trustee and the Loan Agent in connection
with such conversion, including, but not limited to, providing instructions to DTC.

(d) If
the Conversion Date is on a day other than a Payment Date, interest accrued on the Secured Loan so converted since the prior Payment Date
(or, if no Payment Date has occurred since the incurrence of such Secured Loan, the Closing Date or other date of incurrence, as applicable)
will, as of the Conversion Date, be deemed instead to have accrued on the Class A-1 Notes for such time period and accrued interest
on the applicable Secured Loan will no longer be due and owing hereunder. If the Conversion Date is on a Payment Date, interest accrued
on the Secured Loan since the prior Payment Date (or, if no Payment Date has occurred since the incurrence of such Secured Loan, the Closing
Date or other date of incurrence, as applicable) will be paid to the Lenders of the applicable Secured Loan on the related Conversion
Date. Following the Conversion Date, the Class A-1 Notes will accrue interest at the Interest Rate applicable to the Class A-1
Notes, as set forth in the Indenture.

-7- 

(e) Each
Lender may elect, in its sole discretion, to exercise the Conversion Option concurrently with an assignment of all or a portion of its
Secured Loan (an "Assignment/Conversion") such that the effective date of such assignment occurs on the related Conversion
Date and the assignee receives Class A-1 Notes in lieu of becoming a Lender hereunder by way of assignment. Any assignment made in
connection with an Assignment/Conversion shall meet both the requirements for an assignment set forth in Section 7.4(c) and
for conversion set forth in this Section 2.11. Any Lender electing to make an Assignment/Conversion shall deliver to the Collateral
Trustee, the Loan Agent, the Portfolio Manager and the Borrower at least five Business Days prior to the Conversion Date, (i) an
executed Assignment and Assumption Agreement, (ii) a completed notice substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto,
(iii) the assignment fee required to be paid pursuant to Section 7.4(d) hereof and (iv) any other information
reasonably required by the Collateral Trustee or the Loan Agent, including information required under applicable "know your customer"
regulations. The assignee of such Secured Loan shall deliver to the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent, the Portfolio Manager and the
Borrower at least five Business Days prior to the Conversion Date a transferee representation letter substantially in the applicable form
on Exhibit B to the Indenture. Notwithstanding anything in this paragraph to the contrary, if an Assignment/Conversion occurs on
the Closing Date, the required documents described in this paragraph shall be delivered on the Closing Date.

(f) Notwithstanding
anything in this Section 2.11 to the contrary, the Portfolio Manager may, solely in connection with the prepayment of the
Secured Loan from Refinancing Proceeds in accordance with Section 2.3(b) hereof and the applicable provisions of the
Indenture, require the Lenders to exercise the Conversion Option with a Conversion Date selected by the Portfolio Manager that occurs
on or after the date of notice of prepayment delivered in accordance with the terms of the Indenture. Upon any such notice from the Portfolio
Manager, the Lenders hereby agree to exercise the Conversion Option to be effective on the Conversion Date selected by the Portfolio Manager.

Section 2.12 Assignment
of Class A-1W Loans to the Borrower. Any Lender may assign all or a portion of its Class A-1W Loans to the Borrower
in connection with a purchase of the Class A-1 Debt in accordance with, and subject to the conditions set forth in, Section 2.14(b) of
the Indenture. Any Class A-1W Loan that is assigned to the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.11 shall be deemed to
have a principal balance of zero for all purposes hereunder and under the Indenture (except as otherwise provided in the Indenture).

ARTICLE III

CONDITIONS
TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS

Section 3.1 Closing
Date. The obligations of the Initial Lenders to make Secured Loans shall not become effective until the date on which each
of the conditions set forth in this Article III is satisfied, including the receipt by the Collateral Trustee of the following:

(a) Execution
of Indenture and this Agreement. The Indenture and this Agreement are executed and delivered.

(b) Opinions;
Certificates; Rating Letter.

(i) The
Collateral Trustee shall have received the opinions and certificates, and the Borrower shall have received the rating letters specified
in Section 3.1 of the Indenture.

-8- 

(ii) The
Initial Lenders shall have received an Officer's certificate of the Issuer (based solely on the subscription agreements and/or the investor
representation letters submitted to the Issuer by investors in connection with the Closing Date) setting forth that less than 25% of each
class of Notes is held by Benefit Plan Investors on the Closing Date.

ARTICLE IV

COVENANTS,
REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES

Section 4.1 Payment
of Principal and Interest. (a) Principal of and interest on the Secured Loans shall be payable by the Borrower in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the Indenture pursuant to the Priority of Payments.

(b) Amounts
properly withheld under the Code or other Applicable Law or FATCA by any Person from a payment to any Lender shall be considered as having
been paid by the Borrower to such Lender for all purposes of this Agreement.

Section 4.2 Maintenance
of Office or Agency. The Borrower hereby appoints the Bank as the Loan Agent and appoint the Loan Agent as a Paying Agent for
payments on the Secured Loans and to maintain the Loan Register as set forth in Section 7.15. The Borrower will maintain a
Process Agent in New York. The Borrower may at any time and from time to time vary or terminate the appointment of any such agent or appoint
any additional agents for any or all of such purposes and shall give prompt written notice to the Loan Agent, the Rating Agencies and
each Lender of the appointment or termination of any such agent and of the location and any change in the location of any such office
or agency.

Section 4.3 Funds
for Payment. All payments of amounts due and payable with respect to any Secured Loans that are to be made from amounts withdrawn
by the Collateral Trustee from the Payment Account shall be made on behalf of the Borrower by the Loan Agent.

Section 4.4 Existence
of Borrower. Section 7.4 of the Indenture shall be binding upon the Borrower as if such section (and the corresponding
defined terms) had been set forth herein in its entirety.

Section 4.5 Protection
of Assets. Section 7.5 of the Indenture shall be binding upon the Borrower as if such section (and the corresponding defined
terms) had been set forth herein in its entirety.

Section 4.6 Opinions
as to Assets. Section 7.6 of the Indenture shall be binding upon each of the Borrower as if such section (and the corresponding
defined terms) had been set forth herein in its entirety.

Section 4.7 Performance
of Obligations. Section 7.7 of the Indenture shall be binding upon the Borrower as if such section (and the corresponding
defined terms) had been set forth herein in its entirety.

-9- 

Section 4.8 Negative
Covenants. Section 7.8 of the Indenture shall be binding upon the Borrower as if such section (and the corresponding defined
terms) had been set forth herein in its entirety.

Section 4.9 Statement
as to Compliance. Section 7.9 of the Indenture shall be binding upon the Borrower as if such section (and the corresponding
defined terms) had been set forth herein in its entirety.

Section 4.10 Successor
Substituted. Section 7.11 of the Indenture shall be binding upon the Borrower as if such section (and the corresponding
defined terms) had been set forth herein in its entirety.

Section 4.11 No
Other Business. Section 7.12 of the Indenture shall be binding upon the Borrower as if such section (and the corresponding
defined terms) had been set forth herein in its entirety.

Section 4.12 Annual
Rating Review. Section 7.14 of the Indenture shall be binding upon the Borrower as if such section (and the corresponding
defined terms) had been set forth herein in its entirety.

Section 4.13 Calculation
Agent. Section 7.16 of the Indenture shall be binding upon the Borrower as if such section (and the corresponding defined
terms) had been set forth herein in its entirety.

Section 4.14 Certain
Tax Matters. (a) Section 7.17 of the Indenture shall be binding upon the Borrower as if such section (and the corresponding
defined terms) had been set forth herein in its entirety, provided that references to Issuer and Holder shall
be read to mean Borrower and Lender, respectively. Each Lender agrees that, for all tax purposes, it will
treat the Borrower as a corporation and its Secured Loans as debt of the Borrower, and will report all income (or loss) in accordance
with such treatment and not take any action inconsistent with such treatment unless otherwise required by an applicable taxing authority.

(b) Each
Lender acknowledges, represents and agrees to the tax-related provisions set forth in Section 2.5(h) of the Indenture that are
applicable to a Class A Note, provided that references to Issuer and Holder shall be read to mean Borrower
and Lender, respectively, and agrees that the tax-related provisions of Section 2.5(h) of the Indenture are incorporated
by reference mutatis mutandis.

Section 4.15 Objection
to Bankruptcy Proceeding. So long as any Debt is Outstanding, the Borrower shall promptly object to the institution of any
bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, moratorium or liquidation Proceedings, or other Proceedings under Bermuda law, United
States federal or state bankruptcy law or similar laws against it and shall take all necessary or advisable steps to cause the dismissal
of any such proceeding; provided that such obligation shall be subject to the availability of funds therefor under the Priority
of Payments. The costs and expenses (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of counsel to the Borrower) incurred by the Borrower
in connection with their obligations described in the immediately preceding sentence will be payable as Administrative Expenses, subject
to the expense cap in the Priority of Payments.

-10- 

Section 4.16 Sanctions;
Anti-Corruption. None of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, any director, officer,
employee, agent, or affiliate of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, is an individual or entity ("person") that
is, or is owned or controlled by persons that are: (i) the subject of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Department
of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"), the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security
Council, the European Union, HM Treasury or other relevant sanctions authority having actual jurisdiction over such person (collectively,
"Sanctions"), or (ii) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is, or whose government is,
the subject of Sanctions (including Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria).

The
Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers and employees and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, the agents of
the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, are in compliance with all applicable Sanctions and with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977,
as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the "FCPA") and any other applicable anti-corruption law,
in all material respects. The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to promote and
achieve continued compliance with applicable Sanctions, the FCPA and any other applicable anti-corruption laws.

The Borrower will maintain in
effect policies and procedures designed to promote compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries, and their respective directors, officers,
employees, and agents with applicable Sanctions and with the FCPA and any other applicable anti-corruption laws.

The Borrower will not, directly
or indirectly, use the proceeds of the Secured Loans, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary,
joint venture partner or other Person, (i) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or
giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of the FCPA or any other applicable anti-corruption law, or (ii) (A) to
fund any activities or business of or with any Person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is, or whose
government is, the subject of Sanctions, or (B) in any other manner that would result in a violation of Sanctions by any Person (including
any Person participating in the Secured Loans).

Section 4.17 Representations
and Warranties Concerning Assets. Section 7.19 of the Indenture shall be binding upon the Borrower as if such sections
(and the corresponding defined terms) had been set forth herein in their entirety.

ARTICLE V

EVENTS
OF DEFAULT

Section 5.1 Events
of Default. (a) "Event of Default," wherever used herein, means the occurrence of an "Event
of Default" under and as defined in the Indenture (whatever the reason for such Event of Default and whether it shall be voluntary
or involuntary or be effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or
regulation of any administrative or governmental body).

-11- 

(b) Upon
the occurrence of an Event of Default and the acceleration of the Borrowers obligations under the Indenture pursuant to the terms
of Section 5.2 of the Indenture, the unpaid principal amount of the Secured Loans, together with the interest accrued thereon and
all other amounts payable by the Borrower hereunder in respect of the Secured Loans, shall automatically become immediately due and payable
by the Borrower hereunder, subject to and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Indenture, without presentment, demand,
protest or other requirements of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower; provided that upon the rescission
or annulment of the related Event of Default under the Indenture in accordance with the terms thereof, any such acceleration shall automatically
be rescinded and annulled for all purposes hereunder; provided, however, that no such action shall affect any subsequent
Default or Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon. Each Lender agrees and acknowledges that the remedies for an Event
of Default hereunder are governed exclusively by, and subject to the terms and conditions of, the Indenture, and that such rights and
remedies shall be limited to the right of the Class A-1W Lenders, as holders of Class A-1W Loans, following an Event of Default
under the Indenture.

Section 5.2 Remedies.
The rights and remedies following the occurrence of an Event of Default are granted to the Collateral Trustee for the benefit of
the Secured Parties under the Indenture. Each Lender and the Loan Agent agree and acknowledge that the remedies and rights following the
occurrence of an Event of Default hereunder are governed by, and subject to the terms and conditions of, the Indenture. Any waiver or
cure of an Event of Default under the Indenture that is also an Event of Default hereunder shall be deemed to be a waiver or cure, as
applicable, of the corresponding Event of Default under this Agreement.

Section 5.3 Notice.
The Borrower shall provide notice of any Event of Default under this Agreement to the Loan Agent, the Collateral Trustee, the Portfolio
Manager, the Lenders and the Rating Agencies.

ARTICLE VI

THE
COLLATERAL TRUSTEE; LOAN AGENT

Section 6.1 Collateral
Trustee. (a) The Borrower has appointed the Collateral Trustee pursuant to the Indenture and the Borrower has Granted
to the Collateral Trustee a security interest in the Assets for the benefit of the Secured Parties, including the Lenders.

(b) The
rights, protections, benefits, immunities and indemnities afforded to the Collateral Trustee as set forth in the Indenture, including
Article VI thereof shall also apply to the Collateral Trustee under this Agreement, mutatis mutandis; provided that
such rights, protections, benefits, immunities and indemnities shall be in addition to any rights, protections, benefits, immunities and
indemnities provided herein or in any other document to which the Collateral Trustee is a party; provided, further, however that
the foregoing shall not be construed to impose upon the Collateral Trustee when acting under this Agreement, any of the duties or standards
of care (including, without limitation, any duties of a prudent person) of the Collateral Trustee under the Indenture. The Collateral
Trustee undertakes to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically set forth in the Indenture and this Agreement and no
implied covenants or obligations shall be read into the Indenture or this Agreement against the Collateral Trustee.

-12- 

Section 6.2 Appointment
of the Loan Agent; Nature of Duties. (a) Each Lender hereby designates and appoints the Loan Agent as its agent
under the Collateral Documents and each Lender by entering into this Agreement hereby irrevocably authorizes the Loan Agent to act in
accordance with the explicit provisions of the Collateral Documents and to exercise such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto and
perform such duties as are expressly delegated to the Loan Agent, subject to the terms and conditions of the Indenture and the other Collateral
Documents.

(i) The
Loan Agent is authorized and directed to enter into this Agreement and perform and observe its obligations under this Agreement.

(ii) Notwithstanding
any provision to the contrary contained elsewhere in the Collateral Documents, the Loan Agent undertakes to perform such duties and only
such duties expressly set forth in this Agreement. The duties of the Loan Agent shall be mechanical and administrative in nature; the
Loan Agent shall not have by reason of this Agreement or any other Credit Document a fiduciary relationship in respect of any Lender;
and nothing in this Agreement or any other Credit Document, expressed or implied, is intended to or shall be so construed as to impose
upon the Loan Agent any obligations in respect of this Agreement or any other Credit Document except as expressly set forth herein.

(iii) Each
Lender acknowledges and agrees that the Loan Agent shall not have the right and authority to exercise any remedial right and power with
respect to the Assets hereunder, under the Indenture or any other Collateral Documents.

(iv) The
Loan Agent shall not have or be deemed to have any fiduciary relationship with the Collateral Trustee, any Holder, any Lender, the Portfolio
Manager, the Borrower, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into the
Collateral Documents or otherwise exist against the Loan Agent. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence, the use of
the term "agent" in this Agreement is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising
under agency doctrine of any applicable law. Instead, such term is used merely as a matter of market custom and is intended to create
or reflect only an administrative relationship between independent contracting parties.

(v) The
Loan Agent may perform any of its duties hereunder or under the other Credit Documents by or through its officers, directors, agents,
employees or affiliates.

(vi) Upon
the written request of any Lender, the Loan Agent shall provide an electronic copy of the Collateral Documents, the Portfolio Management
Agreement, the Collateral Administration Agreement and any agreements referenced as a supplement to this Agreement or the Indenture that
is in the possession of, or reasonably available to, the Loan Agent.

(vii) The
Loan Agent shall provide to the Borrower and the Portfolio Manager upon reasonable request all reasonably available information (or request
that any Lender provide such information if such information is not reasonably available to the Loan Agent) in the possession of the Loan
Agent and specifically requested by the Borrower or the Portfolio Manager in connection with regulatory matters, including any information
that is necessary or advisable in order for the Borrower or the Portfolio Manager (or its parent or Affiliates) to comply with regulatory
requirements with respect to itself, including, in the case of the Borrower, FATCA and the Bermuda FATCA Legislation. The Loan Agent shall
have no liability for any such disclosure or the accuracy thereof.

-13- 

(b) Neither
the Loan Agent nor any of its officers, directors, agents, employees or affiliates shall be liable for any action taken or omitted by
it under the Collateral Documents or in connection therewith, unless caused by its own willful misconduct, gross negligent action or gross
negligent failure to act.

(c) No
provision of this Agreement shall be construed to relieve the Loan Agent from liability for its own gross negligent action, its own gross
negligent failure to act or its own willful misconduct, except that:

(i) the
Loan Agent shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by a Trust Officer of the Loan Agent, unless it shall be proven
that the Loan Agent was grossly negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts;

(ii) the
Loan Agent shall not be liable with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in accordance with the direction
of the Borrower or the Portfolio Manager in accordance with this Agreement and/or, to the extent permitted under this Agreement, the Lenders,
relating to the time, method and place of exercising any power conferred upon such Loan Agent under this Agreement;

(iii) no
provision of this Agreement shall require the Loan Agent to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in
the performance of any of its duties hereunder, or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers contemplated hereunder, if it shall
have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or indemnity satisfactory to it against such risk or liability is not
reasonably assured to it unless such risk or liability relates to the performance of its ordinary services hereunder; and

(iv) in
no event shall the Loan Agent be liable for special, indirect, punitive or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including
but not limited to lost profits) even if the Loan Agent has been advised of the likelihood of such damages and regardless of the form
of such action.

Whether or not therein expressly so provided,
every provision of this Agreement relating to the conduct or affecting the liability of or affording protection to the Loan Agent shall
be subject to the provisions of this Section 6.2 and Section 6.3.

Section 6.3 Certain
Rights of the Loan Agent. (a) Each of the rights, protections, benefits, immunities and indemnities afforded to
the Collateral Trustee under the Indenture shall also apply to the Loan Agent under this Agreement, mutatis mutandis; provided
that such rights, protections, benefits, immunities and indemnities shall be in addition to any rights, protection, benefits, immunities
and indemnities provided herein or in any other document to which the Loan Agent is a party.

-14- 

(b) Except
as otherwise provided in Section 6.1:

(i) the
Loan Agent may conclusively rely and shall be fully protected in acting or refraining from acting upon any resolution, certificate, statement,
instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, judgment, note, electronic communication or other paper or document
reasonably believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or presented by the proper party or parties. Any electronically
signed document delivered via email from a person purporting to be an Authorized Officer shall be considered signed or executed by such
Authorized Officer on behalf of the applicable Person. The Loan Agent shall have no duty to inquire into or investigate the authenticity
or authorization of any such electronic signature and shall be entitled to conclusively rely on any such electronic signature without
any liability with respect thereto;

(ii) any
request or direction of the Borrower mentioned herein shall be sufficiently evidenced by a Borrower Order;

(iii) whenever
in the administration of this Agreement or the Indenture the Loan Agent shall (i) deem it desirable that a matter be proved or established
prior to taking, suffering or omitting any action hereunder or thereunder, the Loan Agent (unless other evidence be herein specifically
prescribed) may, in the absence of bad faith on its part, rely upon an Officer's certificate or Borrower Order or (ii) be required
to determine the value of any Assets or funds hereunder or the cash flows projected to be received therefrom, the Loan Agent may, in the
absence of bad faith on its part, rely on reports of nationally recognized accountants, investment bankers or other Persons qualified
to provide the information required to make such determination, including nationally recognized dealers in securities of the type being
valued and securities quotation services;

(iv) as
a condition to the taking or omitting of any action by it hereunder, the Loan Agent may consult with counsel and the advice of such counsel
or any Opinion of Counsel shall be full and complete authorization and protection in respect of any action taken or omitted by it hereunder
in good faith and in reliance thereon;

(v) the
Loan Agent shall be under no obligation to exercise or to honor any of the rights or powers vested in it by this Agreement or to institute,
conduct or defend any litigation hereunder or in relation hereto at the request or direction of any Lender pursuant to this Agreement
and the Indenture, unless such Lender shall have provided to the Loan Agent security or indemnity reasonably satisfactory to the Loan
Agent against the costs, expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses) and liabilities which might reasonably be incurred
by it in compliance with such request or direction;

-15- 

(vi) the
Loan Agent shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument,
opinion, electronic communication, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, note or other paper or document, but the Loan Agent,
upon the written direction of a Majority of the Lenders or of a Rating Agency, shall make such further inquiry or investigation into such
facts or matters as shall be directed; provided, however, that if the payment within a reasonable time to the Loan Agent
of the costs, expenses or liabilities likely to be incurred by it in the making of such investigation is, in the opinion of the Loan Agent,
not assured to the Loan Agent by the security afforded to it by the terms of this Agreement, the Loan Agent may require indemnity reasonably
satisfactory to the Loan Agent against such cost, expense or liability as a condition to taking any such action. The reasonable expense
of every such inquiry or investigation shall be paid by the Borrower. The Loan Agent shall be entitled, on reasonable prior notice to
the Borrower and the Portfolio Manager, to examine the books and records relating to the Secured Loans and the Assets, personally or by
agent or attorney, during the Borrowers or the Portfolio Manager's normal business hours; provided that the Loan Agent shall,
and shall cause its agents to, hold in confidence all such information, except (i) to the extent disclosure may be required by law
by any governmental authority and (ii) to the extent that the Loan Agent, in its sole discretion, may determine that such disclosure
is consistent with its obligations hereunder; provided, further, that the Loan Agent may disclose on a confidential basis
any such information to its agents, attorneys and auditors in connection with the performance of its obligations hereunder;

(vii) the
Loan Agent may execute any of the rights, privileges or powers hereunder or perform any duties hereunder either directly or by or through
agents or attorneys; provided that the Loan Agent shall not be responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the part of any
agent or attorney appointed with due care by it;

(viii) the
Loan Agent shall not be liable for any action it takes, suffers or omits to take that it reasonably believes to be authorized or within
its rights or powers or within its discretion hereunder, other than acts or omissions constituting bad faith, willful misconduct or gross
negligence of the Loan Agent's duties hereunder;

(ix) the
permissive rights of the Loan Agent to perform any discretionary act enumerated in this Agreement shall not be treated as a duty and the
Loan Agent shall not be answerable for other than its gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct;

(x) the
Loan Agent shall not be responsible or liable for the actions or omissions of, or any inaccuracies in the records of, any non-Affiliated
custodian, transfer agent, paying agent or calculation agent (other than itself in such capacities), clearing agency, loan syndication,
administrative or similar agent, DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, or for the acts or omissions of the Portfolio Manager or any Borrower,
or any other Person (including compliance with Rule 17g-5 promulgated under the Exchange Act) and without limiting the foregoing,
the Loan Agent shall not be under any obligation to monitor, evaluate or verify compliance by the Portfolio Manager with the terms of
the Indenture or of the Portfolio Management Agreement, or to verify or independently determine the accuracy of information received by
the Loan Agent from the Portfolio Manager (or from any selling institution, agent bank, trustee or similar source) with respect to the
Assets;

(xi) the
Loan Agent shall not be required to give any bond or surety in respect of the execution of this Agreement or the powers granted hereunder;

(xii) in
the event that the Bank is also acting in the capacity of Collateral Trustee or Calculation Agent hereunder, the rights, protections,
immunities and indemnities afforded to the Loan Agent pursuant to this Article VI shall also be afforded to the Bank acting
in such capacities; provided further, however, that the foregoing shall not be construed to impose upon the Loan Agent, any of the duties
or standards of care (including, without limitation, any duties of a prudent person) of the Collateral Trustee;

-16- 

(xiii) the
Loan Agent shall not be responsible for delays or failures in performance resulting from acts beyond its control (such acts include but
are not limited to acts of God, disease, epidemic, pandemic, quarantine, national emergency, strikes, lockouts, riots, acts of war and
interruptions, losses or malfunctions of utilities, computer (hardware or software) or communications services) so long as the Loan Agent
uses commercially reasonable efforts consistent with standards in the banking industry to maintain or resume performance, as applicable;

(xiv) to
the extent any defined term hereunder, or any calculation required to be made or determined by the Loan Agent hereunder, is dependent
upon or defined by reference to GAAP, the Loan Agent shall be entitled to request and receive (and rely upon) instruction from the Borrower
or the accountants identified in an Accountants' Report (and in the absence of its receipt of timely instruction therefrom, shall be entitled
to obtain from an Independent accountant at the expense of the Borrower) as to the application of GAAP in such connection, in any instance;

(xv) the
Loan Agent or its Affiliates are permitted to provide services and to receive additional compensation that could be deemed to be in the
Loan Agent's economic self-interest for (i) serving as investment adviser, administrator, shareholder, servicing agent, custodian
or sub-custodian with respect to certain of the Eligible Investments, (ii) using Affiliates to effect transactions in certain Eligible
Investments and (iii) effecting transactions in certain Eligible Investments; if otherwise qualified, obligations of the Bank or
any of its Affiliates shall qualify as Eligible Investments under the Indenture and hereunder;

(xvi) the
Loan Agent shall not have any obligation to determine: (i) if a Collateral Obligation meets the criteria or eligibility restrictions
imposed by the Indenture or (ii) whether the conditions specified in the definition of "Delivered" have been complied with;

(xvii) nothing
herein shall be construed to impose an obligation on the part of the Loan Agent to recalculate, evaluate, monitor or verify or independently
determine the accuracy of any report, certificate or information received from the Borrower or Portfolio Manager (unless and except to
the extent otherwise expressly set forth herein); and

(xviii) the
Loan Agent shall not be responsible for the preparation, filing, continuation or correctness of financing statements or the validity or
perfection of any Lien or security interest.

(c) the
Loan Agent shall not be deemed to have notice or knowledge of any matter unless a Trust Officer of the Loan Agent responsible for the
administration of this Agreement has actual knowledge thereof or unless written notice thereof is received by the Loan Agent at the Corporate
Trust Office of the Loan Agent and such notice references the Secured Loans, the Lenders, the Borrower or this Agreement. Whenever reference
is made in this Agreement to a Default or an Event of Default such reference shall, insofar as determining any liability on the part of
the Loan Agent is concerned, be construed to refer only to a Default or an Event of Default of which the Loan Agent is deemed to have
knowledge in accordance with this paragraph.

-17- 

Section 6.4 Not
Responsible for Recitals or Borrowing of Secured Loans. The recitals contained herein shall be taken as the statements of the Borrower
and the Loan Agent and the Collateral Trustee assume no responsibility for their correctness. The Loan Agent and the Collateral Trustee
make no representation as to the validity or sufficiency of this Agreement (except as may be made with respect to the validity of the
respective obligations of the Loan Agent and the Collateral Trustee hereunder), the Indenture, the Assets or the Debt. The Loan Agent
and the Collateral Trustee shall not be accountable for the use or application by the Borrower of the Debt or the proceeds thereof or
any amounts paid to the Borrower pursuant to the provisions hereof.

Section 6.5 May Be
a Lender. The Loan Agent or any other agent of the Borrower, in its individual or any other capacity, may become a Lender and
may otherwise deal with the Borrower or any of its respective Affiliates with the same rights it would have if it were not an agent.

Section 6.6 Compensation
and Reimbursement. (a) The Borrower agrees:

(i) to
compensate the Loan Agent for its services as separately agreed between the Borrower (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) and the
Loan Agent;

(ii) except
as otherwise expressly provided herein, to reimburse the Loan Agent (subject to any written agreement between the Borrower and the Loan
Agent) in a timely manner upon its request for all reasonable expenses, disbursements and advances incurred or made by the Loan Agent
in accordance with any provision of this Agreement or other Transaction Documents (including securities transaction charges and the reasonable
compensation and expenses and disbursements of its agents and legal counsel, except any such expense, disbursement or advance as may be
attributable to its gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith); and

(iii) to
indemnify the Loan Agent and its Officers, employees, directors and agents for, and to hold them harmless against, any loss, claim, liability,
damage or expense (including reasonable attorney's fees and costs) incurred without gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith
on their part, arising out of or in connection with acting or serving as Loan Agent under this Agreement or the Indenture or the performance
of their duties hereunder or thereunder, including the costs and expenses of defending themselves (including reasonable attorney's fees
and costs) against any claim or liability in connection with the exercise or performance of any of their powers or duties hereunder and
any other document related hereto or the enforcement of the Borrower's obligations hereunder or under any Transaction Document (whether
brought by or involving any of the Borrower or any third party).

-18- 

(b) All
payments to the Loan Agent are subject to the Priority of Payments. The Loan Agent hereby agrees not to cause the filing of a petition
in bankruptcy against the Borrower for the non-payment to the Loan Agent of any amounts provided by this Agreement or the Indenture, including,
without limitation, this Section 6.6, until at least one year (or if longer the applicable preference period then in effect)
plus one day after the payment in full of all Debt (and any other debt obligations of the Borrower that have been rated upon issuance
by any rating agency at the request of the Borrower). Nothing in this Agreement shall preclude, or be deemed to estop, the Loan Agent
(i) from taking any action prior to the expiration of the aforementioned one year (or, if longer, the applicable preference period
then in effect) plus one day in (A) any case or Proceeding voluntarily filed or commenced by the Borrower or (B) any
involuntary insolvency Proceeding filed or commenced by a Person other than the Loan Agent, or (ii) from commencing against the Borrower,
or any of its properties any legal action which is not a bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, moratorium or liquidation
Proceeding.

(c) The
Loan Agent acknowledges that all payments made to it under this Agreement shall be payable solely out of the Assets and subject to the
Priority of Payments in the Indenture. Any amounts payable to the Loan Agent pursuant to this Agreement shall constitute Administrative
Expenses, payable on each Payment Date only to the extent that funds are available for such purpose in accordance with the Priority of
Payments, and any such amounts not paid on or prior to any Payment Date shall remain outstanding and shall be payable on the next Payment
Date on which funds are available for such purpose pursuant to the Priority of Payments. Following realization of the Assets and distribution
of proceeds in the manner provided in the Priority of Payments in the Indenture, any obligations of the Borrower and any claims of the
Loan Agent for itself and the Lenders against the Borrower shall be extinguished and shall not thereafter revive.

Section 6.7 Loan
Agent Required; Eligibility. There shall at all times be a Loan Agent hereunder which shall be a corporation or banking organization
organized and doing business under the laws of the United States of America or of any state thereof, having a combined capital and surplus
of at least U.S.$200,000,000, subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authority, having a long term issuer rating of
at least "BBB+" by S&P and having an office within the United States. If such corporation or banking association
publishes reports of condition at least annually, pursuant to law or to the requirements of the aforesaid supervising or examining authority,
then for the purposes of this Section 6.7, the combined capital and surplus of such corporation or banking association shall
be deemed to be its combined capital and surplus as set forth in its most recent report of condition so published. If at any time the
Loan Agent shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of this Section 6.7, it shall resign immediately in
the manner and with the effect hereinafter specified in this Article VI.

Section 6.8 Resignation
and Removal of Loan Agent; Appointment of Successor. (a) No resignation or removal of the Loan Agent and no appointment
of a successor agent (the "Successor Agent") pursuant to this Article shall become effective until the acceptance
of appointment by the Successor Agent under Section 6.9. The provisions of Section 6.6 hereof shall survive any
termination of this Agreement, and the resignation or removal of the Loan Agent (to the extent of any fees or indemnified liabilities,
costs, expenses and other amounts arising or incurred prior to, or arising out of actions or omissions occurring prior to such termination,
resignation or removal).

-19- 

(b) The
Loan Agent may resign at any time by giving written notice thereof to the Borrower, the Portfolio Manager, each Lender and the Rating
Agencies not less than 30 days prior to such resignation. If the Loan Agent shall resign, be removed or become incapable of acting, or
if a vacancy shall occur in the office of the Loan Agent for any reason, the Borrower shall promptly appoint a Successor Agent by Borrower
Order, one copy of which shall be delivered to each of the Collateral Trustee, the Successor Agent, each Lender and the Portfolio Manager;
provided, that such Successor Loan Agent shall be appointed only upon the written consent of a Majority of the Lenders. If no Successor
Loan Agent shall have been appointed and an instrument of acceptance by a Successor Loan Agent shall not have been delivered to the Loan
Agent and the Collateral Trustee within 30 days after the giving of such notice of resignation, the resigning or removed Loan
Agent, or any Lender, on behalf of itself and all others similarly situated, may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the
appointment of a Successor Loan Agent satisfying the requirements of Section 6.7.

(c) The
Loan Agent may be removed at any time upon 30 days' notice by Act of a Majority of the Lenders delivered to the Collateral Trustee, the
Loan Agent and the Borrower. If, at any time prior to the payment in full of all Secured Loans, the Bank shall resign or be removed as
Collateral Trustee under the Indenture, such resignation or removal shall be deemed a resignation or removal of the Bank as Loan Agent
hereunder.

(d) If
at any time the Loan Agent shall cease to be eligible under Section 6.7 and shall fail to resign after request therefor by
the Borrower or by any Lender; or the Loan Agent shall become incapable of acting or shall be adjudged as bankrupt or insolvent or a receiver
or liquidator of the Loan Agent or of its property shall be appointed or any public officer shall take charge or control of the Loan Agent
or of its property or affairs for the purpose of rehabilitation, conservation or liquidation then, in any such case (subject to Section 6.8(a)),
(A) the Borrower, by Borrower Order, may remove the Loan Agent, or (B) subject to Section 6.9 of the Indenture,
any Lender may, on behalf of itself and all others similarly situated, petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the removal of
the Loan Agent and the appointment of a Successor Agent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Collateral Trustee resigns, is removed
or becomes incapable of acting and a successor is appointed under the Indenture, such successor will serve as Loan Agent until removed
as provided in this Article VI.

(e) The
Borrower shall give prompt notice of each resignation and each removal of the Loan Agent and each appointment of a Successor Agent to
the Rating Agencies, the Collateral Trustee and to each Lender. Such notice shall include the name of the Successor Agent and the address
of its Corporate Trust Office. If the Borrower fails to provide such notice within ten (10) days after acceptance of appointment
by the Successor Agent, the Successor Agent shall cause such notice to be given at the expense of the Borrower.

Section 6.9 Acceptance
of Appointment by Successor Agent. Every Successor Agent appointed hereunder and qualified under Section 6.7 shall execute,
acknowledge and deliver to the Borrower and the retiring Loan Agent an instrument accepting such appointment and agreeing to be bound
by this Agreement and the Indenture. Upon delivery of the required instruments, the resignation or removal of the retiring Loan Agent
shall become effective and such Successor Agent, without any further act, deed or conveyance, shall become vested with all the rights,
powers, trusts, duties and obligations of the retiring Loan Agent; but, on request of the Borrower or a Majority of the Lenders
or the Successor Agent, such retiring Loan Agent shall, upon payment of its charges then unpaid, execute and deliver an instrument transferring
to such Successor Agent all the rights, powers and trusts of the retiring Loan Agent, and shall duly assign, transfer and deliver to such
Successor Agent all property held by such retiring Loan Agent hereunder. Upon request of any such Successor Agent, each of the Borrower
shall execute any and all instruments for more fully and certainly vesting in and confirming to such Successor Agent all such rights,
powers and trusts.

-20- 

Section 6.10 Merger,
Conversion, Consolidation or Succession to Business of the Loan Agent. Any entity into which the Loan Agent may be merged or
converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any entity resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Loan
Agent shall be a party, or any entity succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate trust business of the Loan Agent, shall
be the Successor Agent hereunder; provided that such entity shall be otherwise qualified and eligible under this Article VI,
without the execution or filing of any document or any further act on the part of any of the parties hereto; provided, further,
that the Loan Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrower, the Portfolio Manager, each Lender, and the Rating Agencies.

Section 6.11 Representations
and Warranties of the Loan Agent. The Loan Agent hereby represents and warrants as follows:

(a) Organization.
The Bank is a national banking association with trust powers, duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the United States
and has the power to conduct its business and affairs as a loan agent.

(b) Authorization;
Binding Obligations. The Bank has the corporate power and authority to perform the duties and obligations of Loan Agent under this
Agreement. The Bank has taken all necessary corporate action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, and
all of the documents required to be executed by the Bank pursuant hereto. Upon execution and delivery by the Bank, this Agreement will
constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Bank enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium and similar laws affecting the rights of creditors and subject to equitable principles (whether
enforcement is sought in a legal or equitable Proceeding).

(c) Eligibility.
The Bank is eligible under Section 6.7 hereof to serve as Loan Agent hereunder.

(d) No
Conflict. Neither the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, (i) is prohibited by, or requires the Bank to obtain any consent, authorization, approval or registration (which
have not already been obtained) under, any law, statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ, injunction or decree that is binding
upon the banking or trust powers of the Bank, or (ii) to its knowledge will violate any provision of, result in any default or acceleration
of any obligations under, result in the creation or imposition of any lien pursuant to, or require any consent under, any material agreement
to which the Bank is a party or by which it is bound that is likely to affect the legality, enforceability against it of this Agreement
or any Transaction Document to which it is a party or its ability (as a matter of law) to perform its obligations under this Agreement
or any other Transaction Document to which the Bank is a party.

-21- 

Section 6.12 USA
PATRIOT Act. Each of the Loan Agent and the Lenders hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA
PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the "PATRIOT Act"), it is required
to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower
and other information that will allow the Loan Agent and the Lenders to identify the Borrower in accordance with the PATRIOT Act.

Section 6.13 Withholding.
If any amount is required to be deducted or withheld from any payment to any Lender, such amount shall reduce the amount otherwise distributable
to such Lender. The Loan Agent is hereby authorized to withhold or deduct from amounts otherwise distributable to any Lender sufficient
funds for the payment of any tax that is legally required to be withheld or deducted (but such authorization shall not prevent the Loan
Agent from contesting any such tax in appropriate Proceedings and legally withholding payment of such tax, pending the outcome of such
Proceedings). The amount of any withholding tax imposed with respect to any Lender shall be treated as cash distributed to such Lender
at the time it is deducted or withheld by the Borrower or the Loan Agent, as applicable, and remitted to the appropriate taxing authority.
If there is a possibility that withholding tax is payable with respect to a distribution, the Loan Agent may in its sole discretion withhold
such amounts in accordance with this Section 6.13. If any Lender wishes to apply for a refund of any such withholding tax,
the Loan Agent shall reasonably cooperate with such Lender in making such claim so long as such Lender agrees to reimburse the Loan Agent
for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred.

Section 6.14 Lack
of Reliance on the Loan Agent. Independently and without reliance upon the Loan Agent, each Lender, to the extent it deems appropriate,
has made and shall continue to make (i) its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs of the Borrower
in connection with the making and the continuance of the Secured Loans and the taking or not taking of any action in connection herewith
and (ii) its own appraisal of the creditworthiness of the Borrower and, except as expressly provided in this Agreement and the other
Credit Documents, the Loan Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility, either initially or on a continuing basis, to provide any
Lenders with any credit or other information with respect thereto, whether coming into its possession before the making of the Secured
Loans or at any time or times thereafter. The Loan Agent shall not be (x) responsible to any Lender (1) for any recital or information
or any representations, warranties or statements of any other party contained herein or in any document, certificate or other writing
delivered in connection herewith or (2) except as otherwise provided herein, for the execution, effectiveness, genuineness, validity,
enforceability, perfection, collectability, priority or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Credit Document or financial condition
of the Borrower or (y) be required to make any inquiry concerning either the performance or observance of any of the terms, provisions
or conditions of this Agreement or any other Credit Document, or the satisfaction of any of the conditions precedent set forth herein
or in any other Credit Document or the financial condition of the Borrower.

-22- 

ARTICLE VII

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 7.1 Payment
of Indemnification, etc. To the extent that the undertaking to indemnify, pay or hold harmless the Loan Agent set forth in Section 6.6
hereof may be unenforceable because it is violative of any law or public policy, the Borrower shall make the maximum contribution
necessary to satisfy the payment of each of the indemnified liabilities which is permissible under Applicable Law, subject to the limitations
and qualifications set forth in the Priority of Payments. Any payments made pursuant to this Section 7.1 shall be made on
the first Payment Date that funds are available for such payments as Administrative Expenses in accordance with the Priority of Payments.
This Section 7.1 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the resignation or removal of the Loan Agent.

Section 7.2 Right
of Setoff. Each Lender hereby waives any right of setoff that the Lender may have against the Borrower in respect of any obligation
arising hereunder.

Section 7.3 Notices.
(a) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall
be in writing and shall be provided in the manner and at its address specified in Schedule 2 hereof (or, in the case of any
Initial Lender, in Schedule 1 hereof), or, in the case of any Lender becoming party hereto after the Closing Date, the related
Assignment Agreement; or, at such other address as shall be designated by any party in a written notice to the other parties hereto. The
Loan Agent shall provide a copy of any notice or written communication received from a Lender to the Collateral Trustee, the Borrower
and the Portfolio Manager.

The Loan Agent will forward
to each Lender each notice received under the Indenture for forwarding to the Lenders.

(b) The
Loan Agent (in each of its capacities) shall have the right to accept and act upon instructions, including funds transfer
instructions ("Instructions") given pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document and delivered
using Electronic Means; provided, however, that the Borrower and the Portfolio Manager, as applicable, shall provide
to the Bank an incumbency certificate listing Authorized Officers with authority to provide such Instructions
and containing specimen signatures of such Authorized Officers, which incumbency certificate shall be amended
by the Borrower and the Portfolio Manager, as applicable, whenever a person is to be added or deleted from the listing.
If the Borrower and the Portfolio Manager, as applicable, elects to give the Bank Instructions using Electronic Means
and the Bank in its discretion elects to act upon such Instructions, the Bank's understanding of such Instructions
shall be deemed controlling. The Borrower and the Portfolio Manager each understands and agrees that the Bank
cannot determine the identity of the actual sender of such Instructions and that the Bank shall conclusively
presume that directions that purport to have been sent by an Authorized Officer listed on the incumbency certificate
provided to the Bank have been sent by such Authorized Officer. The Borrower and the Portfolio Manager shall each
be responsible for ensuring that only Authorized Officers transmit such Instructions to the Bank and that
the Borrower, the Portfolio Manager and all Authorized Officers are solely responsible to safeguard the use and
confidentiality of applicable user and authorization codes, passwords and/or authentication keys upon receipt
by the Borrower and the Portfolio Manager, as applicable. The Bank shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses
arising directly or indirectly from the Bank's reliance upon and compliance with such Instructions notwithstanding
such directions conflict or are inconsistent with a subsequent written instruction. The Borrower and the
Portfolio Manager each agrees: (i) to assume all risks arising out of the use of Electronic Means to submit Instructions
to the Bank, including without limitation the risk of the Bank acting on unauthorized Instructions, and the risk
of interception and misuse by third parties; (ii) that it is fully informed of the protections and risks associated
with the various methods of transmitting Instructions to the Bank and that there may be more secure methods of transmitting
Instructions than the method(s) selected by the Borrower and the Portfolio Manager, as applicable;
(iii) that the security procedures (if any) to be followed in connection with its transmission of Instructions
provide to it a commercially reasonable degree of protection in light of its particular needs and circumstances;
and (iv) to notify the Bank immediately upon learning of any compromise or unauthorized use of the security procedures.
"Electronic Means" shall mean the following communications methods: e-mail, secure electronic
transmission containing applicable authorization codes, passwords and/or authentication keys issued by the Bank,
or another method or system specified by the Bank as available for use in connection with its services hereunder.

-23- 

(c) Notwithstanding
any provision to the contrary contained herein or in any agreement or document related thereto, any report, statement or other information
required to be provided by the Borrower, the Collateral Trustee or the Loan Agent may be provided by providing access to the Collateral
Trustee's website containing such information.

Section 7.4 Benefit
of Agreement. (a) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties hereto
and the respective successors and assigns of the parties hereto to the extent permitted under this Section 7.4; provided
that (i) except as provided in Section 4.10 of this Agreement, the Borrower may not assign or transfer any of
their rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender, the Collateral Trustee, the Portfolio Manager
and the Loan Agent and (ii) except as provided in Section 7.4(c), no Lender may assign or transfer any of its rights
or obligations hereunder.

(b) Each
Lender may at any time grant participations in any of its rights hereunder to one or more commercial banks, insurance companies, funds
or other financial institutions; provided that:

(A) in
the case of any such participation, the participant shall not have any rights under this Agreement or any of the other Credit Documents
(the participant's rights against such Lender in respect of such participation to be those set forth in the agreement executed by such
Lender in favor of the participant relating thereto) and all amounts payable by the Borrower hereunder shall be determined as if such
Lender had not sold such participation; and

(B) no
Lender shall transfer, grant or assign any participation under which the participant shall have rights to approve any amendment to or
waiver of this Agreement or any other Credit Documents except to the extent such amendment or waiver would (x) extend the Stated
Maturity of any Secured Loan in which such participant is participating or waive any prepayment thereof, or reduce the rate or extend
the time of payment of interest or fees thereon (except in connection with a waiver of the applicability of any post-default increase
in interest rates), or reduce the principal amount thereof, (y) release all or substantially all of the Assets (in each case, except
as expressly provided in the Credit Documents), or (z) consent to the assignment or transfer by the Borrower of any of its rights
and obligations under this Agreement (except as provided in Section 4.10 of this Agreement) and with respect to any consent
referred to in this clause (B), notice of such consent is provided to the Loan Agent; and

-24- 

(C) each
participation shall be subject to the related participant making the representations and warranties in Section 7.17 to the
Lender from which it is acquiring its participation.

(c) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, any Lender may assign all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including, such Lender's Secured
Loans) to one or more commercial banks, insurance companies, funds or other financial institutions (including one or more Lenders) (x) if
no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, with the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) and
(y) if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, without the consent of the Borrower; provided that the Borrower
shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment if it does not provide its written objection within 5 calendar days of receiving
a request for consent to a proposed assignment. No assignment pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence to an institution other than
an Affiliate of such Lender or another Lender shall be in an aggregate amount less than (unless the entire outstanding Secured Loan of
the assigning Lender is so assigned) $10,000,000 or result in there being more than five (5) separate Lenders under this Agreement.
No consent of the Borrower shall be required for any assignment by a Lender to (x) an Affiliate of such Lender, (y) another
Lender or (z) to a Section 13 Banking Entity. If any Lender so assigns all or a part of its rights hereunder, any reference
in this Agreement to such assigning Lender shall thereafter refer to such Lender and to the respective assignee to the extent of their
respective interests and the respective assignee shall have, to the extent of such assignment (unless otherwise provided therein), the
same rights, benefits and obligations as it would if it were such assigning Lender.

(d) Each
assignment pursuant to Section 7.4(c) shall be effected by the assigning Lender and the assignee Lender executing an
Assignment Agreement (an "Assignment Agreement"), which Assignment Agreement shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A
(appropriately completed); provided that, in each case, unless otherwise consented to by the Borrower, the Assignment Agreement
shall contain a representation and warranty by the assignee to the Loan Agent and the Borrower that such assignee is an Approved Lender.
In the event of (and at the time of) any such assignment, either the assigning Lender or the assignee Lender shall pay to the Loan Agent
a nonrefundable assignment fee of $3,500. No assignment under clause (c) of this Section 7.4 shall be effective until
recorded by the Loan Agent on the Loan Register pursuant to Section 7.15. To the extent of any assignment pursuant to clause
(c) of this Section 7.4, the assigning Lender shall be relieved of its obligations hereunder with respect to its assigned
Secured Loan or portion thereof. Each Lender and the Borrower agrees to execute such documents (including amendments to this Agreement
and the other Credit Documents (to the extent authorized to do so under such Credit Documents)) as shall be necessary to effect the foregoing.
Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent or prohibit any Lender from pledging its Secured Loans to a Federal Reserve Bank in support of
borrowings made by such Lender from such Federal Reserve Bank.

-25- 

(e) The
Loan Agent shall be permitted to request such evidence reasonably satisfactory to it documenting the identity and/or signature of the
assignor and the assignee, including a medallion signature guarantee.

Section 7.5 No
Waiver; Remedies Cumulative. No failure or delay on the part of the Loan Agent, the Collateral Trustee or any Lender in exercising
any right, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Credit Document and no course of dealing between the Borrower and the Loan
Agent, the Collateral Trustee or any Lender shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right,
power or privilege hereunder or under any other Credit Document preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any
other right, power or privilege hereunder or thereunder. The rights and remedies herein expressly provided are cumulative and not exclusive
of any rights or remedies which the Loan Agent, the Collateral Trustee or any Lender would otherwise have. No notice to or demand on the
Borrower in any case shall entitle the Borrower or any other Person to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances
or constitute a waiver of the rights of the Loan Agent, the Collateral Trustee or the Lenders to any other or further action in any circumstances
without notice or demand.

Section 7.6 Payments
Pro Rata. (a) The Loan Agent agrees that promptly after its receipt of each payment from or on behalf of the Borrower
in respect of any Secured Loans hereunder and pursuant to the Indenture, it shall distribute such payment to each Lender pro rata,
based on its Percentage of the Secured Loans with respect to which such payment was received.

(b) Each
of the Lenders agrees that, if it should receive any amount hereunder (whether by voluntary payment, by realization upon security, by
the exercise of the right of setoff or banker's lien, by counterclaim or cross action, by the enforcement of any right under the Credit
Documents, or otherwise) which is applicable to the payment of the principal of, or interest on, its Secured Loans or fees, of a sum which
with respect to the related sum or sums received by other Lenders is in a greater proportion than the total of such amount then owed and
due to such Lender bears to the total of such amount then owed and due to all of the Lenders immediately prior to such receipt, then such
Lender shall hold such amounts in trust for the applicable Lender and return such amounts to the Loan Agent for distribution to the applicable
Lender as soon as reasonably practicable.

Section 7.7 Governing
Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Venue; Waiver of Jury Trial. (a) THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED
IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

-26- 

(b) EACH
OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY,
TO THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT
COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF
OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND
UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE
OR, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION
OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED
BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT THE LOAN AGENT, THE COLLATERAL TRUSTEE OR ANY LENDER MAY OTHERWISE
HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AGAINST THE BORROWER OR ITS RESPECTIVE PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY
JURISDICTION.

(c) EACH
OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY OBJECTION WHICH IT MAY NOW
OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED
TO IN THE PREVIOUS PARAGRAPH. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE DEFENSE
OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT.

(d) EACH
PARTY (OTHER THAN THE BORROWER, THE COLLATERAL TRUSTEE AND THE LOAN AGENT) TO THIS AGREEMENT IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS
IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 7.3. THE BORROWER IRREVOCABLY
consents to the service of any and all process in any action or Proceeding by the mailing or delivery
of copies of such process to it at the office of the Process Agent. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY
TO THIS AGREEMENT TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW.

(e) EACH
PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT THAT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY
JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY PROCEEDING.

Section 7.8 Counterparts.
This Agreement (and each amendment, modification and waiver in respect of this Agreement) may be executed in any number of counterparts
and by the different parties hereto on separate counterparts (including by electronic mail transmission), each of which when so executed
and delivered shall be deemed an original, and all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be
executed and delivered via electronic mail or other transmission method and may be executed by electronic signature (including, without
limitation, any .pdf file, .jpeg file, or any other electronic or image file, or any "electronic signature" as defined under
E-SIGN or ESRA, which includes any electronic signature provided using Orbit, Adobe Sign, Adobe Fill & Sign, DocuSign, or any
other similar platform identified by the Borrower and reasonably available at no undue burden or expense to the Loan Agent) and any counterpart
so delivered shall be valid, effective and legally binding as if such electronic signatures were handwritten signatures and shall be deemed
to have been duly and validly delivered for all purposes hereunder. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Agreement by electronic
means (including email) will be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.

-27- 

Section 7.9 Effectiveness.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Closing Date upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 3.1 and
the Indenture.

Section 7.10 Headings
Descriptive. The headings of the several sections and subsections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not
in any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision of this Agreement.

Section 7.11 Amendment
or Waiver. (a) This Agreement may not be changed, waived, discharged or terminated (other than (x) pursuant to Section 7.22
or (y) in order to facilitate a Conversion Option in accordance Section 2.11 hereof) unless the consent of the Portfolio
Manager has been obtained and, other than in connection with a Conforming Amendment, the consent of a Majority of the Lenders has been
obtained, and such change, waiver, discharge or termination is in writing signed by the Borrower, the Loan Agent and the Collateral Trustee;
provided that no such change, waiver or termination shall, without the consent of each Lender (provided that such Lender
holds Secured Loans directly affected thereby in the case of the following clause (i)), (i) extend any time fixed for the payment
of any principal of the Secured Loans, or reduce the rate or extend the time of payment of interest (other than as a result of waiving
the applicability of any post-default increase in interest rates) or fees thereon, or reduce the principal amount thereof, or change the
currency of payment thereof, (ii) release all or substantially all of the Assets (in each case, except as expressly provided in the
Credit Documents), (iii) amend, modify or waive any provision of Section 7.6 or clause (a) of this Section 7.11,
(iv) reduce the percentage specified in the definition of Majority, (v) consent to the assignment or transfer by the Borrower
of any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (except as permitted by Section 4.10), (vi) waive any prepayment
required pursuant to Section 2.3(b) or (vii) amend, modify or waive any provision of Section 7.18. For
the avoidance of doubt, no consent of the Lenders shall be required in connection with a Conforming Amendment other than to the extent
required pursuant to Article VIII of the Indenture. Each Lender hereby directs and authorizes the Collateral Trustee and the Loan
Agent to enter into any such Conforming Amendment. Neither the Collateral Trustee nor the Loan Agent shall be obligated to enter into
any amendment or supplement that, as determined by it, adversely affects its duties, obligations, liabilities or protections under the
Credit Documents.

(b) Subject
to Section 2.2(b) hereof and Section 2.13 of the Indenture and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions specified
therein, a Conforming Amendment to this Agreement shall be made for the purpose of facilitating the incurrence of any Additional Loans.

(c) No
amendment may be made to this Agreement that would create an inconsistency with Section 5.1, Article VI or Article VII
of the Indenture unless a contemporaneous and equivalent amendment is made to Section 5.1, Article VI or Article VII, as
applicable, of the Indenture in accordance with the terms thereof.

-28- 

(d) Any
amendment to this Agreement (other than a Conforming Amendment to reflect any changes to the Indenture) that has a material adverse effect
on any Class of Debt shall (x) except as set forth in clause (y), require the consent of a Majority of such Class of Debt
and (y) if such amendment has a material adverse effect on any Class of Debt and is an amendment of the type listed under any
clause of Section 8.2 of the Indenture requiring the consent of 100% of the Holders of such Class, require consent of 100% of such
Holders. Not later than 10 Business Days (or, if in connection with a Refinancing, 5 Business Days) prior to the execution of any proposed
amendment, the Loan Agent, at the request and expense of the Borrower, shall deliver to the Lenders, the Collateral Trustee (who shall
forward to the Holders of the Notes), the Portfolio Manager and the Rating Agencies a copy of such amendment. The Loan Agent and the Collateral
Trustee shall be entitled to receive and shall be fully protected in relying upon an Opinion of Counsel stating that the execution of
such amendment is authorized or permitted by this Agreement and that all conditions precedent thereto have been satisfied. With respect
to any amendment permitted by this Agreement the consent to which is expressly required from all or a Majority of each, or any specified,
Class of Debt materially and adversely affected thereby, the Loan Agent and the Collateral Trustee shall be entitled to receive and
conclusively rely upon an Opinion of Counsel or Officer's certificate of the Portfolio Manager or the Borrower as to whether such amendment
will have a material adverse effect on any Class of Debt. At the cost of the Borrower, the Loan Agent shall provide to the Lenders
and the Rating Agency a copy of the executed amendment after its execution. Any failure of the Loan Agent to deliver such notice, or any
defect therein, shall not in any way impair or affect the validity of any such amendment.

(e) Any
such waiver and any such amendment, supplement or modification pursuant to this Section 7.11 shall apply equally to each of
the Lenders and shall be binding upon the Borrower, the Lenders, the Loan Agent, the Collateral Trustee and all future holders of the
Secured Loans. In the case of any waiver, the Borrower, the Lenders, the Collateral Trustee and the Loan Agent shall be restored to their
former position and rights hereunder and under the other Credit Documents, and any Default or Event of Default waived shall be deemed
to be cured and not continuing, to the extent so provided herein; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or
Event of Default, or impair any right consequent thereon.

(f) Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, Section 2.11 of this Agreement may be removed with the consent of 100% of the Lenders, and
no Class of Notes shall have the right to object or be required to consent to the removal of Section 2.11. Upon the removal
of Section 2.11 in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence, any provision of the Indenture related to Section 2.11,
including, without limitation, Section 2.16 of the Indenture, shall have no further force or effect for the purposes of this Agreement.

Section 7.12 Survival.
All indemnities set forth herein, including in Section 6.6 and Section 7.1 shall survive the termination of this
Agreement, the making and repayment of the Secured Loans and the resignation and/or removal of the Loan Agent and the Collateral
Trustee.

Section 7.13 Domicile
of Lender. Subject to the limitations of Section 7.4, each Lender may assign and carry its Secured Loans at, to or for
the account of any branch office, Subsidiary or Affiliate of such Lender.

-29- 

Section 7.14 Lenders
May Hold Notes. The parties hereto acknowledge that the Lenders may also hold Notes under the Indenture. If a Lender holds Notes
under the Indenture it shall have all rights under the Indenture as a Holder of Notes of the applicable Classes.

Section 7.15 Loan
Register; Participant Register. (a) The Borrower hereby appoints the Loan Agent to maintain the loan register (the
"Loan Register") at one of its offices in the United States on which it shall record the names and addresses of each
Lender, the Initial Loans and any Additional Loans (and assignments, principal amounts and stated interest thereof) made by each such
persons and each repayment in respect of the principal amount of such Secured Loans.

(b) Failure
to make any such recordation, or any error in such recordation shall not affect the Borrowers obligations in respect of such Secured
Loans. With respect to any Lender, the assignment of the rights to the principal of, and interest on, any Secured Loan made by such Lender
shall not be effective until such assignment is recorded on the Loan Register with respect to ownership of such Secured Loan as provided
in this Section 7.15 and prior to such recordation all amounts owing to the assignor with respect to such Secured Loan shall
remain owing to the assignor. The Initial Loans made by the Initial Lenders on the Closing Date shall be registered on the Loan Register
by the Loan Agent. The registration of an assignment of all or part of any Secured Loan shall be recorded on the Loan Register only upon
the acceptance by the Loan Agent of a properly executed and delivered Assignment Agreement pursuant to Section 7.4(d). The
entries in the Loan Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Collateral Trustee and the Loan Agent shall
treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Loan Register as the owner of such Secured Loan for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding
any notice to the contrary.

Upon reasonable request, the
Loan Agent will provide to any Lender evidence that such Lender and its Secured Loans are recorded on the Loan Register.

The Loan Agent will provide
to the Borrower, the Collateral Trustee or the Portfolio Manager a complete list of Lenders (other than a Lender that instructs the Loan
Agent in writing otherwise) at any time upon receipt by the Loan Agent of written notice from the Borrower, the Collateral Trustee or
the Portfolio Manager five (5) Business Days prior.

(c) Each
Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters
the name and address of each participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each participant's interest in Secured Loans
or other obligations under the Credit Documents (the "Participant Register"); provided that no Lender shall have
any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any participant or any information
relating to a participant's interest in any Secured Loans or other obligations under any Credit Document) to any Person except to the
extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Secured Loan or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of
the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender
shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this
Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Loan Agent and Collateral Trustee (in their capacities
as Loan Agent and Collateral Trustee) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register.

-30- 

Section 7.16 Marshalling;
Recapture. None of the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent or any Lender shall be under any obligation to marshal any assets
in favor of the Borrower or any other party or against or in payment of any or all of the Secured Loans. To the extent any Lender receives
any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower, which payment or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent
or preferential, set aside or required to be repaid to the Borrower or the applicable estate, trustee, receiver, custodian or any other
party under any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause, then to the extent of such payment or repayment,
the obligation or part thereof which has been paid, reduced or satisfied by the amount so repaid shall be reinstated by the amount so
repaid and shall be included within the liabilities of the Borrower to such Lender as of the date such initial payment, reduction or satisfaction
occurred.

Section 7.17 Lender
Representations, etc. (a) By executing this Agreement, whether on the date hereof or pursuant to an assignment permitted
hereunder, each Lender represents, warrants and covenants as follows:

(i) It
is a commercial bank, insurance company, fund or other financial institution that is a Qualified Institutional Buyer and a Qualified Purchaser;
provided that it understands that by entering into the transactions contemplated hereby it is making a loan under a commercial
credit facility and that by making the foregoing representation no Lender is characterizing the transactions contemplated herein as the
making of an investment in "securities" as defined in the Securities Act (and each Lender agrees not to assert a claim in contravention
of the foregoing, such as a claim under the federal or state securities law).

(ii) In
connection with its lending under the Secured Loan: (A) none of the Transaction Parties or any of their respective Affiliates is
acting as a fiduciary or financial or investment advisor for it; (B) it is not relying (for purposes of making any investment decision
or otherwise) upon any advice, counsel or representations (whether written or oral) of the Transaction Parties or any of their respective
Affiliates; (C) it has consulted with its own legal, regulatory, tax, business, investment, financial and accounting advisors to
the extent it has deemed necessary and has made its own investment decisions (including decisions regarding the suitability of any transaction
pursuant to this Agreement and the Indenture) based upon its own judgment and upon any advice from such advisors as it has deemed necessary
and not upon any view expressed by the Transaction Parties or any of their respective Affiliates; (D) it has read and understands
this Agreement and the Indenture; and (E) it is a sophisticated investor and is acquiring an interest in such Secured Loan with a
full understanding of all of the terms, conditions and risks thereof, and is capable of and willing to assume those risks.

(iii) (A) 
On each day it is a Lender, (x) if it is, or is acting on behalf of, a Benefit Plan Investor, its acquisition, holding and disposition
of its interest in the Secured Loans do not and will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406
of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code and (y) if it is a governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan which is subject to any
Other Plan Law, its acquisition, holding and disposition of such Secured Loans or interest therein do not and will not constitute or result
in a non-exempt violation of any Other Plan Law. It understands that the representations made in this clause (iii)(A) will be deemed
made on each day from the date of its acquisition through and including the date it disposes of such interest.

-31- 

(B) If
the Lender is a "Benefit Plan Investor", it will be deemed to represent and warrant that (i) none of the Transaction Parties
or any of their affiliates, has provided any investment advice within the meaning of Section 3(21) of ERISA to the Benefit Plan Investor,
or to any fiduciary or other person investing the assets of the Benefit Plan Investor ("Fiduciary") in connection with
its acquisition and holding of its interest in the Secured Loans, and (ii) the Fiduciary is exercising its own independent judgment
in evaluating its extending the Secured Loans.

(C) It
understands that if the Borrower determines that any of the representations, warranties or covenants made by a Lender in paragraphs (A) and
(B) above are false or misleading, such Lender will be required by the Borrower to sell or otherwise transfer its Secured Loans to
an eligible purchaser (selected by the Borrower) at a price to be agreed between the Borrower (exercising its sole discretion) and such
eligible purchaser at the time of sale, subject to the transfer restrictions set out herein and in the Indenture. It understands that
the Borrower shall be entitled to deduct from the sale or transfer price an amount equal to all the expenses and costs incurred and any
loss suffered by the Borrower as a result of such forced transfer and such Lender will receive the balance, if any.

(iv) It
understands that the Borrower has not been registered under the Investment Company Act, and that the Borrower is exempt from registration
as such by virtue of Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act.

Each Lender understands that
the Borrower, the Loan Agent, the Collateral Trustee, the Collateral Administrator, the Portfolio Manager and each of their respective
counsel will rely upon the accuracy and truth of the foregoing representations, and it hereby consents to such reliance.

Section 7.18 No
Petition; Non-Recourse Obligations. (a) The Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent and each Lender or Holder or beneficial
owner of an interest herein hereby covenants and agrees that it shall not institute against, or join any other Person in instituting against,
the Borrower until one year (or if longer, the then applicable preference period) plus one day after all Debt has been paid in
full, any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings, or other similar proceedings under any federal
or state bankruptcy or similar law. The Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent and each Lender or Holder or beneficial owner of an interest
herein acknowledges and agrees that if it files or causes the filing of a petition under Bankruptcy Law or any other similar law against
the Borrower prior to the expiration of the period specified in the preceding sentence, any claim that it has against the Borrower (including
under all Debt of any Class held by it) or with respect to any Collateral Obligations (including any proceeds thereof) will, notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in the Priority of Payments and notwithstanding any objection to, or rescission of, such filing, be fully subordinate
in right of payment to the claims of each Holder or beneficial owner of any Debt that does not seek to cause any such filing with such
subordination being effective until all Debt held by each Holder or beneficial owner that does not seek to cause any such filing is paid
in full in accordance with the Priority of Payments (after giving effect to such subordination). This agreement will constitute a "subordination
agreement" within the meaning of Section 510(a) of the Bankruptcy Code. The Borrower will direct the Collateral Trustee
to segregate payments and take other reasonable steps to effect the foregoing.

-32- 

(b) The
Loan Agent, the Collateral Trustee and each Lender agrees that the obligations of the Borrower under the Secured Loans and this Agreement
are limited recourse obligations of the Borrower, payable solely from the Assets in accordance with the terms of the Credit Documents,
and, following repayment and realization of the Assets and application of the proceeds thereof in accordance with the Indenture, any claims
of the Loan Agent or the Lenders and obligations of the Borrower hereunder shall be extinguished and shall not thereafter revive. No recourse
shall be had for the payment of any amount owing in respect of the Secured Loans against any member, shareholder, owner, employee, officer,
director, manager, advisor, agent or incorporator or organizer of the Borrower or the Portfolio Manager or their respective successors
or assigns for any amounts payable under the Secured Loans, this Agreement or the Indenture. It is understood that the foregoing provisions
of this Section 7.18(b) shall not (i) prevent recourse to the Assets for the sums due or to become due under any
security, instrument or agreement which is part of the Assets or (ii) constitute a waiver, release or discharge of any indebtedness
or obligation evidenced by the Secured Loans until the Assets have been realized, whereupon any outstanding indebtedness or obligation
shall be extinguished and shall not thereafter revive.

(c) This
Section 7.18 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of all amounts payable hereunder.

Section 7.19 Acknowledgment.
The Borrower hereby acknowledges that none of the parties hereto has any fiduciary relationship with or fiduciary duty to the Borrower
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and the relationship between the Collateral Trustee, the Lenders and the Loan Agent on the one
hand, and the Borrower, on the other hand, in connection herewith is solely that of debtor and creditor.

Section 7.20 Limitation
on Suits. No Lender shall have any right to institute any Proceedings, judicial or otherwise, with respect to this Agreement or the
Indenture except as provided in Section 5.8 of the Indenture.

Section 7.21 Unconditional
Rights of Lenders to Receive Principal and Interest. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, the Lenders shall have
the right, which is absolute and unconditional, to receive payment of the principal of and interest on the Secured Loans as such principal
and interest become due and payable in accordance with the Indenture and this Agreement, including the Priority of Payments and Section 2.7(b) and
Section 7.18 hereof, and, subject to the provisions of Section 7.20, to institute proceedings for the enforcement
of any such payment, and such right shall not be impaired without the consent of such Lender.

-33- 

Section 7.22 Termination
of Agreement. Without prejudice to any provision of the Indenture, this Agreement and all rights and obligations hereunder, other
than those expressly specified as surviving the termination of this Agreement and the repayment of the Secured Loans and those set forth
in Section 4.1 of the Indenture with respect to the Lenders, the Secured Loans or the Loan Agent, shall terminate (i) at such
time that all of the Secured Loans are repaid in full in accordance with the terms herein or (ii) upon the final distribution of
all proceeds of any liquidation of the Assets pursuant to Article V of the Indenture.

Section 7.23 Separability.
In case any provision in this Agreement or the Secured Loans shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality,
and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

Section 7.24 [Reserved].

Section 7.25 [Reserved].

Section 7.26 Acknowledgement
Regarding Any Supported QFCs. To the extent that the Credit Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Swap
Contracts or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, "QFC Credit Support" and each such QFC a
"Supported QFC"), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the "U.S. Special Resolution Regimes") in respect of such
Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Credit Documents and any Supported
QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United
States):

(a) In
the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a "Covered Party") becomes subject to a proceeding
under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest
and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such
QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special
Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed
by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party
becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Credit Documents that might otherwise
apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to
no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Credit
Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States.

-34- 

(b) As
used in this Section 7.26, the following terms have the following meanings:

"BHC Act Affiliate"
of a party means an "affiliate" (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such
party.

"Covered Entity"
means any of the following:

(a) a
"covered entity" as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b)

(b) a
"covered bank" as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or

(c) a
"covered FSI" as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b).

"Default Right"
has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as
applicable.

"QFC" has the
meaning assigned to the term "qualified financial contract" in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D).

"Swap Contract"
means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps,
commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options
or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions,
cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency
options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter
into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and
all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, that are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form
of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master
Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a "Master Agreement"),
including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement.

Section 7.27 Acknowledgement
and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Credit Document or in any other
agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial
Institution arising under any Credit Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion
powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by:

(a) the
application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which
may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and

-35- 

(b) the
effects of any Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if applicable:

(i) a
reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability;

(ii) a
conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution,
its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or
other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or
any other Credit Document; or

(iii) the
variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of any EEA Resolution
Authority.

* * *

-36- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first above
written.

KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC,

as Borrower

By: FS KKR Capital Corp., its designated manager

By: /s/ William Goebel

Name: William Goebel

Title: Chief Financial Officer

KKR FSK
CLO 2 LLC

Class A-1W
Credit Agreement

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Loan Agent

By: /s/ Elaine Mah

Name: Elaine Mah

Title: Senior Vice President

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Collateral Trustee

By: /s/ Elaine Mah

Name: Elaine Mah

Title: Senior Vice President

KKR FSK
CLO 2 LLC

Class A-1W Credit Agreement

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first above
written.

WEBSTER BANK, N.A.,

as a Lender

By: /s/ Andrew Schuster

Name: Andrew Schuster

Title: Senior Managing Director

KKR FSK
CLO 2 LLC

Class A-1W Credit Agreement

ANNEX X

DEFINITIONS

Any defined terms used herein shall have the respective
meanings set forth herein.

"Additional
Loans" means any additional Loans incurred in accordance with Section 2.2(b) hereof and Section 2.13 of
the Indenture.

"Affected Financial
Institution" means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution.

"Agreement"
is defined in the preamble.

"Applicable
Law" means, with respect to any Person or matter means any law, rule, regulation, order, decree or other requirement having the
force of law relating to such Person or matter and, where applicable, any interpretation thereof by any Person having jurisdiction with
respect thereto or charged with the administration or interpretation thereof.

"Applicable
Margin" means 1.48%.

"Approved
Lender" means a commercial bank, insurance company, fund or other financial institution that makes each of the representations
set forth in Section 7.17(a).

"Assignment
Agreement" is defined in Section 7.4(d).

"Assignment/Conversion"
is defined in Section 2.11.

"Bail-In
Action" means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of
any liability of an Affected Financial Institution.

"Bail-In
Legislation" means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU
of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation rule or requirement for such
EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United
Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable
in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their
affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings).

"Borrower"
is defined in the preamble.

"Borrower
Order" shall have the meaning assigned to "Issuer Order" or "Issuer Request" in the Indenture; provided
that references therein to "this Indenture" shall be read to mean "the Indenture or this Agreement."

Annex X-1 

"Borrowing"
means the Class A-1W Loans made by all Class A-1W Lenders on the Closing Date in accordance with Section 2.2.

"Borrowing
Request" means an irrevocable notice by electronic mail substantially in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto.

"Calculation
Agent" means the calculation agent under this Agreement and under the other Credit Documents and any successor thereto in such
capacity.

"Cash"
means, such funds denominated in currency of the United States of America as at the time shall be legal tender for payment of all public
and private debts, including funds standing to the credit of an account.

"Class A-1W
Lender" means any of the creditors that are parties to this Agreement and have agreed to make the Class A-1W Loans, including
each Initial Lender and each Person which becomes an assignee pursuant to Section 7.4(c).

"Class A-1W
Loan" is defined in Section 2.1.

"Collateral
Documents" means the Indenture, the Account Agreement and any other agreement, instrument or document executed and delivered
by or on behalf of the Borrower in connection with the foregoing or pursuant to which a lien is granted in accordance with the terms of
the Indenture as security for any of the Secured Loans.

"Collateral
Trustee" means the Bank, in its capacity as collateral trustee under this Agreement, the Indenture and the other Credit Documents,
and any successor thereto in such capacity.

"Conforming
Amendment" means (a) an amendment to this Agreement to make corresponding changes to this Agreement to reflect any changes
to the Indenture effected pursuant to Article VIII of the Indenture and (b) amendments to remove conflicts or inconsistencies
with the Indenture as determined by the Portfolio Manager.

"Conversion Date"
is defined in Section 2.11(a).

"Conversion
Option" means the option of the Converting Lender to convert all or a portion of such Lender's Secured Loan into an equivalent
principal amount of Class A-1 Notes pursuant to Section 2.11 hereof and Section 2.16 of the Indenture.

"Converting Lender"
means the Lender (if any) that has elected to convert all or a portion of its Secured Loan into Class A-1 Notes.

"Credit
Documents" means this Agreement, the Collateral Documents and any other agreement, instrument or document executed and delivered
by or on behalf of the Borrower in connection with the foregoing.

"Debt"
means the Secured Loans and each Class of Notes.

Annex X-2 

"Default"
means any condition or event which constitutes an Event of Default or which with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both would,
unless cured or waived in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture, become an Event of Default.

"Dollar"
or "$" means dollars in lawful currency of the United States of America.

"EEA
Financial Institution" means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country
which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is
a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA
Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to
consolidated supervision with its parent.

"EEA Member Country"
means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.

"EU Bail-In Legislation
Schedule" means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in
effect from time to time.

"Event
of Default" is defined in Section 5.1.

"FCPA"
is defined in Section 4.16.

"GAAP"
means generally accepted accounting principles in effect from time to time in the United States of America.

"Indenture"
means that certain Indenture and Security Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2025, among the Borrower and the Collateral Trustee, as
the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time pursuant to the terms thereof.

"Initial
Lender" means each Class A-1W Lender executing this Agreement on the Closing Date.

"Initial
Loans" means each Class A-1W Loan made on the Closing Date.

"Initial
Principal Amount" means the amount specified on Schedule 1 hereof.

"Lender"
means each Class A-1W Lender.

"Lien"
means, with respect to any asset, any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or
other), or preference, priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including, without
limitation, any conditional sale, sale subject to a repurchase obligation or other title retention agreement relating to such asset).

"Loan
Agent" means the Bank, in its capacity as loan agent for the Lenders under this Agreement and under the other Credit Documents
and any successor thereto in such capacity.

Annex X-3 

"Loan
Register" is defined in Section 7.15.

"Majority"
means (x) when referring to the Lenders, Secured Loans or Class A-1W Loans only, Lenders having Secured Loans representing more
than 50% of the aggregate amount of outstanding Secured Loans at such time and (y) when referring to the Controlling Class or
Debt, the definition set forth in the Indenture.

"OFAC"
is defined in Section 4.16.

"Participant
Register" is defined in Section 7.15.

"Percentage"
of any Lender means, at any time, the percentage which the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Secured Loans of such Lender is of the
Aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Secured Loans (including as modified by an amendment hereto in connection with the borrowing of Additional
Loans pursuant to Section 2.2(b)) and in all cases as changed from time to time as a consequence of Assignment Agreements
pursuant to Section 7.4(c) and as reflected in the Loan Register.

"Person"
is defined in Section 4.16.

"QFC
Credit Support" is defined in Section 7.26.

"Rating
Agency" means S&P, only for so long as any such Rating Agency assigns a rating at the request of the Borrower to the applicable
Secured Loans.

"Resolution Authority"
means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority.

"Sanctions"
is defined in Section 4.16.

"Section 13
Banking Entity" means an entity that is defined as a "banking entity" under the Volcker Rule regulations
(Section __.2(c)).

"Secured
Loan" is defined in Section 2.1.

"Senior
Item" is defined in Section 2.7(b).

"Subsidiary"
means at any time, with respect to any Person (the "parent"), any corporation, association, partnership, limited liability
company or other business entity (a) of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50% of the ordinary
voting power to elect the board of directors, general partner, or comparable body of such corporation, association, limited liability
company or other business entity or, in the case of a partnership, ownership interests representing more than 50% of the interests of
such partnership (irrespective of whether at the time securities or other ownership interests of any other class or classes of such corporation,
association, partnership, limited liability company or other business entity shall or might have voting power solely upon the occurrence
of any contingency) are, at such time owned directly or indirectly by the parent, by one or more Subsidiaries of the parent or by the
parent and one or more Subsidiaries of the parent and (b) which is also required at such time under GAAP to be consolidated with
the parent.

Annex X-4 

"Successor
Agent" is defined in Section 6.8(a).

"Supported
QFC" is defined in Section 7.26.

"Swap
Contract" is defined in Section 7.26.

"UK Financial Institution"
means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom
Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated
by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates
of such credit institutions or investment firms.

"UK Resolution Authority"
means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution.

"United
States" or "U.S." means the United States of America, its 50 States, the District of Columbia and the Commonwealth
of Puerto Rico.

"U.S.
Special Resolution Regime" is defined in Section 7.26.

"Volcker Rule"
means the final Volcker Rule published on December 10, 2013 under Section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Act, as amended from time
to time.

"Write-Down
and Conversion Powers" means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers
of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down
and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers
of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any
UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into
shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect
as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In
Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers.

Annex X-5 

Exhibit A

FORM OF ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT

Reference
is hereby made to that certain class A-1W credit agreement, dated as of March 28, 2025 (as amended, modified or supplemented
from time to time, the "Credit Agreement"), among KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC, a limited liability company organized under
the laws of the State of Delaware, as the borrower (the "Borrower"), the Lenders party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company,
National Association, a national banking association, as loan agent (the "Loan Agent") and as collateral trustee (together
with any successor under the Indenture, the "Collateral Trustee"), relating to the Secured Loans made thereunder and
secured under the Indenture and Security Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2025 (as modified and supplemented and in effect from time
to time, the "Indenture") entered into by the Borrower and the Collateral Trustee. Terms used but not defined herein
have the respective meanings given to such terms in (or incorporated by reference in) the Credit Agreement.

The Assignor named on the signature
pages hereof (the "Assignor") hereby sells and assigns to the Assignee named on the signature pages hereof
(the "Assignee"), and the Assignee hereby purchases and assumes from the Assignor, effective as of the Assignment Date
set forth below, the interests set forth below (the "Assigned Interest") in the Assignor's rights and obligations under
the Credit Agreement, including, without limitation, the interests set forth below in the Secured Loan of (and the outstanding principal
amount specified below of) the Assignor on the Assignment Date. The Assignee hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Credit Agreement
and the Indenture. From and after the Assignment Date (A) the Assignee shall be a party to and be bound by the provisions of the
Credit Agreement and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest, have the rights and obligations of a Lender thereunder and (B) the
Assignor shall, to the extent of the Assigned Interest, relinquish its rights and be released from its obligations under the Credit Agreement.
The Assignor hereby represents and warrants to the Assignee that, as of the Assignment Date, the Assignor owns the Assigned Interest free
and clear of any lien or other encumbrance. The Assignee hereby makes to the Assignor, the Borrower, the Portfolio Manager and the Collateral
Trustee all of the representations and warranties set forth in Article IV of the Credit Agreement. The Assignee hereby represents
and warrants to the Loan Agent and the Borrower that such assignee is an Approved Lender.

A-1 

This Assignment Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance
with, the law of the State of New York.

Legal Name of Assignor:

Legal Name of Assignee:

Assignee's Address for Notices:

Email:

Details of electronic messaging system:

Payment Instructions:

Federal Taxpayer ID No. of Assignee:

Effective
Date of Assignment ("Assignment Date"):

Amount

Assigned (U.S.$) Amount

Retained (U.S.$)

Outstanding Principal 

Amount of Class A-1W Loan: [ ] [ ]

The terms set forth above are hereby agreed
to:

[Name of Assignor], as Assignor [Name of Assignee], as Assignee

By: By: 

Name: Name:

Title: Title:

Consented to by:

KKR
FSK CLO 2 LLC, as Borrower

By: FS KKR Capital Corp., its designated manager

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

cc: U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Loan Agent

A-2 

Exhibit B

FORM OF BORROWING REQUEST

[LENDER]

cc: U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Loan Agent

214
N. Tryon Street, 27th Floor

Charlotte, North Carolina 28202

Attention: Loan Agency KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC

Email: Agency.services@usbank.com; james.hanley1@usbank.com

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference
is hereby made to that certain class A-1W credit agreement, dated as of March 28, 2025 (as amended, modified or supplemented
from time to time, the "Credit Agreement"), among KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC, a limited liability company organized under
the laws of the State of Delaware, as the borrower (the "Borrower"), the Lenders party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company,
National Association, a national banking association, as loan agent (the "Loan Agent") and as collateral trustee (the
"Collateral Trustee"). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings
given such terms in the Credit Agreement.

Pursuant
to Section 2.2 of the Credit Agreement, we hereby request a borrowing for the Class A-1W Loan in the amount of $_________________,
no later than 10:00 a.m. (New York time) on [ ] to the following account:

Wire
Instructions:

Bank Name: U. S. Bank N.A.

ABA #: 091 000 022

Account #: KKR-FSK CLO 2 LLC

Account Name: 167502994814

Reference: KKR-FSK CLO 2 LLC

B-1 

Very truly yours, 

KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC 

By: FS KKR Capital Corp., its designated manager 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Acknowledged by: 

WEBSTER BANK, N.A., 

as Initial Lender 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

B-2 

EXHIBIT C

Form of Conversion Notice

KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC

c/o FS KKR Capital Corp.,

201 Rouse Blvd.

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19112

Attention: William Goebel

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association

Collateral Trustee

8 Greenway Plaza, Suite 1100

Houston, Texas 77046

Attention: Global Corporate Trust KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association,
as Loan Agent

214 N. Tryon Street, 27th Floor

Charlotte, North Carolina 28202

Attention: Loan Agency KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC

FS KKR Capital Corp.

201 Rouse Blvd.

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19112

S&P Global Ratings

55 Water Street, 41st Floor

New York, New York 10041

Reference
is hereby made to the class A-1W credit agreement, dated as of March 28, 2025 among KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC, as borrower,
various financial institutions and other persons which are, or may become, parties thereto as Lenders (the "Lenders")
and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as loan agent and collateral trustee (the "Class A-1W Credit Agreement"),
as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time in accordance with its terms. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein
shall have the meanings given them in the Class A-1W Credit Agreement.

[Pursuant to Section 2.11 of the Class A-1W
Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby provides notice to the Borrower, the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent, the Portfolio Manager
and any Rating Agency that it is exercising the Conversion Option. The undersigned hereby certifies that it holds Aggregate Outstanding
Amount of the Secured Loans in the amount of U.S.$__________ and requests that U.S.$________ of the Secured Loans be converted into Class A-1
Notes on or before [Insert Date].1]2

1 No
earlier than five Business Days after the delivery of the notice (or such later date as may be reasonably agreed to by the Lender, the
Collateral Trustee and the Loan Agent); provided that if the Secured Loans to be so converted have been assigned on any Business Day
subsequent to the immediately prior Payment Date, then the Conversion Date shall only occur on a Payment Date.

2 Insert
for Conversion Option exercise only.

C-1 

[Pursuant to Section 2.11(d) of the
Class A-1W Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby provides notice to the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent, the Portfolio Manager
and the Borrower that they are exercising the Conversion Option in connection with an Assignment/Conversion and that that they are also
concurrently herewith delivering to the Collateral Trustee, the Loan Agent, the Portfolio Manager and the Borrower an executed copy of
an Assignment Agreement. [Insert name of Assignor] hereby certifies that it holds [Aggregate Outstanding Amount] of the Secured
Loans in the amount of U.S.$__________, is assigning U.S.$________ of the Secured Loans to [Insert name of Assignee] (the "Assignee")
and requests that the Aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Secured Loans being assigned be converted into Class A-1 Notes and delivered
to the Assignee as Class A-1 Notes on or before [Insert Date].3]4

The undersigned agrees to provide reasonable assistance
to the Collateral Trustee and the Loan Agent in connection with such [conversion][Assignment/Conversion], including, but not limited to,
providing instructions to DTC.

[Lender][Assignee] DTC Participant No.: _________________________

Name of Custodian: _________________________

Contact Name: _____________________________

Telephone No.: ____________________________

E-mail Address: ___________________________

In order to coordinate the DWAC with Transfer Agent Please contact:
[__________]

[remainder of page intentionally left blank]

3 No
earlier than five Business Days after the delivery of the notice (or such later date as may be reasonably agreed to by the Lender, the
Collateral Trustee and the Loan Agent); provided that, if the Secured Loans to be so converted have been assigned on any Business
Day subsequent to the immediately prior Payment Date, then the Conversion Date shall only occur on a Payment Date.

4 Insert
for Assignment/Conversion.

C-2 

[NAME OF LENDER]

By: 

[[NAME OF ASSIGNEE]

By: ]

C-3 

SCHEDULE 1

INITIAL LENDERS

Notice Information Payment Information Initial Principal

Amount (U.S.$)

Webster Bank

1 Jericho Plaza

Jericho, NY 11753

Primary
Contact:

Name: Sejal Doshi

Telephone: 516-327-7825

Email: participation@websterbank.com

Secondary
Contacts:

Name: Margaret Richards / Victor Chevallier

Telephone: 516-327-6513

Escalation:

Myriam Ferguson

Telephone: 516-327-7704

Email: MyFerguson@websterbank.com Bank Name: Webster Bank

ABA/Routing No.: 221970443

Account Name: Webster Bank

Account No.: 6700100798

Attention: Loan Servicing

Reference: KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC $30,000,000

Schedule 1 

SCHEDULE 2

ADDRESSES FOR NOTICES

(a) If to the Collateral Trustee:

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Collateral
Trustee

8 Greenway Plaza, Suite 1100

Houston, Texas 77046

Attention: Global Corporate Trust KKR FSK CLO
2 LLC

Email: kkr.team@usbank.com

(b) If to the Borrower:

KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC

c/o FS KKR Capital Corp.,

201 Rouse Blvd.

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19112

Attention: Willilam Goebel

Email: FSIC_Team@fsinvestments.com; credit.notices@fsinvestments.com;
portfolio.finance@fsinvestments.com

(c) If to the Portfolio Manager:

FS KKR Capital Corp.

201 Rouse Blvd.

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19112

(d) If to the Loan Agent:

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Loan Agent

214 N. Tryon Street, 27th Floor

Charlotte, North Carolina 28202

Attention: Loan Agency KKR FSK CLO 2 LLC

Email: Agency.services@usbank.com; james.hanley1@usbank.com

Schedule 2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>fsk-20250328.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>fsk-20250328_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>fsk-20250328_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 28, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 28, 2025

Entity File Number 814-00757

Entity Registrant Name FS KKR Capital Corp

Entity Central Index Key 0001422183

Entity Tax Identification Number 26-1630040

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code MD

Entity Address, Address Line One 201 Rouse Boulevard

Entity Address, City or Town Philadelphia

Entity Address, State or Province PA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 19112

City Area Code 215

Local Phone Number 495-1150

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock

Trading Symbol FSK

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://fskkrcapitalcorp.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

fsk-20250328.xsd 
fsk-20250328_lab.xml 
fsk-20250328_pre.xml 
tm2511364d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-031732-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>tm2511364d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001422183 

2025-03-28 
2025-03-28 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001422183 
8-K 
2025-03-28 
FS KKR Capital Corp 
MD 
814-00757 
26-1630040 
201 Rouse Boulevard 
Philadelphia 
PA 
19112 
215 
495-1150 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock 
FSK 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>