<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-001319.txt : 20250108
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-001319.hdr.sgml : 20250108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250108090012
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-001319
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250102
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ALPHA MODUS HOLDINGS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001862463
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PATENT OWNERS & LESSORS [6794]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				863386030
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40775
		FILM NUMBER:		25516701

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20311 CHARTWELL CENTER DR., #1469
		CITY:			CORNELIUS
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28031
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(704) 252-5050

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20311 CHARTWELL CENTER DR., #1469
		CITY:			CORNELIUS
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28031

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Alpha Modus Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20241219

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Insight Acquisition Corp. /DE
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210514
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000186246300018624632025-01-022025-01-020001862463AMOD:ClassCommonStockParValueMember2025-01-022025-01-020001862463AMOD:RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeMember2025-01-022025-01-02iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 2, 2025

ALPHA
MODUS HOLDINGS, INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-40775 86-3386030

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

20311
Chartwell Center Dr., #1469

Cornelius,
NC28031

(Address
of principal executive offices, including zip code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (704)252-5050

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Class
A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share AMOD The
Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC

Redeemable
Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of $11.50 AMODW The
Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01. Entry
into a Material Definitive Agreement.

The
disclosure set forth in Item 5.02 below is incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01.

Item
5.02. Departure
of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On
January 2, 2025, Alpha Modus Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company or Alpha Modus)
appointed Thomas Gallagher as the Chief Revenue Officer of the Company.

Mr.
Gallagher, age 64, is a seasoned technology executive who brings substantial sales and go-to-market leadership experience to Alpha Modus.
Throughout his career, Mr. Gallagher has demonstrated an ability to build high performing teams and grow top line revenue. He has held
senior executive roles with companies like Zones as Senior Vice President of the Services and Solutions (March 2023-January 2025), DXC
as VP Sales for all North and South American Industries (August 2021-January 2023), and Capgemini NA as Chief Sales Officer of Cloud
Infrastructure Services (March 2018-August 2021). Mr. Gallagher has also held senior sales roles with IBM, HP/EDS and AT&T. His extensive
cross industry and growth mentality are key for Alpha Modus next phase of business acceleration. Mr. Gallagher is a graduate of
the United States Naval Academy, with a degree in Systems Engineering, and he served five years in the Marine Corps as a Captain.

In
connection with Mr. Gallaghers appointment as CRO, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Gallagher effective
as of January 2, 2025 (the Gallagher Employment Agreement). The agreement, which has an initial one-year term, provides
that Mr. Gallagher will receive an initial annual base salary of $175,000, as well as $250,000 in Company common stock per year (vesting
and issued on a quarterly basis), valued at the average closing price of the Companys common stock for the 10 trading days prior
to an ending the last trading day of each quarter. Mr. Gallagher is also eligible for an annual performance-based cash and/or stock award
bonus based on performance and the Companys ability to achieve EBITDA and financial goals as determined by the Company, as well
as annual grants of long-term incentive awards under and subject to the terms of the Companys equity or other long-term incentive
plans in effect from time to time. If Mr. Gallaghers employment with the Company is terminated by the Company without cause
(as defined in the agreement) prior to the expiration of the initial one-year term, he will receive severance consisting of one month
of current base salary, payable in a lump sum within 60 days. However, Mr. Gallagher will receive severance, payable in a lump sum within
60 days, in an amount equal to the highest base salary during the prior three years, plus his average annual bonus, if termination of
his employment occurs (i) without cause following a change in control of the Company, (ii) after Mr. Gallagher has resigned
as a result of a material diminution in his authority, duties, or responsibilities, a material reduction in base salary or other compensation
benefits, relocation of more than 50 miles from Mr. Gallaghers then-current place of employment being required by the Board, or
material breach by the Company of the employment agreement, or (iii) after Mr. Gallagher has resigned in connection with a change in
control of the Company as a result of the Companys failure to obtain the assumption of the employment agreement following the
change in control. Mr. Gallaghers right to receive these severance benefits is subject to his providing a release of claims to
the Company and his continued compliance with confidentiality, non-solicitation and other covenants in favor of the Company.

On
January 2, 2025, the Company entered into director agreements (the Director Agreements) with its non-employee members
of the Board of Directors, Gregory Richter, Michael Garel, Scott Wattenberg, and William Ullman, to be considered effective as of closing
of the Companys business combination with Alpha Modus, Corp. (December 13, 2024), pursuant to which the Company generally agreed
to indemnify each of the non-employee directors to the broadest extent permitted by law and agreed to pay each non-employee director
(i) $100,000 in common stock per annum, payable quarterly on the first day of each fiscal quarter and valued based on the closing price
of the Companys common stock on December 13, 2024, and (ii) $25,000 in cash per annum, payable in quarterly installments.

The
forgoing descriptions of the Gallagher Employment Agreement and Director Agreements are qualified in their entirety by the full text
of the Gallagher Employment Agreement and Director Agreements, copies of which are attached hereto as Exhibits 10.1-10.5, and incorporated
herein by reference.

Item
9.01. Financial
Statement and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits.

Incorporated
By Reference

Exhibit
No. Description Form Exhibit Filing
Date

10.1++ Employment Agreement, dated January 1, 2025, by and between Alpha Modus Holdings, Inc. and Thomas Gallagher 

10.2++ Director Agreement, effective as of December 13, 2024, by and between Alpha Modus Holdings, Inc. and Gregory Richter 

10.3++ Director Agreement, effective as of December 13, 2024, by and between Alpha Modus Holdings, Inc. and Michael Garel 

10.4++ Director Agreement, effective as of December 13, 2024, by and between Alpha Modus Holdings, Inc. and Scott Wattenberg 

10.5++ Director Agreement, effective as of December 13, 2024, by and between Alpha Modus Holdings, Inc. and William Ullman 

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

++ Indicates
a management or compensatory plan.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

ALPHA
MODUS HOLDINGS, INC.

Date:
January 8, 2025 By: /s/
William Alessi

Name:
William
Alessi

Title: President
and Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT

This
Employment Agreement (this Agreement) is entered into as of January 1, 2025 (the Effective Date)
by and between Alpha Modus Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) and Thomas Gallagher (the Employee).

RECITALS

A.
The Company desires to obtain the services of Employee under the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

B.
Employee desires to provide his services to the Company upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants contained in this Agreement and other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Employee and the Company hereby covenant and agree as follows:

1.
Defined Terms. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in Exhibit A attached
to this Agreement.

2.
Employment.

(a)
The Company agrees to employ Employee as Chief Revenue Officer, as of the Effective Date and for the period set forth in Section 2(c)
below, unless Employees employment is terminated sooner in accordance with this Agreement.

(b)
Employee accepts employment and agrees to devote his full time and attention to the performance of his duties as determined by the Companys
Chief Executive Officer and the Companys board of directors (the Board) and to operate within the guidelines,
plans and policies as may be established or approved by the Company from time to time. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
during his employment, the Employee shall not serve on the boards of directors of any for-profit entity without the prior consent of
the Company.

(c)
Employee shall commence his duties hereunder as of the Effective Date and continue in the employ of the Company until the first (1st)
anniversary of the Effective Date (the Initial Term) or until his employment is terminated sooner as provided in
this Agreement. Upon expiration of the Initial Term and Renewal Term, this Agreement will be automatically extended by the Company for
additional one (1) year periods (the Renewal Term), unless by providing written notice to Employee not less than
forty-five (45) days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or Renewal Term(s).

(d)
Employees place of employment shall be in New York City Metro area. Employee may also be required to engage in reasonable travel
to other locations on Company business consistent with Employees position.

3.
Compensation.

(a)
The Company shall pay to Employee an annual base salary of $175,000 (Base Salary), which amount shall be prorated
for any partial year and paid in accordance with the Companys payroll practices related to salaried employees. If Employees
employment is terminated as provided herein prior to the expiration of the Initial or the Renewal Term (if applicable), then the Company
shall pay to Employee any amount of Base Salary due to Employee up to and including the date of such termination. Additionally, the Company
shall pay to Employee each year $250,000 of Company common stock (vesting and issued on quarterly basis), valued at the average closing
price of the Companys common stock for the 10 trading days prior to and ending on the last trading day of each quarter.

(b)
Commencing with calendar year 2025, Employee shall be eligible to receive a performance-based cash and/or stock award bonus based on
the Employees personal performance and the Companys ability to achieve certain EBITDA and financial goals, each as determined
by the Company (Annual Bonus). The Company shall have the sole discretion whether to make any such award. Employee
shall only be entitled to receive any Annual Bonus payment if Employee remains an employee in good standing with the Company as of the
date such Annual Bonus is payable.

(c)
Employee will be eligible to receive annual grants of long-term incentive awards under and subject to the terms of the Companys
equity or other long-term incentive plan (including any applicable award agreement) as in effect from time to time. Employee recognizes
and acknowledges that the award of equity compensation is not guaranteed or promised in any way.

4.
Payment or Reimbursement of Expenses. Subject to compliance by Employee with such policies regarding expenses and expense reimbursements
as may be adopted from time to time by the Company, Employee shall be paid or reimbursed for reasonable expenses actually incurred in
connection with the performance of his duties under this Agreement and in the furtherance of the business and affairs of the Company
(which payment shall specifically include a $50 per month cell phone and travel allowance). Any such reimbursement shall be made within
a reasonable period after presentation by Employee of an itemized account of such expenses, accompanied by appropriate receipts satisfactory
to the Company. In no event shall any expense be paid or reimbursed, unless properly accounted for to the extent necessary to substantiate
the Companys federal income tax deduction under the applicable provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
Code), and the regulations promulgated thereunder or any similar state or federal law or regulation.

5.
Additional Benefits.

(a)
Employee shall be eligible to participate in or receive benefits under any employee benefit plan or arrangement now or in the future
made available by the Company generally to its executive employees, subject to and on a basis consistent with the terms, conditions and
overall administration of such plans and arrangements. Nothing in this Agreement shall affect the Companys right to change insurance
carriers and to adopt, amend, terminate, or modify such plans and arrangements from time to time, provided that such changes apply to
all Employee employees generally.

(b)
Employee shall be entitled to take 30 days of paid vacation during each 12-month period. No paid vacation may be carried forward from
one 12-month period to another. The other terms and conditions of such vacation and all other forms of leave, including accrual rates
and payout, shall be as set forth in the Companys vacation and leave policies, as they may exist and be amended from time to time.
Employee shall also be entitled to all paid holidays given by the Company in accordance with the Companys regular paid holiday
policy, as it may exist and be amended from time to time.

6.
Termination. This Agreement and the Companys obligations hereunder shall terminate as provided in Section 2(c) unless
terminated earlier pursuant to this Section 6 as follows:

(a)
In the event of the death or Total Disability of Employee, this Agreement shall automatically terminate as of the date of such death
or Total Disability.

(b)
Employee may terminate his employment at any time upon thirty (30) days advance written notice delivered to the Company.

2

(c)
The Company may terminate Employees employment at any time, effective immediately, with or without Cause.

7.
Severance.

(a)
If the Company terminates Employees employment with the Company
without Cause in accordance with Section 6(c) prior to the expiration of the Initial Term, the Company shall pay Employee a severance
payment an amount equal to one month of Employees Base Salary as in effect on the date of termination, subject to subsections
(c) and (d).

(b)
If during the Term of this Agreement there is a CC Termination, then
the Employee will be entitled to a severance payment (in addition to any other rights and other amounts payable to the Employee under
Company plans in which Employee is a participant, but without duplication for any amounts due to Employee pursuant to Section 7(a)) payable
in a lump sum in cash in an amount equal to the sum of: (i) the Employees Base Salary in effect on date of such CC Termination
(or, if greater, the highest Base Salary in effect during the three year period ending on the date of such CC Termination), and (ii)
the Employees Average Annual Bonus, subject to subsections (c) and (d).

(c)
Any severance payment payable to Employee pursuant to this Section 7 (a Severance Payment) will be made in
a lump sum within sixty (60) days after the date Employees employment is terminated giving rise to such Severance Payment pursuant
to Section 7(a) or (b); provided that Employee executes and delivers the release contemplated by Section 7(d) and such
release becomes effective and irrevocable. If such sixty (60) day period spans two calendar years, the Severance Payment will be made
in the second calendar year. However, if Employee is a specified employee as defined in regulations under Section 409A
of the Code and the Severance Payment constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation that is subject to Section 409A of
the Code, the Severance Payment will be made on the Companys first payroll payment date that is more than six (6) months the Severance
Payment is otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement.

(d)
Employee acknowledges and agrees the Severance Payment to which the Employee is entitled under this Section 7 is conditioned upon
and subject to the Employees executing and delivering the general release of claims in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
B by the 45th day following the Employees separation from service and not revoking the release within the seven (7) days after
executing and delivering the release. If such forty-five (45) day period plus the seven (7) day revocation period spans two calendar
years, the Severance Payment will be paid in the second calendar year. Employees right to the Severance Payment is further conditioned
upon Employees continued compliance with Sections 8-11 of this Agreement. If Employee breaches any of his obligations in
Sections 8-11 of this Agreement, he will immediately return to the Company any portion of the Severance Payment that has been
paid to him pursuant to Section 7.

8.
Covenant Not to Compete.

(a)
During Employees employment with the Company and for an additional period of six months following the termination of Employees
employment with the Company for any reason (the Restricted Period), Employee covenants and agrees that, with respect
to the entire United States of America and Canada (the Restricted Area), Employee shall not, directly or indirectly,
for his own benefit or to the detriment of the Company or any of its Affiliates:

(i)
Compete with the Company in the Business (e.g., through any form of ownership, lending relationship, or as an advisor, principal, investor,
agent, partner, officer, director, manager, employee, employer, independent contractor, consultant, member of any association or otherwise,
whether or not for compensation or gain) by working for, becoming employed by, engaging in, carrying on, or providing services that he
or she performs for the Company to any business involving the Business;

3

(ii)
Own, manage, operate, join or control, or participate in the ownership, management, operation or control of, a business (however structured)
that carries on or engages in any manner in the Business;

(iii)
Perform services of the type he or she performs for the Company for any Person engaged in the Business that is a direct competitor of
the Company, whether as an employee, independent contractor, consultant or otherwise; or

(iv)
Solicit, induce or otherwise contact customers or suppliers of the Company for any purpose or manner detrimental to the Company.

The
parties agree that each of the foregoing prohibitions is intended to constitute a separate restriction. Accordingly, should any such
prohibition be declared invalid or unenforceable, such prohibition shall be deemed severable from and shall not affect the remainder
thereof. The Parties further agree that the foregoing restrictions are reasonable in both time and scope.

(b)
Ownership by Employee, as a passive investment, in the aggregate of less than one percent (1%) of the outstanding equity securities of
any corporation or other entity listed on a national securities exchange or publicly traded on any nationally recognized over-the-counter
market shall not constitute a breach of Section 8(a) of this Agreement.

9.
Confidential Information.

(a)
Employee hereby acknowledges that Employee may be exposed to trade secrets and confidential and proprietary information of the Company
and its Affiliates, including, without limitation, all design drawings, blueprints, plans, designs, calculations, technical specifications,
construction notes or other works of authorship, inventions, writings, information, data, formulas, models, photographs, and design concepts,
and the like, and all other documentation developed for or relating to the Company and its Affiliates and other technical information
(including functional and technical specifications, designs, drawings, analysis, research, processes, procedures, manuals, computer programs,
methods, ideas, Intellectual Property, Intellectual Property Rights, know how and the like), business information (development
and acquisition prospects, reserve reports, materials, plans, accounting and financial information, pricing information, customer and
supplier information, completion studies, expansion or acquisition opportunities, personnel records and the like) and other information
designated as confidential expressly or by the circumstances in which it is provided (Confidential Information).
Confidential Information does not include (i) information already known or independently developed by a third party recipient without
the use of Confidential Information; (ii) information in the public domain through sources free of any confidentiality restriction and
without any wrongful act of the recipient, or (iii) information received by the recipient from another third party who was free to disclose
it.

(b)
Employee hereby agrees, while employed by the Company or at any time thereafter, to keep strictly confidential and not disclose, use,
divulge, publish, or otherwise reveal, directly or through any other Person, any Confidential Information of the Company and its Affiliates,
except as may be necessary for Employee to perform his duties and obligations in conjunction with his employment with the Company. Employee
further agrees that, upon expiration or termination of his employment with the Company for any reason, Employee will not, without the
prior written consent of the Company, take any Confidential Information of the Company or its Affiliates.

4

(c)
All written or electronic materials, records and documents made by Employee or in the possession of Employee during his employment with
the Company concerning the business or affairs of the Company or its Affiliates or otherwise containing Confidential Information, or
other items or property held by or for Employee, but owned or used by the Company or its Affiliates, shall be the sole property of the
Company or its Affiliate, as the case may be, and, upon termination of Employees employment with the Company or upon the request
of the Company or any of its Affiliates, Employee shall promptly deliver all of such materials, records, documents or other items of
property that are then in his possession.

(d)
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, nothing in this Agreement shall (i) prohibit the Employee from making reports of
possible violations of federal law or regulations to any governmental agency or entity in accordance with the provisions of and the
rules promulgated under Section 21F of the Exchange Act or Section 806 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, or of any
other whistleblower protection provisions of state or federal law or regulations, (ii) require notification or prior approval by the
Company of any reporting described in clause (i), or (iii) limit Employees right to receive an award for information reported
to any government agency or entity as described in clause (i).

10.
Non-Solicitation of Employees. During the Restricted Period, Employee will not under any circumstances within the Restricted Area,
without the express written consent of the Company, employ, solicit the employment or engagement of, or assist any other entity in employing
or soliciting the employment or engagement of, any Protected Person (as defined below), recommend the employment or engagement of any
Protected Person to any other business or encourage any Protected Person to terminate his or her employment relationship with the Company
or any of its Affiliates. A Protected Person means any person who was employed by the Company or any of its Affiliates
at or after the Effective Date and prior to the termination of Employees employment with the Company.

11.
Ownership of Inventions and Other Intellectual Property.

(a)
Companys Ownership of Inventions and Other IP: Assignment. All Discovered IP Rights shall be the sole and exclusive property
of the Company without additional compensation to Employee. Employee forever and irrevocably assigns to Company, without any reservation
for royalties or other reservations, and free and clear of all liens, claims and encumbrances of any kind whatsoever, any Discovered
IP Rights. Employee shall disclose promptly to the Company or its nominee any and all Discovered IP. Without in any way limiting the
Companys rights or Employees obligations under the foregoing, to the extent that a work may be deemed a work made
for hire, Employee and the Company agree that such work (regardless of whether such work is created or authored solely by Employee
or is created or authored jointly with, or with the assistance, participation or involvement of one or more other Persons) shall be a
work made for hire and Employee hereby assigns to the Company, without any reservation for royalties or other reservations,
and free and clear of all liens, claims and encumbrances of any kind whatsoever, the entire present and future right, title, claim and
interest in and to all Intellectual Property Rights to such work.

5

(b)
Employees Further Assurances. Whenever requested to do so by the Company, Employee shall execute, without further compensation
to Employee, but at the expense of the Company, any and all applications, assignments, oaths, certifications, declarations, statements,
affidavits or other instruments which the Company shall deem necessary to grant to, vest in or perfect for the Company or its nominee
the right, title, claim and interest in and to the Discovered IP Rights to enable the Company or its nominee to apply for, obtain, procure,
register, maintain, renew, defend and enforce Intellectual Property Rights in and to the Discovered IP, whether in the United States,
Canada or any foreign country, or to otherwise protect Companys or its nominees interest therein. These obligations shall
continue beyond the termination of employment and shall be binding upon Employees assigns, executors, administrators, heirs and
other legal representatives. Employee represents and warrants, and, throughout Employees employment with the Company, continues
to represent and warrant, that Employee has not heretofore assigned, licensed or granted any right, title, claim or interest in and to
the Discovered IP Rights to any other Person or entered into any agreement, commitment or undertaking in conflict with this Agreement;
and that Employee shall never assign, license, or grant any right, title, claim or interest of any kind to the Discovered IP Rights or
enter into any agreement, commitment or undertaking in conflict with this Agreement save and except as expressly authorized by the Company
in writing. Without limiting the Companys rights or Employees obligations under the foregoing, whenever requested to do
so by the Company, Employee shall, without further compensation to Employee, but at the expense of the Company, do the following with
respect to, for, arising out of or related to any of the Discovered IP Rights: (1) cooperate with the Company in the filing, application,
procurement, prosecution, maintenance, enforcement and defense of each and every domestic or foreign patent application or application
for invention or industrial rights (including, without limitation, each and every provisional, original, divisional, continuation or
continuation in part patent application); patent or invention certificate (including, without limitation, any proceedings for the reissue,
reexamination, renewal or extension of a patent); interference proceeding, opposition or cancellation proceeding, priority contest or
public use proceedings; trade secret, trade dress, trademark or other right or benefit; (2) appear before or assist in preparations for
any and all hearings, depositions or other proceedings related to any of the foregoing; and, (3) take such further actions as reasonably
requested by the Company so that the Company enjoys the full extent of the assignment granted under, or other rights arising under, this
Agreement. Employee represents and warrants that Employee shall never disclose to the Company, or use for the benefit of the Company,
any trade secrets or other confidential information learned or obtained from Employees previous employers or other Persons if
such disclosure or use would violate the trade secret rights or other rights of such previous employers or other Persons.

(c)
Employees Indemnification of Company. Employee shall indemnify, defend and hold the Company and its Affiliates, and each
of the foregoings directors, officers, shareholders, members, managers, employees and agents, harmless from any and all claims,
demands, suits, causes of action, damages (including, without limitation, consequential damages), liabilities, losses, costs, expenses
and fees (including reasonable attorneys fee and investigatory fees) for or arising out of or from Employees breach, misrepresentation
or otherwise failure to fully perform, satisfy, comply and observe all of Employees agreements, covenants, representations, warranties,
commitments, obligations or other undertakings arising under this Section 11.

(d)
Employees Assignment of Prior Rights. Employee hereby assigns to the Company any and all Intellectual Property and/or Intellectual
Property Rights related to the operations of the Company that may have inured to Employees benefit prior to the Effective Date.

12.
Non-Disparagement. During his employment and following termination of his employment, whatever the cause, Employee agrees not
to disparage, and to cause Employees Affiliates not to disparage, either orally or in writing, any of the Company or its Affiliates
or the foregoing Persons business, products, services or practices, or any of the Companys or its Affiliates directors,
officers, agents, representatives, stockholders, partners, members, employees, or managers.

13.
Reasonable Limits. Employee acknowledges that the agreement of the Employee not to engage in the activities prohibited herein
for the period of time and in the areas agreed upon herein is a substantial consideration for his employment with the Company. Employee
hereby acknowledges that the above covenants are manifestly reasonable on their face and expressly agrees that they are also reasonable
as to time and territorial scope and otherwise and that same are no greater than is required for the protection of the respective interests
of the parties.

6

14.
Compliance with Section 409A of the Code. The Company and Employee intend that any amounts or benefits payable or provided under
this Agreement comply with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code and the Treasury Regulations relating thereto so as not to subject
Employee to the payment of the tax, interest and any tax penalty which may be imposed under Section 409A; provided, however, that nothing
in this Agreement shall be interpreted or construed to transfer any liability for any tax (including a tax or penalty due as a result
of a failure to comply with Section 409A) from the Employee to the Company or to any other individual or entity. Any payment to the Employee
that is subject to Section 409A and that is contingent on a termination of employment is contingent on a separation from service
within the meaning of Section 409A. Each payment shall be considered to be a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A. The provisions
of this Agreement shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with such intent. In furtherance thereof, to the extent that any provision
hereof would otherwise result in Employee being subject to payment of tax, interest and tax penalty under Section 409A, the Company and
Employee agree to amend this Agreement in a manner that brings this Agreement into compliance with Section 409A and preserve to the maximum
extent possible the economic value of the relevant payment or benefit under this Agreement to Employee. Any taxable reimbursement shall
be paid no later than December 31 of the year after the year in which the expense is incurred and shall comply with Treas. Reg. 
1.409A-3(i)(1)(iv).

15.
No Violation of Third Party Rights. Employee hereby represents, warrants and covenants to the Company that Employee: (a) shall
not, during his employment with the Company, infringe upon or violate any proprietary rights of any third party (including, without limitation,
any third party confidential relationships, patents, copyrights, trade secrets, Intellectual Property or other proprietary rights); (b)
is not a party to any agreement with a third party that prevents him from fulfilling the terms of employment and the obligations of this
Agreement or which would be breached as a result of Employees execution of this Agreement or performance of his employment duties;
and (c) agrees to respect any and all valid obligations which Employee may now have to prior employers or to others relating to confidential
information, inventions or discoveries which are the property of those prior employers or others, as the case may be.

16.
Resignation from All Positions. Upon the termination of the Employees employment with the Company for any reason, Employee
shall be deemed to have resigned, as of the date of such termination, from all positions he then holds as an officer, director, employee
and member of the Board (and any committee thereof) and the boards of all of its subsidiaries.

17.
Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications provided for by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall
be deemed to have been duly given when delivered in person, by nationally recognized overnight courier, or mailed by United States certified
mail, return receipt required, postage prepaid, or sent by electronic mail addressed as follows:

If
to the Company to: Alpha
Modus Holdings, Inc.

20311
Chartwell Center Drive, #1469

Cornelius,
NC 28031

Contact@alphamodus.com

If
to Employee to: 

Thomas
Gallagher

[redacted]

18.
Governing Law. The provisions of this Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the substantive local law of the State of
Delaware, without consideration of the conflicts of law provisions thereof.

19.
Remedies. Each party acknowledges that the other party will have no adequate remedy at law if the first party violates certain
of the terms of this Agreement, and that the other party shall have the right, to the extent permitted by applicable law, in addition
to any other rights or remedies it may have, to obtain from any court of competent jurisdiction, injunctive relief to restrain any breach
or threatened breach hereof or otherwise to specifically enforce the provisions hereof.

7

20.
Waiver. No waiver of any obligation, right or remedy under this Agreement shall be effective, unless such waiver is made in writing,
specifying the terms of this Agreement. Any such waiver by either party of any of its rights or remedies hereunder on any occasion shall
not be a bar to the exercise of the same right or remedy on any subsequent occasion or of the exercise of any other right or remedy at
any time.

21.
Integration and Amendments. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between the parties with respect
to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior agreement or understanding, whether written or oral, relating to such subject matter.
No modification or amendment to this Agreement shall be effective or binding unless in writing, specifying such modification or amendment,
executed by both of the parties hereto.

22.
Severability. If any provision, paragraph or subparagraph of this Agreement is adjudged by any court to be void or unenforceable,
in whole or in part, such an adjudication shall not be deemed to affect the validity of the remainder of the Agreement, and all other
provisions, sections and subsections of this Agreement shall be severable from every other provision, section or subsection and each
constitutes a separate and distinct covenant.

23.
Court Modification for Enforcement. In the event a court determines that any provisions of this Agreement are overbroad, excessive
or unenforceable in any respect including but not limited to the Restricted Period, the Restricted Area, or the nature of the restrictions,
then in such an event the parties agree that the court shall be permitted to modify this Agreement in order to make the restrictions
more narrow and to make this Agreement enforceable in order to provide each party with the maximum restriction or restrictions allowed
by law.

24.
Reimbursement for Expenses. If litigation or other action is commenced between the parties concerning any dispute arising out
of or relating to this Agreement, the prevailing party in the action will be entitled, in addition to any other award that may be made,
to recover all court costs or other official costs and all reasonable expenses associated with the action, including without limitation
reasonable attorneys fees and expenses.

25.
Survival of Certain Provisions. The rights and obligations of Employee and Company under Sections 7-12 of this Agreement
shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement.

26.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall
be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument, respectively. Executed copies
of the signature pages of this Agreement sent by facsimile or transmitted electronically in Portable Document Format (PDF)
shall be treated as originals, fully binding and with full legal force and effect, and the Parties waive any rights they may have to
object to such treatment. Any party delivering an executed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or PDF also may deliver a manually
executed counterpart of this Agreement, but the failure to deliver a manually executed counterpart shall not affect the validity, enforceability,
and binding effect of this Agreement.

(Signature
Page Follows)

8

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Employment Agreement effective as of the Effective Date above.

Alpha Modus Holdings, Inc.

By: /s/
William Alessi

William
Alessi

President
and Chief Executive Officer

EMPLOYEE:

/s/
Thomas Gallagher

Name: Thomas
Gallagher

EXHIBIT
A

DEFINED TERMS

The
following terms, as used in this Agreement and in any correspondence or other communications between the parties in performing or in
connection with this Agreement, shall have the meaning ascribed as follows:

(a)
Affiliates means with respect to any Person, (a) any Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or
under common control with such Person; (b) any Person owning or controlling fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding voting securities
or interests of such Person; (c) any officer, director, member, manager, trustee or (limited or general) partner of such Person or of
any Person specified in (a) or (b) above; and (d) any Person in which any officer, director, member, manager, trustee or (limited or
general) partner of any Person specified in (c) above is an officer, director, member, manager, trustee, or (limited or general) partner.
For purposes of this definition, control (including, with correlative meaning, controlled by and under common control with)
of a Person means the direct or indirect possession of the power to direct or cause the direction of management or policies of such Person
through any means.

(b)
Average Annual Bonus means (a) if the CC Termination occurs before the Annual Bonus is paid for the Employees
first year of employment, 110% of the Employees Base Salary as in effect on the Effective Date, or (b) otherwise, the average
Annual Bonus paid pursuant to Section 3(b) for the preceding three years (or such lesser number of years as the Employee may have
been employed).

(c)
Business means the business of Alpha Modus Holdings, Inc. and all activities related thereto.

(d)
Cause, shall mean by reason of such Employees: (A) conviction of, or plea of nolo contendere to,
any felony or to any crime or offense causing substantial harm to the Company or its Affiliates or involving acts of theft, fraud,
dishonesty, embezzlement, moral turpitude, or similar conduct, (B) repeated intoxication by alcohol or drugs during the performance
of such Employees duties in a manner that materially and adversely affects the Employees performance of such duties,
(C) malfeasance, in the conduct of such Employees duties, including, but not limited to, (1) misuse or diversion of funds of
the Company or its Affiliates, (2) embezzlement, or (3) misrepresentations or concealments on any written reports submitted to or on
behalf of the Company or its Affiliates, (D) violation of any provision of this Agreement, or (E) failure to perform the duties of
such Employees employment or service relationship with the Company or its Affiliates after the Employee shall have been
informed, in writing, of such material failure and given a period of not less than 30 days to remedy the same, or (F) failure to
follow or comply with the reasonable and lawful written directives or policies of the Company or any Affiliate of the Company by
which such Employee is employed or in a service relationship with.

(e)
CC Termination means any of the following: (a) the Employees employment is terminated by the Company without
Cause following a Change of Control; (b) the Employee resigns as a result of a material diminution in the Employees authority,
duties, or responsibilities, a material reduction in the Employees then current Base Salary or a material reduction in the Employees
then current benefits as provided in Sections 3-4, a relocation of more than 50 miles from the Employees then current place
of employment being required by the Company, or a material breach by the Company under this Agreement; or (c) the Employee resigns in
connection with a Change in Control as a result of the Companys failure to obtain the assumption of this Agreement, without limitation
or reduction, by any successor to the Company or any parent corporation of the Company.

(f)
Change in Control shall mean that any one of the following applies:

(i)
The acquisition by any Person of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)) of 40% or more of the combined voting power of the then-outstanding voting
securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the Outstanding Company Voting Securities).
For purposes of this paragraph (i) the following acquisitions by a Person will not constitute a Change in Control: (A) any acquisition
directly from the Company; (B) any acquisition by the Company; or (C) any acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust)
sponsored or maintained by the Company or any entity controlled by the Company.

(ii)
If Thomas Gallagher ceases to be an officer or director of the Company.

(iii)
The consummation of a reorganization, merger, consolidation or sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of
the Company (a Business Combination), unless following such Business Combination: (i) the individuals and entities
who were the beneficial owners, respectively, of the outstanding common stock of the Company and Outstanding Company Voting Securities
immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 60% of, respectively, the then-outstanding
shares of common stock and the combined voting power of the then-outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election
of directors, as the case may be, of the entity resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a corporation
that as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Companys assets either directly or through
one or more subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions to one another as their ownership, immediately prior to such Business
Combination of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities, as the case may be, (ii) no Person (excluding
any entity resulting from such Business Combination or any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the Company or such entity resulting
from such Business Combination) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 40% or more of, respectively, the then-outstanding shares
of common stock of the entity resulting from such Business Combination or the combined voting power of the then-outstanding voting securities
of such entity except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination and (iii) at least a majority of the
members of the Board of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the
execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board, providing for such Business Combination; or

(iv)
The approval by the stockholders of the Company of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company.

(g)
Discover means create, invent, originate, author, devise, engineer, formulate, develop, prototype, improve, compile,
design, conceive, reduce to practice, discover, make, produce, generate or otherwise identify or document; and, other grammatical forms
of the term Discover shall have the grammatical meaning of such form (for example, but not in limitation, Discovered
means created, invented, etc., and Discovery means creation, invention, etc.).

(h)
Discovered IP means the Intellectual Property in any way Discovered by Employee (regardless of whether such Discovery
is made solely by Employee or is made jointly with, or with the assistance, participation or involvement of one or more other Persons)
wherein such Discovery occurs during, in conjunction with, in relation to or preparatory to, or otherwise arises out of, Employees
course and scope of employment with Company (regardless of whether or not such Discovery occurs or otherwise arises with or without the
use or benefit of Companys equipment, facilities or other resources; and, further, regardless of whether or not such Discovery
occurs or arises during company time, Employees free or personal time or otherwise).

(i)
Discovered IP Rights means the Intellectual Property Rights for the Discovered IP.

(j)
Intellectual Property means, whether or not patentable, each and all of the following: ideas, inventions, concepts,
developments, improvements, discoveries, designs, compounds, substances or other materials, formulations, compilations, designs, applets,
scripts, databases, or other computer programs, firmware or software, manuals, documentation, test procedures or techniques, training
materials, systems materials, other materials, reports, creations, other works of authorship, machines, apparatus, technology, prototypes,
confidential information, know-how, show-how, trade secrets, methods (whether technological, business or otherwise), processes, marks,
symbols, slogans, emblems, business plans and strategies or other proprietary things or information.

(k)
Intellectual Property Rights means all worldwide rights (including, without limitation, all rights to, and to apply
for, register, own, license and otherwise exploit, as well as all rights to any now or hereinafter pending applications for, issued,
registered, registrations for, or otherwise existing, United States or foreign patents, industrial rights, invention certificates, copyrights,
rights of authorship, trademarks, service marks, trade names, trade dress, trade secrets or other proprietary or intellectual property
rights) in and to the Intellectual Property; and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the term Intellectual Property
Rights also includes all present or future applied for, claimed, pending, registered or issued United States or foreign patents
and all applications therefor, including, without limitation, all original, provisional, divisions, continuations, continuations-in-part
and continued prosecution applications and, including, without limitation, all reissues or extensions thereof.

(l)
Person means and includes any individual, corporation, partnership, association, limited liability company, trust,
estate, joint venture, or other entity.

(m)
Total Disability or Totally Disabled with respect to Employee, means he is unable to perform,
on a full-time basis the regular activities of his employment for a period of (i) six (6) consecutive months or (ii) a total of 26 weeks
during any period of 12 consecutive months; provided that authorized vacations or other leaves of absence shall not be counted. The date
of Total Disability shall be the date on which the earlier of the requirements stated in (i) or (ii) of this definition are satisfied.

EXHIBIT
B

FORM OF RELEASE

This
Release (this Release) is made effective as of (the Effective Date), by Thomas Gallagher (Employee).

RECITALS

A.
Employee and Alpha Modus Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) are parties to that certain Employment
Agreement, dated effective as of [___________], 20 (the Employment Agreement).

B.
This Release is delivered pursuant to Section 7(c) of the Employment Agreement.

C.
Employee acknowledges that the execution and delivery of this Release is a condition to receiving the Severance Payment pursuant to Section
7 of the Employment Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are
hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound, in order to induce Purchaser to consummate the transactions contemplated by the
Purchase Agreement, Seller and Members hereby agree as follows:

Section
1 Terms. Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined shall have their respective meanings set forth in the Employment
Agreement.

Section
2 Releases.

(a)
Employee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally releases, acquits and forever discharges the Company and its Affiliates and their
respective officers, directors, members, managers, successors and assigns (the Released Parties) from any and
all claims, demands, proceedings, causes of action, orders, obligations, debts and liabilities whether known or unknown, suspected
or unsuspected, both at law and in equity, which Employee now has or has ever had against the Released Parties arising on or prior
to the Effective Date, whether pursuant to contract or otherwise and whether or not relating to claims pending on, or asserted
after, the Effective Date, including, but not limited to any and all claims arising out of or related to Employees employment
with the Company, including any alleged violation under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, 29 U.S.C. 621 et
seq., Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, 42 U.S.C. 2000(e) et seq.; the Civil Rights Act of
1866, as amended by the Civil Rights Act of 1991,42 U.S.C. 1981,; the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended; Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (except for vested benefits under any tax qualified benefit plan), as amended, 29 U.S.C.
1001 et seq.; the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.; the Family and
Medical Leave Act of 1993, 29 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.; the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008, the Equal
Pay Act; Executive Order 11246; Executive Order 11141; and any other statutory claim, employment or other contract claim, or common
or civil law claim for wrongful discharge, defamation, or invasion of privacy arising out of or in any way connected with or
involving any employment relationship of Employee with any Released Party, the termination or resignation of Employees
employment with any Released Party, or any continuing effects of his employment with any Released Party, including, but not limited
to, any claim for severance pay other than Severance Pay required pursuant to Section 7 of the Employment Agreement, bonus, salary,
sick leave, holiday pay, vacation pay, life insurance, health or medical insurance or any other fringe benefit, workers
compensation, or disability.

(b)(1)
Employee acknowledges that the Company is not obligated to provide the Severance Payment pursuant to Section 7 of the Employment Agreement
and that the Company has agreed to provide such consideration in exchange for the Release. Employee further acknowledges that neither
payment by the Company of the Severance Payment, nor any term or condition contained in the Release or the Employment Agreement, shall
be construed as an admission of liability or wrongdoing by the Company.

(2)
Employee acknowledges that he was given a period of forty-five (45) days to consider and execute the Release. Further, Employee acknowledges
that he has a right to revoke this Release within a period of seven (7) days following his signing the Release. Employee also understands
that the Release shall not become effective or enforceable until the sevenday period has ended and he has not revoked the Release.

(3)
Employee understands that if he does not sign the Release within forty-five (45) days, or if he revokes the Agreement within the seven
(7) day revocation period, he will not receive the Severance Payment.

Section
3 Representations and Warranties. Employee represents and warrants to the Released Parties that he has not assigned or otherwise
transferred any right or interest in any claims released pursuant to Section 2 hereof. Employee also represents that he has read and
fully understands the Release and acknowledges that he had the right and full opportunity to review this Release with an attorney of
his choice and was encouraged to do so. Employee further represents has signed this Release freely and voluntarily, with full knowledge
that he is waiving all claims against the Company through the date of this Release.

Section
4 Covenants. Employee hereby irrevocably and perpetually covenants as follows:

(a)
Employee will refrain from, directly or indirectly, asserting any claims released pursuant to Section 2 hereof, or commencing, instituting
or causing to be commenced, any proceeding of any kind against the Released Parties, based upon any matter purported to be released hereby.

(b)
Employee will not assign or transfer any right or interest in any claims released pursuant to Section 2 hereof.

Section
5 Miscellaneous.

(a)
The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Release shall not affect the other provisions hereof, and this Release shall
be construed in all respects as if such invalid or unenforceable provisions were omitted.

(b)
This Release shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to any applicable
principles of conflicts of law.

(c)
This Release shall not be amended or modified except by a written instrument duly executed by Employee and the Company.

(d)
Captions and headings of the sections and paragraphs of this Release are intended solely for convenience and no provision of this Release
is to be construed by reference to the caption or heading of any section or paragraph.

(e)
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, nothing in this Release shall (i) prohibit the Employee from making reports of possible
violations of federal law or regulations to any governmental agency or entity in accordance with the provisions of and the rules promulgated
under Section 21F of the Exchange Act or Section 806 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, or of any other whistleblower protection
provisions of state or federal law or regulations, (ii) require notification or prior approval by the Company of any reporting described
in clause (i), or (iii) limit Employees right to receive an award for information reported to any government agency or entity
as described in clause (i).

(Signature
Page Follows)

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed and delivered this Release effective as of the Effective Date above.

EMPLOYEE: 

Thomas
Gallagher
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

DIRECTOR
AGREEMENT

THIS
DIRECTOR AGREEMENT (the Agreement) is made effective as of the 7th day of October, 2024, and is by and
between Alpha Modus Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation formerly known as Insight Acquisition Corp. (hereinafter referred to as the
Company), and Greg Richter (hereinafter referred to as the Director).

WHEREAS,
it is essential to the Company to retain and attract as directors the most capable persons available to serve on the board of directors
of the Company (the Board).

WHEREAS,
the Board believes that Director possesses the necessary qualifications and abilities to serve as a director of the Company and desires
to appoint the Director to fill an existing vacancy on the Board and to perform the duties of an Director.

WHEREAS
the Director desires to be so appointed for such position and to perform the duties required of such position in accordance with
the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration for the above recited promises and the mutual promises contained herein, the adequacy and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Director hereby agree as follows:

1.
DUTIES.

a.
The Director will serve as a director of the Company and perform all duties as a director of the Company, including without
limitation (a) attending meetings of the Board, likely to occur quarterly on an in-person basis or more frequently by telephone and
(b) serving, if requested, on one or more committees of the Board (each a Committee) and attending meetings of each
Committee of which Director is a member. In fulfilling his responsibilities as a director of the Company, Director agrees that he
shall act honestly and in good faith with a view to the best interests of the Company and exercise the care, diligence and skill
that a reasonably prudent person would exercise in comparable circumstances.

b.
The Director will perform such duties described herein in accordance with the applicable laws and rules and regulations pertaining
to the Directors performance hereunder.

c.
The Director will at all times act as a fiduciary in the service and best interests of the Company and its stockholders. In
addition, the Director agrees to (i) provide, as reasonably and timely requested, all information regarding himself or herself as
the Company requires to satisfy its disclosure obligations under applicable securities laws; (ii) timely file with the Securities
and Exchange Commission all reports and schedules required of the Director in his or her personal capacity by virtue of his or her
relationship with the Company (e.g. Forms 3, 4 and 5 as contemplated by Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934),
provided that the Company shall prepare, at its expense, such reports and schedules for the review of the Director and, following
review and approval by the Director and his advisors, file such reports and schedules.

2.
[RESERVED].

3.
TERM. The term of this Agreement (the Directorship Term) shall commence as of the date of the Directors
appointment by the Board of Directors of the Company and shall continue until the next annual meeting of the stockholders, or until the
Directors removal or resignation.

4. COMPENSATION.
For all services to be rendered by the Director in any capacity hereunder, the Company and Director agree as follows:

a.
For all services rendered by Director pursuant to this Agreement, the Company agrees to pay the Director shares of Company common
stock equivalent to a payment of $100,000 per annum, payable quarterly on the first day of each fiscal quarter beginning July 1,
2024, valued based on the closing price listed on the NASDAQ Exchange as of the date of closing of the business combination with
Alpha Modus, Corp. Such stock will be considered restricted stock under the Securities Act of 1933, and Rule 144 promulgated
thereunder. In addition, the Company agrees to pay the Director a $25,000 per annum additional fee for serving on two (2) board
Committees (the Audit Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee). For clarity, total annual compensation
payable to the Director in common stock of the Company shall equal $125,000.

b.
NO OTHER BENEFITS OR COMPENSATION. Director acknowledges and agrees that he/she is not granted and is not entitled to any other
benefits or compensation from the Company for the services provided under this Agreement.

c.
POTENTIAL FUTURE INCREASES IN COMPENSATION. The Directors compensation shall be increased by (i) $25,000 per annum upon
the Companys achievement of each $5.0 million increase in revenue over a 12 month period. Upon the achievement of each revenue
increase milestone above, the Director may elect to receive up to 50% of total annual compensation in cash.

5. EXPENSES.
In addition to the compensation provided in paragraph 4, the Company will reimburse in cash the Director for reasonable travel costs
associated with attending four Board of Director meetings each year, as well as other pre-approved reasonable business related
expenses incurred in good faith in the performance of the Directors duties for the Company. Such payments shall be made
promptly by the Company upon submission by the Director of a signed statement itemizing the expenses incurred. Such statement shall
be accompanied by sufficient documentary matter to support the expenditures.

6.LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. In no event shall the Director be individually liable or have personal recourse to the Company or its stockholders for any damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a Director of the Company, unless Directors act or failure to act involves intentional gross misconduct, fraud, criminal acts or a knowing violation of law.

2

7. D&O
INSURANCE. The Company will maintain a policy or policies of Director and Officer (D&O) liability insurance, and the
Director acknowledges this fact. Upon the Companys receipt of D&O liability insurance coverage, the Director shall be
included as an additional insured under such D&O insurance policy.

8.
DIRECTOR COVENANTS:

a. Unauthorized
Disclosure. The Director agrees and understands that in the Directors position with the Company, the Director will
have, has been and will be exposed to and receive information relating to the confidential affairs of the Company, including, but
not limited to, technical information, business and marketing plans, strategies, customer information, other information concerning
the Companys products, promotions, pricing, sourcing, development, financing, expansion plans, business policies and
practices, and other forms of information considered by the Company to be confidential and in the nature of trade secrets. The
Director agrees that during the Directorship Term and thereafter, the Director will keep such information confidential and will not
disclose such information, either directly or indirectly, to any third person or entity without the prior written consent of the
Company, or use such information for his or her own benefit or for the benefit of any third person; provided, however,
that the Director may, after giving prior notice to the Company to the extent practicable under the circumstances, disclose such
information to the extent required by applicable laws or governmental regulations or judicial or regulatory process. Upon
termination of the Directorship Term, the Director will promptly return to the Company and/or destroy at the Companys
direction all property, notes, memoranda, writings, lists, files, reports, customer lists, correspondence, technical data, other
product or document, and any summary or compilation of the foregoing, in whatever form, including, without limitation, in electronic
form, which has been produced by, received by or otherwise submitted to the Director in the course or otherwise as a result of the
Directors position with the Company during or prior to the Directorship Term.

b.
[Reserved].

c.
Insider Trading Guidelines. Director agrees to comply with any policies adopted by the Company that are applicable to directors,
such as an Insider Trading Policy approved by the Companys Board of Directors.

d. Remedies.
The Director agrees that any breach of the terms of this Section 8 would result in irreparable injury and damage to the Company for
which the Company would have no adequate remedy at law; the Director therefore also agrees that in the event of said breach or any
threat of breach, the Company shall be entitled to an immediate injunction and restraining order to prevent such breach and/or
threatened breach and/or continued breach by the Director and/or any and all entities acting for and/or with the Director, without
having to prove damages or paying a bond, in addition to any other remedies to which the Company may be entitled at law or in
equity. The terms of this paragraph shall not prevent the Company from pursuing any other available remedies for any breach or
threatened breach hereof, including, but not limited to, the recovery of damages from the Director.

3

e. Survival.
The provisions of this Section 8 shall survive any termination of the Directorship Term, and the existence of any claim or cause of
action by the Director against the Company, whether predicated on this Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense to the
enforcement by the Company of the covenants and agreements of this Section 8.

9. TERMINATION.
With or without cause, either party may terminate this Agreement at any time upon thirty (30) days written notice, and the Company
shall be obligated to pay to the Director the compensation and expenses due up to the date of the termination. Nothing contained
herein or omitted herefrom shall prevent the shareholder(s) of the Company from removing the Director with immediate effect at any
time for any reason.

10. INDEMNIFICATION
AGREEMENT. The parties shall enter into the indemnification agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A.

11. EFFECT
OF WAIVER. The waiver by either party of the breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate as or be construed as a
waiver of any subsequent breach thereof.

12. NOTICES.
All notices must be in writing. A notice may be delivered to a party at the address that follows a partys signature BELOW or
to a new address that a party designates in writing. A notice may be delivered in person, by certified mail, or by overnight
courier.

13.
GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with, and the rights of the parties hereto shall be determined
by, the laws of the State of Delaware without reference to that states conflicts of laws principles.

14. ASSIGNMENT.
The rights and benefits of the Company under this Agreement shall be transferable, and all the covenants and agreements hereunder
shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by or against, its successors and assigns. The duties and obligations of the
Director under this Agreement are personal and therefore the Director may not assign any right or duty under this Agreement without
the prior written consent of the Company.

15. MISCELLANEOUS.
If any provision of this Agreement shall be declared invalid or illegal, for any reason whatsoever, then, notwithstanding such
invalidity or illegality, the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect in the same
manner as if the invalid or illegal provision had not been contained herein.

16. PARAGRAPH
HEADINGS. The paragraph headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the
meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

17. COUNTERPARTS.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one instrument. Facsimile
execution and delivery of this Agreement is legal, valid and binding for all purposes.

18. ENTIRE
AGREEMENT. Except as provided elsewhere herein, this Agreement sets forth the entire agreement of the parties with respect to
its subject matter and supersedes all prior agreements, promises, covenants, arrangements, communications, representations or
warranties, whether oral or written, by any officer, employee or representative of any party to this Agreement with respect to such
subject matter.

[SIGNATURE
PAGE FOLLOWS]

4

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Director Agreement to be duly executed and signed effective as of the day and
year first above written.

THE
COMPANY: 

/s/
William Alessi 

William
Alessi 

Chief
Executive Officer 

THE
DIRECTOR: 

/s/
Greg Richter 

Individually

Greg
Richter 

5

EXHIBIT
A

Indemnification
Agreement

6

INDEMNIFICATION
AGREEMENT

THIS
INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated effective as of October 7, 2024, is made by and between Alpha
Modus Hildings, Inc, a Delaware corporation (the Corporation), and Greg Richter (the Indemnitee).

PREMISES

A.
The Corporation desires to provide for indemnification of the Corporations directors and officers to the fullest extent
permitted by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (collectively, Delaware Law).

B.
The parties recognize the continued difficulty in obtaining liability insurance for the Corporations directors, officers,
employees, stockholders, controlling persons, agents, and fiduciaries, the significant increases in the cost of such insurance, and
the general reductions in the coverage of such insurance. Furthermore, the parties further recognize the substantial increase in
corporate litigation in general, subjecting directors, officers, employees, controlling persons, stockholders, agents, and
fiduciaries to expensive litigation risks at the same time as the availability and coverage of liability insurance have been
severely limited.

C.
Indemnitee does not regard the current protection available under the Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation, as the same may
be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time (as amended, the
Articles), and the Bylaws of the Corporation (the Bylaws) as adequate under the present
circumstances, and Indemnitee and other directors, officers, employees, stockholders, controlling persons, agents, and fiduciaries
of the Corporation may not be willing to serve in such capacities without additional protection. Moreover, the Corporation (i)
desires to attract and retain the involvement of highly qualified persons, such as Indemnitee, to serve the Corporation and, in
part, in order to induce Indemnitee to be involved with the Corporation, (ii) wishes to provide for the indemnification and
advancing of expenses to Indemnitee to the maximum extent permitted by law, and (iii) wishes to assure Indemnitee that there will be
increased certainty of adequate protection in the future.

D.
In addition to any insurance purchased by the Corporation on behalf of Indemnitee, it is reasonable, prudent, and necessary for the
Corporation to obligate itself contractually to indemnify Indemnitee so that he may remain free from undue concern that he will not
be adequately protected both during his service as an executive officer and a director of the Corporation and following any
termination of such service.

E. This
Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Articles and Bylaws and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor or to abrogate
any rights of Indemnitee thereunder.

F. The
directors of the Corporation have duly approved this Agreement and the indemnification provided herein with the express recognition that
the indemnification arrangements provided herein exceed that which the Corporation would be required to provide pursuant to Delaware
Law.

7

AGREEMENT

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the covenants contained herein, the Corporation and Indemnitee do hereby
covenant and agree as follows:

1.Definitions. As used in this Agreement:

(a)A Change in Control means the occurrence of any of the following events:

(i)
any Person is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), directly
or indirectly, of securities of the Corporation representing 20% or more of the Corporations then outstanding voting securities
unless the change in relative beneficial ownership of the Corporations securities by any person results solely from a reduction
in the aggregate number of outstanding shares of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors;

(ii)
the consummation of a reorganization, merger or consolidation, unless immediately following such reorganization, merger or consolidation,
all of the beneficial owners of the voting securities of the Corporation immediately prior to such transaction beneficially own, directly
or indirectly, more than 50% of the combined voting power of the outstanding voting securities of the entity resulting from such transaction;

(iii)
during any period of two consecutive years, not including any period prior to the execution of this Agreement, individuals who at the
beginning of such period constituted the Board of Directors (the Board) (including for this purpose any new directors
whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Corporations stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds
(2/3) of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination
for election was previously so approved) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board; or

(iv)
the stockholders of the Corporation approve a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution of the Corporation or an agreement for the
sale or disposition by the Corporation of all or substantially all of the Corporations assets.

(b) The
term Indemnifiable Matter means any event, occurrence, status, or condition that takes place either prior to or
after the execution of this Agreement, including any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit, proceeding or alternative dispute
resolution activity, whether brought by or in the right of the Corporation or otherwise and whether of a civil, criminal, administrative,
or investigative nature, in which Indemnitee was, is, or believes might be involved as a party, witness, or otherwise (except any of
the foregoing initiated by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 16(a) to enforce Indemnitees rights under this Agreement), by reason
of the fact, in whole or in part, that Indemnitee is or was actually or allegedly a director, officer, agent, or advisor of the Corporation;
by reason of any action actually or allegedly taken by him or of any inaction or omission on his part while acting as a director, officer,
agent, or advisor of the Corporation; by reason of the registration, offer, sale, purchase, or ownership of any securities of the Corporation;
by reason of any duty owed to, respecting, or in connection with the Corporation; or by reason of the fact, in whole or in part, that
he is or was actually or allegedly serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee, agent, or advisor of another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, limited liability company, or other entity or enterprise, in each case whether or not
he is acting or serving in any such capacity at the time any loss, liability, or expense is incurred for which indemnification or reimbursement
can be provided under this Agreement and even though Indemnitee may have ceased to serve in such capacity.

8

(c) The
term Indemnitee shall include the Indemnitee named in the first paragraph of this Agreement and such Indemnitees
actual or alleged alter egos, spouse, family members, and corporations, partnerships, limited liability companies, trusts, and other
enterprises or entities of any form whatsoever under the control of any of the foregoing, and the property of all of the foregoing. The
term control (including the terms controlling, controlled by, and under
common control with) means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management
and policies of a person or entity, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise, as interpreted under
the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

(d) Except
as provided in Section 15, the term Independent Counsel shall mean an attorney, law firm, or member of a law firm,
who (or which) is licensed to practice law in the state of Delaware and is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently
is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent (i) the Corporation or Indemnitee in any other matter material to either
such party; or (ii) any other party to the Indemnifiable Matter giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional
conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Corporation or Indemnitee in an action to determine
Indemnitees rights under this Agreement. From time to time, the Corporation may select and preapprove the names of persons or
law firms that it deems qualified as Independent Counsel under the foregoing criteria. Further, at the request of Indemnitee, the Corporation
shall review the qualifications and suitability under the foregoing criteria of persons or law firms selected by Indemnitee and preapprove
them as Independent Counsel if they meet the foregoing criteria. An Independent Counsel that has already been preapproved by the board
of directors may be appointed as Independent Counsel without any further evaluation, so long as such prospective Independent Counsel
continues, as determined by the board of directors, to remain independent.

(e) The
term Losses means any and all losses, claims, damages, expenses, liabilities, judgments, fines, penalties and actions
in respect thereof, as they are incurred, against Indemnitee in connection with an Indemnifiable Matter; amounts paid by Indemnitee in
settlement of an Indemnifiable Matter; any indirect, consequential, or incidental damages suffered or incurred by Indemnitee; and all
attorneys fees and disbursements, accountants fees and disbursements, private investigation fees and disbursements, retainers,
court costs, payments of attachment, appeal or other bonds or security, transcript costs, fees of experts, fees and expenses of witnesses,
travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, and all other disbursements
or expenses reasonably incurred by or for Indemnitee in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating,
appealing, or being or preparing to be a witness in any threatened or pending Indemnifiable Matter or establishing Indemnitees
right or entitlement to indemnification for any of the foregoing.

9

(f) Reference
to other enterprise shall include employee benefit plans; references to fines shall include any excise
tax assessed with respect to any employee benefit plan; references to serving at the request of the Corporation shall include
any service as a director, officer, employee, agent, or advisor with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants, or beneficiaries;
and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in the interests of the participants and beneficiaries
of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation
as referred to in this Agreement.

(g) The
term substantiating documentation shall mean copies of bills or invoices for costs incurred by or for Indemnitee,
or copies of court or agency orders, decrees, or settlement agreements, as the case may be, accompanied by a declaration, which need
not be notarized, from Indemnitee that such bills, invoices, court or agency orders, decrees, or settlement agreements represent costs
or liabilities meeting the definition of Losses herein.

2. Indemnity
of Indemnitee. The Corporation hereby agrees to indemnify, protect, defend and hold harmless Indemnitee against any and all Losses
incurred by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was a director, officer, agent, or advisor of the Corporation, or is or was serving
at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee, agent or advisor of another corporation, partnership, joint venture,
trust, limited liability company, or other entity or enterprise, to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware Law. The termination of
any Indemnifiable Matter by judgment, order of the court, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere, or its equivalent,
shall not, of itself, create a presumption that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, and with respect to any criminal proceeding,
shall not create a presumption that such person believed that his conduct was unlawful. The indemnification provided herein shall be
applicable whether or not the breach of any standard of care or duty, including a breach of a fiduciary duty, of the Indemnitee is alleged
or proven, except as limited by Section 3 herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of any Indemnifiable Matter brought by or
in the right of the Corporation, Indemnitee shall not be entitled to indemnification for any claim, issue, or matter as to which Indemnitee
has been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction, after exhaustion of all appeals therefrom (a Final Adjudication),
to be liable to the Corporation or for amounts paid in settlement to the Corporation unless, and only to the extent that, the court in
which the Indemnifiable Matter was brought or another court of competent jurisdiction determines, on application, that in view of all
the circumstances, the Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses as the court deems proper.

3. Limit
on Indemnification. Notwithstanding any breach of any standard of care or duty, including breach of a fiduciary duty, by the Indemnitee,
and subject to the restrictions under Delaware Law, the Corporation shall indemnify Indemnitee except when a Final Adjudication establishes
that Indemnitees acts or omissions involved intentional misconduct, fraud, or a knowing violation of law and were material to
the cause of action.

10

4. Choice
of Counsel. Indemnitee shall be entitled to employ and be reimbursed for the fees and disbursements of counsel separate from that
chosen by any other person or persons whom the Corporation is obligated to indemnify with respect to the same or any related or similar
Indemnifiable Matter.

5. Advances
of Losses. Losses (other than judgments, penalties, fines, and settlements) incurred by Indemnitee shall be paid by the Corporation,
in advance of the final disposition of the Indemnifiable Matter, within 10 days after receipt of Indemnitees written request accompanied
by substantiating documentation.

6. Officer
and Director Liability Insurance. The Corporation shall, from time to time, make the good faith determination whether or not it is
practicable for the Corporation to obtain and maintain a policy or policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies providing
the officers and directors of the Corporation with coverage for losses, or to ensure the Corporations performance of its indemnification
obligations under this Agreement. Among other considerations, the Corporation will weigh the costs of obtaining such insurance coverage
against the protection afforded by such coverage. The Corporation shall consult with and be heard by Indemnitee in connection with the
Corporations actions hereunder. In all policies of director and officer liability insurance, (a) Indemnitee shall be named as
an insured in such a manner as to provide Indemnitee the same rights and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably insured of the
Corporations directors, if Indemnitee is a director, or of the Corporations officers, if Indemnitee is not a director of
the Corporation but is an officer; and (b) the policy shall provide that it shall not be cancelled or materially modified without 30
days prior written notice to Indemnitee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Corporation shall have no obligation to obtain or
maintain such insurance if the Corporation determines in good faith that such insurance is not reasonably available, if the premium costs
for such insurance are disproportionate to the amount of coverage provided, if the coverage provided by such insurance is limited by
exclusions so as to provide an insufficient benefit, or if Indemnitee is covered by similar insurance maintained by a subsidiary or parent
of the Corporation.

7. Indemnification
Trust Fund or Other Financial Arrangements. Pursuant to Delaware Law, the Corporation may establish an indemnification trust fund
or make other financial arrangements acceptable to Indemnitee for Indemnitees benefit. Indemnitee shall be an intended third-party
beneficiary of any such fund or arrangement, with the right, power, and authority of the Indemnitee to sue for, enforce, and collect
the same, in the name, place, and stead of the Corporation or otherwise, for Indemnitees benefit. Such fund or other arrangements
shall be available to Indemnitee for payment of Losses upon the Corporations failure, inability, or refusal to pay Losses incurred
by the Indemnitee.

8. Right
of Indemnitee to Indemnification upon Application; Selection of Independent Counsel; Procedure upon Application.

11

(a) Any
application for indemnification under this Agreement, other than when Losses are paid in advance of any final disposition pursuant to
Section 5 hereof, shall be submitted to the board of directors. If a quorum of the board of directors were not parties to the action,
suit, proceeding or other matter, a majority of the directors who were not parties to the action, suit, proceeding or other matter may
determine whether indemnification of the applicant is not prohibited by law or may have such determination made by Independent Counsel
in a written decision. If a quorum of the board directors who were not parties to the action cannot be obtained, the board of directors
shall have such determination made by Independent Counsel in a written decision. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, the board of
directors may under any circumstances submit the determination of whether indemnification is proper in the circumstances to the stockholders.
The board of directors shall respond to a request for indemnification or initiate the process of submitting the determination to the
stockholders within 45 days after receipt by the Corporation of the written application for indemnification.

(b) If
required, Independent Counsel shall be selected by the board of directors, and the Corporation shall give written notice to Indemnitee
advising him of the identity of Independent Counsel so selected. Indemnitee may, within seven days after such written notice of selection
shall have been given, deliver to the Corporation a written objection to such selection. Such objection may be asserted only on the ground
that Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel, as defined in Section 1, and
the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. If such written objection is made, Independent
Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until a court has determined that such objection is without merit.
If, within 20 days after submission by Indemnitee of a written objection to the Independent Counsel selected, the Corporation has failed
to identify a replacement Independent Counsel, the Indemnitee may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for resolution of any
objection that shall have been made by Indemnitee to the Corporations selection of Independent Counsel and for appointment as
Independent Counsel of a person selected by such court or by such other person as such court shall designate, and the person with respect
to whom an objection is so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel. The Corporation shall pay any and all
reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel incurred by such Independent Counsel in connection with its fees and expenses incident
to the procedures of this Section 8 regardless of the manner in which such Independent Counsel was selected or appointed.

(c) The
right to indemnification or advances as provided by this Agreement shall be enforceable by Indemnitee in any court of competent jurisdiction.
The burden of proving that indemnification is not appropriate shall be on the Corporation. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including
its board of directors or Independent Counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such action that indemnification
is proper in the circumstances, nor an actual determination by the Corporation (including its board of directors or Independent Counsel)
that indemnification is not proper in the circumstances, shall be a defense to the action, suit, proceeding, or other matter or create
a presumption that indemnification is not proper in the circumstances.

9. Notice
to Insurers. If, at the time of the receipt of an application for indemnification pursuant to Section 2 hereof or a request for advances
of Losses pursuant to Section 5 hereof, the Corporation has director and officer liability insurance in effect, the Corporation shall
give prompt notice of the commencement of such Indemnifiable Matter to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the
respective policies. The Corporation shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf
of the Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such Indemnifiable Matter in accordance with the terms of such policies.

12

10. Undertaking
by Indemnitee. Indemnitee hereby undertakes to repay to the Corporation any advances of Losses pursuant to this Agreement to the
extent that it is ultimately determined pursuant to a Final Adjudication that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification.

11. Indemnification
Hereunder Not Exclusive. The indemnification and advancement of Losses provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of
any other rights to which Indemnitee may be entitled under the Articles or Bylaws, the Delaware Law, any policy or policies of directors
and officers liability insurance, any other agreement, any vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise, both
as to action in his official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office (together, Other Indemnification).
However, Indemnitee shall reimburse the Corporation for amounts paid to him under Other Indemnification and not under this Agreement
in an amount equal to any payments received pursuant to such Other Indemnification, to the extent such payments duplicate any payments
received pursuant to this Agreement.

12. Continuation
of Indemnity. All agreements and obligations of the Corporation contained herein shall continue during the period Indemnitee is a
director, officer, employee, agent, or advisor of the Corporation (or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director,
officer, employee, agent, or advisor of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, limited liability company, or other enterprise)
and shall continue thereafter so long as Indemnitee shall be subject to any possible Indemnifiable Matter.

13. Partial
Indemnification. If Indemnitee is entitled under any provision of this Agreement to indemnification by the Corporation for some or
a portion of Losses, but not, however, for the total amount thereof, the Corporation shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee for the
portion of such Losses to which Indemnitee is entitled.

14. Settlement
of Claims. The Corporation shall not be liable to indemnify Indemnitee under this Agreement for any amounts paid in settlement of
any Indemnifiable Matter effected without the Corporations written consent. The Corporation shall not settle any Indemnifiable
Matter in any manner that would impose any penalty or limitation on Indemnitees rights under this Agreement without Indemnitees
written consent. Neither the Corporation nor Indemnitee will unreasonably withhold its consent to any proposed settlement. The Corporation
shall not be liable to indemnify Indemnitee under this Agreement with regard to any judicial award if the Corporation was not given a
reasonable and timely opportunity, at its expense, to participate in the defense of such action.

15.Change in Control.

(a) Notwithstanding
the provisions of Section 6, any provision for the benefit of officers and directors existing immediately prior to a Change in Control,
including officer and director liability insurance, an indemnification trust fund or other financial arrangements, shall be maintained
for so long as Indemnitee is subject to any Indemnifiable Matter. In the case of officer and director liability insurance, such insurance
shall be maintained with the same scope and amount of coverage, with no larger deductible or retention amounts, and otherwise on the
same terms and conditions as were in effect immediately prior to such Change in Control unless such coverages, terms and conditions are
no longer available.

13

(b) With
respect to all matters thereafter arising concerning the rights of Indemnitee to payments of Losses under this Agreement or any other
agreement, or under the Articles or Bylaws as now or hereafter in effect, independent counsel shall be selected by the Indemnitee and
approved by the Corporation (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld). Such counsel, among other things, shall render its written
opinion to the Corporation and Indemnitee as to whether and to what extent Indemnitee would be permitted to be indemnified under Delaware
Law as determined in accordance with Section 16(d). The Corporation agrees to abide by such opinion and to pay the reasonable fees of
the independent counsel referred to above and to fully indemnify such counsel against any and all expenses (including attorneys
fees), claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto.

16.Enforcement.

(a) The
Corporation expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on the Corporation
hereby in order to induce Indemnitee to serve as a director or officer of the Corporation, and acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying
upon this Agreement in continuing as a director or officer. The Corporation shall be precluded from asserting in any action commenced
pursuant to this Section 16 that the procedures and presumptions in this section are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate
in any such judicial proceedings that the Corporation is bound by all of the provisions of this Agreement.

(b) In
any action commenced pursuant to this Section 16, Indemnitee shall be presumed to be entitled to indemnification and advancement of Losses
in accordance with Section 5 under this Agreement, as the case may be, and the Corporation shall have the burden of proof in overcoming
such presumption and must show by clear and convincing evidence that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification or advancement of
Losses, as the case may be.

(c) The
execution of this Agreement shall constitute the Corporations stipulation by which it shall be irrevocably bound in any action
by Indemnitee for enforcement of Indemnitees rights hereunder that the Corporations obligations set forth in this Agreement
are unique and special, and that failure of the Corporation to comply with the provisions of this Agreement will cause irreparable and
immediate injury to Indemnitee, for which a remedy at law will be inadequate. As a result, in addition to any other right or remedy Indemnitee
may have at law or in equity respecting a breach of this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be entitled to injunctive or mandatory relief directing
specific performance by the Corporation of its obligations under this Agreement.

(d) In
the event that Indemnitee shall deem it shall be necessary or desirable to retain legal counsel and/or incur other costs and expenses
in connection with the interpretation or enforcement of any or all of Indemnitees rights under this Agreement, Indemnitee shall
be entitled to recover from the Corporation, and the Corporation shall indemnify Indemnitee against, any and all fees, costs, and expenses
(of the types described in the definition of Losses in Section 1(b)) incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the interpretation or
enforcement of said rights. The Corporation shall make payment to the Indemnitee at the time such fees, costs, and expenses are incurred
by Indemnitee. If, however, the Indemnitee does not prevail in such action under this Section 16, Indemnitee shall repay any and all
such amounts to the Corporation. If it shall be determined in an action pursuant to this Section 16 that Indemnitee is entitled to receive
part but not all of the indemnification or advancement of fees, costs, and expenses or other benefit sought, the expenses incurred by
Indemnitee in connection with an action pursuant to this Section 16 shall be equitably allocated between the Corporation and Indemnitee.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Change in Control shall have occurred, Indemnitee shall be entitled to indemnification under this
Section 16 regardless of whether Indemnitee ultimately prevails in such judicial adjudication or arbitration. This Section 16(b) is not
subject to the provisions of Section 8.

14

17.Governing Law; Binding Effect; Amendment and Termination; Construction.

(a) This
Agreement shall be interpreted and enforced in accordance with Delaware Law.

(b) This
Agreement shall be binding upon the Corporation, its successors and assigns, and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee such Indemnitees
actual or alleged alter egos, spouse, family members, and corporations, partnerships, limited liability companies, trusts, and other
enterprises or entities of any form whatsoever under the control of any of the foregoing, the property of all of the foregoing, and the
successors and assigns of all of the foregoing.

(c) No
amendment, modification, termination, or cancellation of this Agreement shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Corporation
and Indemnitee.

(d) This
Agreement shall be construed liberally in favor of the Indemnitee to the fullest extent possible under Delaware Law, even if such indemnification
is not specifically authorized by this Agreement or any other agreement, the Articles or Bylaws, or by Delaware Law. In the event Delaware
Law is changed after the date of this Agreement, through statutory amendment, judicial interpretation, administrative regulations or
otherwise, to allow additional indemnification or to remove or restrict current limitations on indemnification, this Agreement shall
be deemed to be amended and reformed so that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits of such change. In the event
of any change in Delaware Law that narrows or restricts the right of a Delaware corporation to indemnify Indemnitee, such change, to
the extent not otherwise required by Delaware Law to be applied to Indemnitee in the relevant circumstances, shall have no effect on
this Agreement or the rights and obligations of the parties hereunder.

18. Mutual
Acknowledgement; Federal Preemption. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, both the Corporation and Indemnitee acknowledge
and agree that in certain instances, federal law or applicable public policy may prohibit the Corporation from indemnifying its directors
and officers under this Agreement or otherwise. Such instances include, but are not limited to, the Securities and Exchange Commissions
prohibition on indemnification for liabilities arising under certain federal securities laws. Indemnitee understands and acknowledges
that the Corporation has undertaken, or may be required in the future to undertake with the Securities and Exchange Commission, to submit
the question of indemnification to a court in certain circumstances for a determination of the Corporations right under public
policy to indemnify Indemnitee.

19. Severability.
If any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable:

15

(a) the
validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be in any way affected or impaired thereby;
and

(b) to
the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested by the
provision held invalid, illegal, or unenforceable.

Each
section of this Agreement is a separate and independent portion of this Agreement. If the indemnification to which Indemnitee is entitled
as respects any aspect of any claim varies between two or more sections of this Agreement, that section providing the most comprehensive
indemnification shall apply.

20. Notice.
Any notice, demand, request, or other communication permitted or required under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed
to have been given as of the date so delivered, if personally served; as of the date so sent, if transmitted by facsimile and receipt
is confirmed by the facsimile operator of the recipient; as of the date so sent, if sent by electronic mail and receipt is acknowledged
by the recipient; one day after the date so sent, if delivered by overnight courier service; or three days after the date so mailed,
if mailed by certified mail, return receipt requested, addressed as follows:

If
to the Corporation: Alpha
Modus Holdings, Inc.

20311
Chartwell Center Drive, #1469

Cornelius,
NC 28031

If
to Indemnitee, to: Greg
Richter

[redacted]

or
such other addresses, facsimile numbers, or electronic mail address as shall be furnished in writing by any party in the manner for giving
notices hereunder.

[Signature
Page Follows]

16

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement to be effective on and as of the day and year first above
written.

Corporation:

By: /s/
William Alessi

William
Alessi

Chief
Executive Officer

Indemnitee:

/s/
Greg Richter

Greg
Richter
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-3.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.3

DIRECTOR
AGREEMENT

THIS
DIRECTOR AGREEMENT (the Agreement) is made effective as of the 8th day of October 2024, and is by and between Alpha
Modus Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation formerly known as Insight Acquisition Corp. (hereinafter referred to as the Company),
and Michael Garel (hereinafter referred to as the Director).

WHEREAS,
it is essential to the Company to retain and attract as directors the most capable persons available to serve on the board of directors
of the Company (the Board).

WHEREAS,
the Board believes that Director possesses the necessary qualifications and abilities to serve as a director of the Company and desires
to appoint the Director to fill an existing vacancy on the Board and to perform the duties of an Director.

WHEREAS
the Director desires to be so appointed for such position and to perform the duties required of such position in accordance with
the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration for the above recited promises and the mutual promises contained herein, the adequacy and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Director hereby agree as follows:

1.
DUTIES.

a.
The Director will serve as a director of the Company and perform all duties as a director of the Company, including without limitation
(a) attending meetings of the Board, likely to occur quarterly on an in-person basis or more frequently by telephone and (b) serving,
if requested, on one or more committees of the Board (each a Committee) and attending meetings of each Committee of which
Director is a member. In fulfilling his responsibilities as a director of the Company, Director agrees that he shall act honestly and
in good faith with a view to the best interests of the Company and exercise the care, diligence and skill that a reasonably prudent person
would exercise in comparable circumstances.

b.
The Director will perform such duties described herein in accordance with the applicable laws and rules and regulations pertaining to
the Directors performance hereunder.

c.
The Director will at all times act as a fiduciary in the service and best interests of the Company and its stockholders. In addition,
the Director agrees to (i) provide, as reasonably and timely requested, all information regarding himself or herself as the Company requires
to satisfy its disclosure obligations under applicable securities laws; (ii) timely file with the Securities and Exchange Commission
all reports and schedules required of the Director in his or her personal capacity by virtue of his or her relationship with the Company
(e.g. Forms 3, 4 and 5 as contemplated by Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), provided that the Company shall prepare,
at its expense, such reports and schedules for the review of the Director and, following review and approval by the Director and his
advisors, file such reports and schedules.

2.
[RESERVED].

3.
TERM. The term of this Agreement (the Directorship Term) shall commence as of the date of the Directors
appointment by the Board of Directors of the Company and shall continue until the next annual meeting of the stockholders, or until the
Directors removal or resignation.

4.
COMPENSATION. For all services to be rendered by the Director in any capacity hereunder, the Company and Director agree as follows:

a.
For all services rendered by Director pursuant to this Agreement, the Company agrees to pay the Director shares of Company common stock
equivalent to a payment of $100,000 per annum, payable quarterly on the first day of each fiscal quarter beginning July 1, 2024, valued
based on the closing price listed on the NASDAQ Exchange as of the date of closing of the business combination with Alpha Modus, Corp.
Such stock will be considered restricted stock under the Securities Act of 1933, and Rule 144 promulgated thereunder. In addition, the
Company agrees to pay the Director a $25,000 per annum additional fee for serving on two (2) board Committees (the Audit Committee and
the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee). For clarity, total annual compensation payable to the Director in common stock of
the Company shall equal $125,000.

b.
NO OTHER BENEFITS OR COMPENSATION. Director acknowledges and agrees that he/she is not granted and is not entitled to any other
benefits or compensation from the Company for the services provided under this Agreement, except as provided for herein, including without
limitation at Section 5.

c. POTENTIAL
FUTURE INCREASES IN COMPENSATION. The Directors compensation shall be increased by (i) $25,000 per annum upon the
Companys achievement of each $5.0 million increase in revenue over a 12 month period. Upon the achievement of each revenue
increase milestone above, the Director may elect to receive up to 50% of total annual compensation in cash.

5.
EXPENSES. In addition to the compensation provided in paragraph 4, the Company will reimburse in cash the Director for reasonable
travel costs associated with attending four Board of Director meetings each year, as well as other pre-approved reasonable business related
expenses incurred in good faith in the performance of the Directors duties for the Company. Such payments shall be made promptly
by the Company upon submission by the Director of a signed statement itemizing the expenses incurred. Such statement shall be accompanied
by sufficient documentary matter to support the expenditures.

6.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. In no event shall the Director be individually or personally liable or have personal recourse to the
Company or its stockholders for any damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a Director of the Company, unless Directors act or
failure to act involves intentional gross misconduct, fraud, criminal acts or a knowing violation of law.

2

7.
D&O INSURANCE. The Company will maintain a policy or policies of Director and Officer (D&O) liability insurance, and the
Director acknowledges this fact. Upon the Companys receipt of D&O liability insurance coverage, the Director shall be included
as an additional insured under such D&O insurance policy.

8.
DIRECTOR COVENANTS:

a.
Unauthorized Disclosure. The Director agrees and understands that in the Directors position with the Company, the
Director will have, has been and will be exposed to and receive information relating to the confidential affairs of the Company, including,
but not limited to, technical information, business and marketing plans, strategies, customer information, other information concerning
the Companys products, promotions, pricing, sourcing, development, financing, expansion plans, business policies and practices,
and other forms of information considered by the Company to be confidential and in the nature of trade secrets. The Director agrees that
during the Directorship Term and thereafter, the Director will keep such information confidential and will not disclose such information,
either directly or indirectly, to any third person or entity without the prior written consent of the Company, or use such information
for his or her own benefit or for the benefit of any third person; provided, however, that the Director may, after giving
prior notice to the Company to the extent practicable under the circumstances, disclose such information to the extent required by applicable
laws or governmental regulations or judicial or regulatory process. Upon termination of the Directorship Term, the Director will promptly
return to the Company and/or destroy at the Companys direction all property, notes, memoranda, writings, lists, files, reports,
customer lists, correspondence, technical data, other product or document, and any summary or compilation of the foregoing, in whatever
form, including, without limitation, in electronic form, which has been produced by, received by or otherwise submitted to the Director
in the course or otherwise as a result of the Directors position with the Company during or prior to the Directorship Term.

b.
[Reserved].

c.
Insider Trading Guidelines. Director agrees to comply with any policies adopted by the Company that are applicable to directors,
such as an Insider Trading Policy approved by the Companys Board of Directors.

d.
Remedies. The Director agrees that any breach of the terms of this Section 8 would result in irreparable injury and damage
to the Company for which the Company would have no adequate remedy at law; the Director therefore also agrees that in the event of said
breach or any threat of breach, the Company shall be entitled to an immediate injunction and restraining order to prevent such breach
and/or threatened breach and/or continued breach by the Director and/or any and all entities acting for and/or with the Director, without
having to prove damages or paying a bond, in addition to any other remedies to which the Company may be entitled at law or in equity.
The terms of this paragraph shall not prevent the Company from pursuing any other available remedies for any breach or threatened breach
hereof, including, but not limited to, the recovery of damages from the Director.

3

e.
Survival. The provisions of this Section 8 shall survive any termination of the Directorship Term, and the existence of
any claim or cause of action by the Director against the Company, whether predicated on this Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute
a defense to the enforcement by the Company of the covenants and agreements of this Section 8.

9.
TERMINATION. With or without cause, either party may terminate this Agreement at any time upon thirty (30) days written notice,
and the Company shall be obligated to pay to the Director the compensation and expenses due up to the date of the termination. Nothing
contained herein or omitted herefrom shall prevent the shareholder(s) of the Company from removing the Director with immediate effect
at any time for any reason.

10. INDEMNIFICATION
AGREEMENT. The parties shall enter into the indemnification agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A.

11.
EFFECT OF WAIVER. The waiver by either party of the breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate as or be construed
as a waiver of any subsequent breach thereof.

12.
NOTICES. All notices must be in writing. A notice may be delivered to a party at the address that follows a partys signature
BELOW or to a new address that a party designates in writing. A notice may be delivered in person, by certified mail, or by overnight
courier.

13.
GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with, and the rights of the parties hereto shall be determined
by, the laws of the State of Delaware without reference to that states conflicts of laws principles.

14.
ASSIGNMENT. The rights and benefits of the Company under this Agreement shall be transferable, and all the covenants and agreements
hereunder shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by or against, its successors and assigns. The duties and obligations of
the Director under this Agreement are personal and therefore the Director may not assign any right or duty under this Agreement without
the prior written consent of the Company.

15.
MISCELLANEOUS. If any provision of this Agreement shall be declared invalid or illegal, for any reason whatsoever, then, notwithstanding
such invalidity or illegality, the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect in the same
manner as if the invalid or illegal provision had not been contained herein.

16.
PARAGRAPH HEADINGS. The paragraph headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in
any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

17.
COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one instrument.
Facsimile execution and delivery of this Agreement is legal, valid and binding for all purposes.

18.
ENTIRE AGREEMENT. Except as provided elsewhere herein, this Agreement sets forth the entire agreement of the parties with respect
to its subject matter and supersedes all prior agreements, promises, covenants, arrangements, communications, representations or warranties,
whether oral or written, by any officer, employee or representative of any party to this Agreement with respect to such subject matter.

[SIGNATURE
PAGE FOLLOWS]

4

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Director Agreement to be duly executed and signed effective as of the day and year
first above written.

THE
COMPANY: 

/s/
William Alessi 

William
Alessi 

Chief
Executive Officer 

THE
DIRECTOR: 

/s/
Michael Garel 

Individually 

Michael Garel 

5

EXHIBIT
A

Indemnification
Agreement

6

INDEMNIFICATION
AGREEMENT

THIS
INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated effective as of October 8, 2024, is made by and between Alpha
Modus Hildings, Inc, a Delaware corporation (the Corporation), and Michael Garel (the Indemnitee).

PREMISES

A.
The Corporation desires to provide for indemnification of the Corporations directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted
by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (collectively, Delaware Law).

B.
The parties recognize the continued difficulty in obtaining liability insurance for the Corporations directors, officers, employees,
stockholders, controlling persons, agents, and fiduciaries, the significant increases in the cost of such insurance, and the general
reductions in the coverage of such insurance. Furthermore, the parties further recognize the substantial increase in corporate litigation
in general, subjecting directors, officers, employees, controlling persons, stockholders, agents, and fiduciaries to expensive litigation
risks at the same time as the availability and coverage of liability insurance have been severely limited.

C.
Indemnitee does not regard the current protection available under the Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation, as the same may be
amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time (as amended, the Articles),
and the Bylaws of the Corporation (the Bylaws) as adequate under the present circumstances, and Indemnitee and other
directors, officers, employees, stockholders, controlling persons, agents, and fiduciaries of the Corporation may not be willing to serve
in such capacities without additional protection. Moreover, the Corporation (i) desires to attract and retain the involvement of highly
qualified persons, such as Indemnitee, to serve the Corporation and, in part, in order to induce Indemnitee to be involved with the Corporation,
(ii) wishes to provide for the indemnification and advancing of expenses to Indemnitee to the maximum extent permitted by law, and (iii)
wishes to assure Indemnitee that there will be increased certainty of adequate protection in the future.

D.
In addition to any insurance purchased by the Corporation on behalf of Indemnitee, it is reasonable, prudent, and necessary for the Corporation
to obligate itself contractually to indemnify Indemnitee so that he may remain free from undue concern that he will not be adequately
protected both during his service as an executive officer and a director of the Corporation and following any termination of such service.

E.
This Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Articles and Bylaws and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor or to abrogate
any rights of Indemnitee thereunder.

F.
The directors of the Corporation have duly approved this Agreement and the indemnification provided herein with the express recognition
that the indemnification arrangements provided herein exceed that which the Corporation would be required to provide pursuant to Delaware
Law.

7

AGREEMENT

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the covenants contained herein, the Corporation and Indemnitee do
hereby covenant and agree as follows:

1.
Definitions. As used in this Agreement:

(a)
A Change in Control means the occurrence of any of the following events:

(i)
any Person is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), directly
or indirectly, of securities of the Corporation representing 20% or more of the Corporations then outstanding voting securities
unless the change in relative beneficial ownership of the Corporations securities by any person results solely from a reduction
in the aggregate number of outstanding shares of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors;

(ii)
the consummation of a reorganization, merger or consolidation, unless immediately following such reorganization, merger or consolidation,
all of the beneficial owners of the voting securities of the Corporation immediately prior to such transaction beneficially own, directly
or indirectly, more than 50% of the combined voting power of the outstanding voting securities of the entity resulting from such transaction;

(iii)
during any period of two consecutive years, not including any period prior to the execution of this Agreement, individuals who at the
beginning of such period constituted the Board of Directors (the Board) (including for this purpose any new directors
whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Corporations stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds
(2/3) of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination
for election was previously so approved) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board; or

(iv)
the stockholders of the Corporation approve a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution of the Corporation or an agreement for the
sale or disposition by the Corporation of all or substantially all of the Corporations assets.

(b)
The term Indemnifiable Matter means any event, occurrence, status, or condition that takes place either prior to
or after the execution of this Agreement, including any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit, proceeding or alternative dispute
resolution activity, whether brought by or in the right of the Corporation or otherwise and whether of a civil, criminal, administrative,
or investigative nature, in which Indemnitee was, is, or believes might be involved as a party, witness, or otherwise (except any of
the foregoing initiated by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 16(a) to enforce Indemnitees rights under this Agreement), by reason
of the fact, in whole or in part, that Indemnitee is or was actually or allegedly a director, officer, agent, or advisor of the Corporation;
by reason of any action actually or allegedly taken by him or of any inaction or omission on his part while acting as a director, officer,
agent, or advisor of the Corporation; by reason of the registration, offer, sale, purchase, or ownership of any securities of the Corporation;
by reason of any duty owed to, respecting, or in connection with the Corporation; or by reason of the fact, in whole or in part, that
he is or was actually or allegedly serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee, agent, or advisor of another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, limited liability company, or other entity or enterprise, in each case whether or not
he is acting or serving in any such capacity at the time any loss, liability, or expense is incurred for which indemnification or reimbursement
can be provided under this Agreement, regardless of when such event, occurrence, status, or condition takes place, including without
limitation in the event that Indemnitee may have ceased to serve in such capacity.

8

(c)
The term Indemnitee shall include the Indemnitee named in the first paragraph of this Agreement and such Indemnitees
actual or alleged alter egos, spouse, family members, and corporations, partnerships, limited liability companies, trusts, and other
enterprises or entities of any form whatsoever under the control of any of the foregoing, and the property of all of the foregoing. The
term control (including the terms controlling, controlled by, and under
common control with) means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management
and policies of a person or entity, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise, as interpreted under
the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

(d)
Except as provided in Section 15, the term Independent Counsel shall mean an attorney, law firm, or member of a
law firm, who (or which) is licensed to practice law in the state of Delaware and is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither
presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent (i) the Corporation or Indemnitee in any other matter material
to either such party; or (ii) any other party to the Indemnifiable Matter giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional
conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Corporation or Indemnitee in an action to determine
Indemnitees rights under this Agreement. From time to time, the Corporation may select and preapprove the names of persons or
law firms that it deems qualified as Independent Counsel under the foregoing criteria. Further, at the request of Indemnitee, the Corporation
shall review the qualifications and suitability under the foregoing criteria of persons or law firms selected by Indemnitee and preapprove
them as Independent Counsel if they meet the foregoing criteria. An Independent Counsel that has already been preapproved by the board
of directors may be appointed as Independent Counsel without any further evaluation, so long as such prospective Independent Counsel
continues, as determined by the board of directors, to remain independent.

(e)
The term Losses means any and all losses, claims, damages, expenses, liabilities, judgments, fines, penalties and
actions in respect thereof, as they are incurred, against Indemnitee in connection with an Indemnifiable Matter; amounts paid by Indemnitee
in settlement of an Indemnifiable Matter; any indirect, consequential, or incidental damages suffered or incurred by Indemnitee; and
all attorneys fees and disbursements, accountants fees and disbursements, private investigation fees and disbursements,
retainers, court costs, payments of attachment, appeal or other bonds or security, transcript costs, fees of experts, fees and expenses
of witnesses, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, and
all other disbursements or expenses reasonably incurred by or for Indemnitee in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to
prosecute or defend, investigating, appealing, or being or preparing to be a witness in any threatened or pending Indemnifiable Matter
or establishing Indemnitees right or entitlement to indemnification for any of the foregoing.

9

(f)
Reference to other enterprise shall include employee benefit plans; references to fines shall include
any excise tax assessed with respect to any employee benefit plan; references to serving at the request of the Corporation
shall include any service as a director, officer, employee, agent, or advisor with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants,
or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in the interests of the participants
and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the
Corporation as referred to in this Agreement.

(g)
The term substantiating documentation shall mean copies of bills or invoices for costs incurred by or for Indemnitee,
or copies of court or agency orders, decrees, or settlement agreements, as the case may be, accompanied by a declaration, which need
not be notarized, from Indemnitee that such bills, invoices, court or agency orders, decrees, or settlement agreements represent costs
or liabilities meeting the definition of Losses herein.

2.
Indemnity of Indemnitee. The Corporation hereby agrees to indemnify, protect, defend and hold harmless Indemnitee against any
and all Losses incurred by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was a director, officer, agent, or advisor of the Corporation, or
is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee, agent or advisor of another corporation, partnership,
joint venture, trust, limited liability company, or other entity or enterprise, to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware Law. The
termination of any Indemnifiable Matter by judgment, order of the court, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere, or
its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, and with respect to any
criminal proceeding, shall not create a presumption that such person believed that his conduct was unlawful. The indemnification provided
herein shall be applicable whether or not the breach of any standard of care or duty, including a breach of a fiduciary duty, of the
Indemnitee is alleged or proven, except as limited by Section 3 herein..

3.
Limit on Indemnification. Notwithstanding any breach of any standard of care or duty, including breach of a fiduciary duty, by
the Indemnitee, and subject to the restrictions under Delaware Law, the Corporation shall indemnify Indemnitee except when a court of
competent jurisdiction, after exhaustion of all appeals therefrom (a Final Adjudication) establishes that Indemnitees
acts or omissions involved intentional misconduct, fraud, or a knowing violation of law and were material to the cause of action.

4.
Choice of Counsel. Indemnitee shall be entitled to employ and be reimbursed for the fees and disbursements of counsel separate
from that chosen by any other person or persons whom the Corporation is obligated to indemnify with respect to the same or any related
or similar Indemnifiable Matter.

10

5.
Advances of Losses. Losses (other than judgments, penalties, fines, and settlements) incurred by Indemnitee shall be paid by the
Corporation, in advance of the final disposition of the Indemnifiable Matter, within 10 days after receipt of Indemnitees written
request accompanied by substantiating documentation.

6.
Officer and Director Liability Insurance. The Corporation shall, from time to time, make the good faith determination whether
or not it is practicable for the Corporation to obtain and maintain a policy or policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies
providing the officers and directors of the Corporation with coverage for losses, or to ensure the Corporations performance of
its indemnification obligations under this Agreement. Among other considerations, the Corporation will weigh the costs of obtaining such
insurance coverage against the protection afforded by such coverage. The Corporation shall consult with and be heard by Indemnitee in
connection with the Corporations actions hereunder. In all policies of director and officer liability insurance, (a) Indemnitee
shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide Indemnitee the same rights and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably
insured of the Corporations directors, if Indemnitee is a director, or of the Corporations officers, if Indemnitee is not
a director of the Corporation but is an officer; and (b) the policy shall provide that it shall not be cancelled or materially modified
without 30 days prior written notice to Indemnitee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Corporation shall have no obligation to
obtain or maintain such insurance if the Corporation determines in good faith that such insurance is not reasonably available, if the
premium costs for such insurance are disproportionate to the amount of coverage provided, if the coverage provided by such insurance
is limited by exclusions so as to provide an insufficient benefit, or if Indemnitee is covered by similar insurance maintained by a subsidiary
or parent of the Corporation.

7.
Indemnification Trust Fund or Other Financial Arrangements. Pursuant to Delaware Law, the Corporation may establish an indemnification
trust fund or make other financial arrangements acceptable to Indemnitee for Indemnitees benefit. Indemnitee shall be an intended
third-party beneficiary of any such fund or arrangement, with the right, power, and authority of the Indemnitee to sue for, enforce,
and collect the same, in the name, place, and stead of the Corporation or otherwise, for Indemnitees benefit. Such fund or other
arrangements shall be available to Indemnitee for payment of Losses upon the Corporations failure, inability, or refusal to pay
Losses incurred by the Indemnitee.

8.
Right of Indemnitee to Indemnification upon Application; Selection of Independent Counsel; Procedure upon Application.

(a)
Any application for indemnification under this Agreement, other than when Losses are paid in advance of any final disposition pursuant
to Section 5 hereof, shall be submitted to the board of directors. If a quorum of the board of directors were not parties to the action,
suit, proceeding or other matter, a majority of the directors who were not parties to the action, suit, proceeding or other matter may
determine whether indemnification of the applicant is not prohibited by law or may have such determination made by Independent Counsel
in a written decision. If a quorum of the board directors who were not parties to the action cannot be obtained, the board of directors
shall have such determination made by Independent Counsel in a written decision. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, the board of
directors may under any circumstances submit the determination of whether indemnification is proper in the circumstances to the stockholders.
The board of directors shall respond to a request for indemnification or initiate the process of submitting the determination to the
stockholders within 45 days after receipt by the Corporation of the written application for indemnification.

11

(b)
If required, Independent Counsel shall be selected by the board of directors, and the Corporation shall give written notice to Indemnitee
advising him of the identity of Independent Counsel so selected. Indemnitee may, within seven days after such written notice of selection
shall have been given, deliver to the Corporation a written objection to such selection. Such objection may be asserted only on the ground
that Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel, as defined in Section 1, and
the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. If such written objection is made, Independent
Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until a court has determined that such objection is without merit.
If, within 20 days after submission by Indemnitee of a written objection to the Independent Counsel selected, the Corporation has failed
to identify a replacement Independent Counsel, the Indemnitee may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for resolution of any
objection that shall have been made by Indemnitee to the Corporations selection of Independent Counsel and for appointment as
Independent Counsel of a person selected by such court or by such other person as such court shall designate, and the person with respect
to whom an objection is so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel. The Corporation shall pay any and all
reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel incurred by such Independent Counsel in connection with its fees and expenses incident
to the procedures of this Section 8 regardless of the manner in which such Independent Counsel was selected or appointed.

(c)
The right to indemnification or advances as provided by this Agreement shall be enforceable by Indemnitee in any court of competent jurisdiction.
The burden of proving that indemnification is not appropriate shall be on the Corporation. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including
its board of directors or Independent Counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such action that indemnification
is proper in the circumstances, nor an actual determination by the Corporation (including its board of directors or Independent Counsel)
that indemnification is not proper in the circumstances, shall be a defense to the action, suit, proceeding, or other matter or create
a presumption that indemnification is not proper in the circumstances.

9.
Notice to Insurers. If, at the time of the receipt of an application for indemnification pursuant to Section 2 hereof or a request
for advances of Losses pursuant to Section 5 hereof, the Corporation has director and officer liability insurance in effect, the Corporation
shall give prompt notice of the commencement of such Indemnifiable Matter to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth
in the respective policies. The Corporation shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on
behalf of the Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such Indemnifiable Matter in accordance with the terms of such policies.

10.
Undertaking by Indemnitee. Indemnitee hereby undertakes to repay to the Corporation any advances of Losses pursuant to this Agreement
to the extent that it is ultimately determined pursuant to a Final Adjudication that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification.

12

11.
Indemnification Hereunder Not Exclusive. The indemnification and advancement of Losses provided by this Agreement shall not be
deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may be entitled under the Articles or Bylaws, the Delaware Law, any policy or
policies of directors and officers liability insurance, any other agreement, any vote of stockholders or disinterested
directors, or otherwise, both as to action in his official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office (together,
Other Indemnification). However, Indemnitee shall reimburse the Corporation for amounts paid to him under Other
Indemnification and not under this Agreement in an amount equal to any payments received pursuant to such Other Indemnification, to the
extent such payments duplicate any payments received pursuant to this Agreement.

12.
Continuation of Indemnity. All agreements and obligations of the Corporation contained herein shall continue during the period
Indemnitee is a director, officer, employee, agent, or advisor of the Corporation (or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation
as a director, officer, employee, agent, or advisor of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, limited liability company,
or other enterprise) and shall continue thereafter so long as Indemnitee shall be subject to any possible Indemnifiable Matter.

13.
Partial Indemnification. If Indemnitee is entitled under any provision of this Agreement to indemnification by the Corporation
for some or a portion of Losses, but not, however, for the total amount thereof, the Corporation shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee
for the portion of such Losses to which Indemnitee is entitled.

14.
Settlement of Claims. The Corporation shall not be liable to indemnify Indemnitee under this Agreement for any amounts paid in
settlement of any Indemnifiable Matter effected without the Corporations written consent. The Corporation shall not settle any
Indemnifiable Matter in any manner that would impose any penalty or limitation on Indemnitees rights under this Agreement without
Indemnitees written consent. Neither the Corporation nor Indemnitee will unreasonably withhold its consent to any proposed settlement.
The Corporation shall not be liable to indemnify Indemnitee under this Agreement with regard to any judicial award if the Corporation
was not given a reasonable and timely opportunity, at its expense, to participate in the defense of such action.

15.
Change in Control.

(a)
Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 6, any provision for the benefit of officers and directors existing immediately prior to a
Change in Control, including officer and director liability insurance, an indemnification trust fund or other financial arrangements,
shall be maintained for so long as Indemnitee is subject to any Indemnifiable Matter. In the case of officer and director liability insurance,
such insurance shall be maintained with the same scope and amount of coverage, with no larger deductible or retention amounts, and otherwise
on the same terms and conditions as were in effect immediately prior to such Change in Control unless such coverages, terms and conditions
are no longer available.

(b)
With respect to all matters thereafter arising concerning the rights of Indemnitee to payments of Losses under this Agreement or any
other agreement, or under the Articles or Bylaws as now or hereafter in effect, independent counsel shall be selected by the Indemnitee
and approved by the Corporation (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld). Such counsel, among other things, shall render its
written opinion to the Corporation and Indemnitee as to whether and to what extent Indemnitee would be permitted to be indemnified under
Delaware Law as determined in accordance with Section 16(d). The Corporation agrees to abide by such opinion and to pay the reasonable
fees of the independent counsel referred to above and to fully indemnify such counsel against any and all expenses (including attorneys
fees), claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto.

13

16.
Enforcement.

(a)
The Corporation expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on the Corporation
hereby in order to induce Indemnitee to serve as a director or officer of the Corporation, and acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying
upon this Agreement in continuing as a director or officer. The Corporation shall be precluded from asserting in any action commenced
pursuant to this Section 16 that the procedures and presumptions in this section are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate
in any such judicial proceedings that the Corporation is bound by all of the provisions of this Agreement.

(b)
In any action commenced pursuant to this Section 16, Indemnitee shall be presumed to be entitled to indemnification and advancement of
Losses in accordance with Section 5 under this Agreement, as the case may be, and the Corporation shall have the burden of proof in overcoming
such presumption and must show by clear and convincing evidence that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification or advancement of
Losses, as the case may be.

(c)
The execution of this Agreement shall constitute the Corporations stipulation by which it shall be irrevocably bound in any action
by Indemnitee for enforcement of Indemnitees rights hereunder that the Corporations obligations set forth in this Agreement
are unique and special, and that failure of the Corporation to comply with the provisions of this Agreement will cause irreparable and
immediate injury to Indemnitee, for which a remedy at law will be inadequate. As a result, in addition to any other right or remedy Indemnitee
may have at law or in equity respecting a breach of this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be entitled to injunctive or mandatory relief directing
specific performance by the Corporation of its obligations under this Agreement.

(d)
In the event that Indemnitee shall deem it shall be necessary or desirable to retain legal counsel and/or incur other costs and expenses
in connection with the interpretation or enforcement of any or all of Indemnitees rights under this Agreement, Indemnitee shall
be entitled to recover from the Corporation, and the Corporation shall indemnify Indemnitee against, any and all fees, costs, and expenses
(of the types described in the definition of Losses in Section 1(b)) incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the interpretation or
enforcement of said rights. The Corporation shall make payment to the Indemnitee at the time such fees, costs, and expenses are incurred
by Indemnitee. If, however, the Indemnitee does not prevail in such action under this Section 16, Indemnitee shall repay any and all
such amounts to the Corporation. If it shall be determined in an action pursuant to this Section 16 that Indemnitee is entitled to receive
part but not all of the indemnification or advancement of fees, costs, and expenses or other benefit sought, the expenses incurred by
Indemnitee in connection with an action pursuant to this Section 16 shall be equitably allocated between the Corporation and Indemnitee.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Change in Control shall have occurred, Indemnitee shall be entitled to indemnification under this
Section 16 regardless of whether Indemnitee ultimately prevails in such judicial adjudication or arbitration. This Section 16(b) is not
subject to the provisions of Section 8.

14

17.
Governing Law; Binding Effect; Amendment and Termination; Construction.

(a)
This Agreement shall be interpreted and enforced in accordance with Delaware Law.

(b)
This Agreement shall be binding upon the Corporation, its successors and assigns, and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee such Indemnitees
actual or alleged alter egos, spouse, family members, and corporations, partnerships, limited liability companies, trusts, and other
enterprises or entities of any form whatsoever under the control of any of the foregoing, the property of all of the foregoing, and the
successors and assigns of all of the foregoing.

(c)
No amendment, modification, termination, or cancellation of this Agreement shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Corporation
and Indemnitee.

(d)
This Agreement shall be construed liberally in favor of the Indemnitee to the fullest extent possible under Delaware Law, even if such
indemnification is not specifically authorized by this Agreement or any other agreement, the Articles or Bylaws, or by Delaware Law.
In the event Delaware Law is changed after the date of this Agreement, through statutory amendment, judicial interpretation, administrative
regulations or otherwise, to allow additional indemnification or to remove or restrict current limitations on indemnification, this Agreement
shall be deemed to be amended and reformed so that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits of such change. In the
event of any change in Delaware Law that narrows or restricts the right of a Delaware corporation to indemnify Indemnitee, such change,
to the extent not otherwise required by Delaware Law to be applied to Indemnitee in the relevant circumstances, shall have no effect
on this Agreement or the rights and obligations of the parties hereunder.

18.
Mutual Acknowledgement; Federal Preemption. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, both the Corporation and Indemnitee
acknowledge and agree that in certain instances, federal law or applicable public policy may prohibit the Corporation from indemnifying
its directors and officers under this Agreement or otherwise. Such instances include, but are not limited to, the Securities and Exchange
Commissions prohibition on indemnification for liabilities arising under certain federal securities laws. Indemnitee understands
and acknowledges that the Corporation has undertaken, or may be required in the future to undertake with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, to submit the question of indemnification to a court in certain circumstances for a determination of the Corporations
right under public policy to indemnify Indemnitee.

19.
Severability. If any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable:

(a)
the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be in any way affected or impaired
thereby; and

15

(b)
to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested by
the provision held invalid, illegal, or unenforceable.

Each
section of this Agreement is a separate and independent portion of this Agreement. If the indemnification to which Indemnitee is entitled
as respects any aspect of any claim varies between two or more sections of this Agreement, that section providing the most comprehensive
indemnification shall apply.

20.
Notice. Any notice, demand, request, or other communication permitted or required under this Agreement shall be in writing and
shall be deemed to have been given as of the date so delivered, if personally served; as of the date so sent, if transmitted by facsimile
and receipt is confirmed by the facsimile operator of the recipient; as of the date so sent, if sent by electronic mail and receipt is
acknowledged by the recipient; one day after the date so sent, if delivered by overnight courier service; or three days after the date
so mailed, if mailed by certified mail, return receipt requested, addressed as follows:

If
to the Corporation: Alpha
Modus Holdings, Inc.

20311
Chartwell Center Drive, #1469

Cornelius,
NC 28031

If
to Indemnitee, to: Michael
Garel

[redacted]

or
such other addresses, facsimile numbers, or electronic mail address as shall be furnished in writing by any party in the manner for giving
notices hereunder.

[Signature
Page Follows]

16

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement to be effective on and as of the day and year first above written.

Corporation:

By: /s/
William Alessi

William
Alessi

William
Alessi

Chief
Executive Officer

Indemnitee:

/s/
Michael Garel

Michael
Garel
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex10-4.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.4

DIRECTOR
AGREEMENT

THIS
DIRECTOR AGREEMENT (the Agreement) is made effective as of the 7th day of October, 2024, and is by and between Alpha
Modus Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation formerly known as Insight Acquisition Corp. (hereinafter referred to as the Company),
and Scott Wattenberg (hereinafter referred to as the Director).

WHEREAS,
it is essential to the Company to retain and attract as directors the most capable persons available to serve on the board of directors
of the Company (the Board).

WHEREAS,
the Board believes that Director possesses the necessary qualifications and abilities to serve as a director of the Company and desires
to appoint the Director to fill an existing vacancy on the Board and to perform the duties of an Director.

WHEREAS
the Director desires to be so appointed for such position and to perform the duties required of such position in accordance with
the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration for the above recited promises and the mutual promises contained herein, the adequacy and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Director hereby agree as follows:

1.
DUTIES.

a.
The Director will serve as a director of the Company and perform all duties as a director of the Company, including without limitation
(a) attending meetings of the Board, likely to occur quarterly on an in-person basis or more frequently by telephone and (b) serving,
if requested, on one or more committees of the Board (each a Committee) and attending meetings of each Committee of which
Director is a member. In fulfilling his responsibilities as a director of the Company, Director agrees that he shall act honestly and
in good faith with a view to the best interests of the Company and exercise the care, diligence and skill that a reasonably prudent person
would exercise in comparable circumstances.

b.
The Director will perform such duties described herein in accordance with the applicable laws and rules and regulations pertaining to
the Directors performance hereunder.

c.
The Director will at all times act as a fiduciary in the service and best interests of the Company and its stockholders. In addition,
the Director agrees to (i) provide, as reasonably and timely requested, all information regarding himself or herself as the Company requires
to satisfy its disclosure obligations under applicable securities laws; (ii) timely file with the Securities and Exchange Commission
all reports and schedules required of the Director in his or her personal capacity by virtue of his or her relationship with the Company
(e.g. Forms 3, 4 and 5 as contemplated by Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), provided that the Company shall prepare,
at its expense, such reports and schedules for the review of the Director and, following review and approval by the Director and his
advisors, file such reports and schedules.

2.
[RESERVED].

3.
TERM. The term of this Agreement (the Directorship Term) shall commence as of the date of the Directors
appointment by the Board of Directors of the Company and shall continue until the next annual meeting of the stockholders, or until the
Directors removal or resignation.

4.
COMPENSATION. For all services to be rendered by the Director in any capacity hereunder, the Company and Director agree as follows:

a.
For all services rendered by Director pursuant to this Agreement, the Company agrees to pay the Director shares of Company common stock
equivalent to a payment of $100,000 per annum, payable quarterly on the first day of each fiscal quarter beginning July 1, 2024, valued
based on the closing price listed on the NASDAQ Exchange as of the date of closing of the business combination with Alpha Modus, Corp.
Such stock will be considered restricted stock under the Securities Act of 1933, and Rule 144 promulgated thereunder. In addition, the
Company agrees to pay the Director a $25,000 per annum additional fee for serving on two (2) board Committees (the Audit Committee and
the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee). For clarity, total annual compensation payable to the Director in common stock of
the Company shall equal $125,000.

b.
NO OTHER BENEFITS OR COMPENSATION. Director acknowledges and agrees that he/she is not granted and is not entitled to any other
benefits or compensation from the Company for the services provided under this Agreement.

c. POTENTIAL
FUTURE INCREASES IN COMPENSATION. The Directors compensation shall be increased by (i) $25,000 per annum upon the
Companys achievement of each $5.0 million increase in revenue over a 12 month period. Upon the achievement of each revenue
increase milestone above, the Director may elect to receive up to 50% of total annual compensation in cash.

5.
EXPENSES. In addition to the compensation provided in paragraph 4, the Company will reimburse in cash the Director for reasonable
travel costs associated with attending four Board of Director meetings each year, as well as other pre-approved reasonable business related
expenses incurred in good faith in the performance of the Directors duties for the Company. Such payments shall be made promptly
by the Company upon submission by the Director of a signed statement itemizing the expenses incurred. Such statement shall be accompanied
by sufficient documentary matter to support the expenditures.

6.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. In no event shall the Director be individually liable or have personal recourse to the
Company or its stockholders for any damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a Director of the Company, unless Directors act or
failure to act involves intentional gross misconduct, fraud, criminal acts or a knowing violation of law.

2

7.
D&O INSURANCE. The Company will maintain a policy or policies of Director and Officer (D&O) liability insurance, and the
Director acknowledges this fact. Upon the Companys receipt of D&O liability insurance coverage, the Director shall be included
as an additional insured under such D&O insurance policy.

8.
DIRECTOR COVENANTS:

a.
Unauthorized Disclosure. The Director agrees and understands that in the Directors position with the Company, the
Director will have, has been and will be exposed to and receive information relating to the confidential affairs of the Company, including,
but not limited to, technical information, business and marketing plans, strategies, customer information, other information concerning
the Companys products, promotions, pricing, sourcing, development, financing, expansion plans, business policies and practices,
and other forms of information considered by the Company to be confidential and in the nature of trade secrets. The Director agrees that
during the Directorship Term and thereafter, the Director will keep such information confidential and will not disclose such information,
either directly or indirectly, to any third person or entity without the prior written consent of the Company, or use such information
for his or her own benefit or for the benefit of any third person; provided, however, that the Director may, after giving
prior notice to the Company to the extent practicable under the circumstances, disclose such information to the extent required by applicable
laws or governmental regulations or judicial or regulatory process. Upon termination of the Directorship Term, the Director will promptly
return to the Company and/or destroy at the Companys direction all property, notes, memoranda, writings, lists, files, reports,
customer lists, correspondence, technical data, other product or document, and any summary or compilation of the foregoing, in whatever
form, including, without limitation, in electronic form, which has been produced by, received by or otherwise submitted to the Director
in the course or otherwise as a result of the Directors position with the Company during or prior to the Directorship Term.

b.
[Reserved].

c.
Insider Trading Guidelines. Director agrees to comply with any policies adopted by the Company that are applicable to directors,
such as an Insider Trading Policy approved by the Companys Board of Directors.

d.
Remedies. The Director agrees that any breach of the terms of this Section 8 would result in irreparable injury and damage
to the Company for which the Company would have no adequate remedy at law; the Director therefore also agrees that in the event of said
breach or any threat of breach, the Company shall be entitled to an immediate injunction and restraining order to prevent such breach
and/or threatened breach and/or continued breach by the Director and/or any and all entities acting for and/or with the Director, without
having to prove damages or paying a bond, in addition to any other remedies to which the Company may be entitled at law or in equity.
The terms of this paragraph shall not prevent the Company from pursuing any other available remedies for any breach or threatened breach
hereof, including, but not limited to, the recovery of damages from the Director.

3

e.
Survival. The provisions of this Section 8 shall survive any termination of the Directorship Term, and the existence of
any claim or cause of action by the Director against the Company, whether predicated on this Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute
a defense to the enforcement by the Company of the covenants and agreements of this Section 8.

9.
TERMINATION. With or without cause, either party may terminate this Agreement at any time upon thirty (30) days written notice,
and the Company shall be obligated to pay to the Director the compensation and expenses due up to the date of the termination. Nothing
contained herein or omitted herefrom shall prevent the shareholder(s) of the Company from removing the Director with immediate effect
at any time for any reason.

10. INDEMNIFICATION
AGREEMENT. The parties shall enter into the indemnification agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A.

11.
EFFECT OF WAIVER. The waiver by either party of the breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate as or be construed
as a waiver of any subsequent breach thereof.

12.
NOTICES. All notices must be in writing. A notice may be delivered to a party at the address that follows a partys signature
BELOW or to a new address that a party designates in writing. A notice may be delivered in person, by certified mail, or by overnight
courier.

13.
GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with, and the rights of the parties hereto shall be determined
by, the laws of the State of Delaware without reference to that states conflicts of laws principles.

14.
ASSIGNMENT. The rights and benefits of the Company under this Agreement shall be transferable, and all the covenants and agreements
hereunder shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by or against, its successors and assigns. The duties and obligations of
the Director under this Agreement are personal and therefore the Director may not assign any right or duty under this Agreement without
the prior written consent of the Company.

15.
MISCELLANEOUS. If any provision of this Agreement shall be declared invalid or illegal, for any reason whatsoever, then, notwithstanding
such invalidity or illegality, the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect in the same
manner as if the invalid or illegal provision had not been contained herein.

16.
PARAGRAPH HEADINGS. The paragraph headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in
any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

17.
COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one instrument.
Facsimile execution and delivery of this Agreement is legal, valid and binding for all purposes.

18.
ENTIRE AGREEMENT. Except as provided elsewhere herein, this Agreement sets forth the entire agreement of the parties with respect
to its subject matter and supersedes all prior agreements, promises, covenants, arrangements, communications, representations or warranties,
whether oral or written, by any officer, employee or representative of any party to this Agreement with respect to such subject matter.

[SIGNATURE
PAGE FOLLOWS]

4

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Director Agreement to be duly executed and signed effective as of the day and year
first above written.

THE
COMPANY: 

/s/
William Alessi 

William
Alessi 

Chief
Executive Officer 

THE
DIRECTOR: 

/s/
Scott Wattenberg 

Individually 

Scott Wattenberg 

5

EXHIBIT
A

Indemnification
Agreement

6

INDEMNIFICATION
AGREEMENT

THIS
INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated effective as of October 7, 2024, is made by and between Alpha
Modus Hildings, Inc, a Delaware corporation (the Corporation), and Scott Wattenberg (the Indemnitee).

PREMISES

A.
The Corporation desires to provide for indemnification of the Corporations directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted
by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (collectively, Delaware Law).

B.
The parties recognize the continued difficulty in obtaining liability insurance for the Corporations directors, officers, employees,
stockholders, controlling persons, agents, and fiduciaries, the significant increases in the cost of such insurance, and the general
reductions in the coverage of such insurance. Furthermore, the parties further recognize the substantial increase in corporate litigation
in general, subjecting directors, officers, employees, controlling persons, stockholders, agents, and fiduciaries to expensive litigation
risks at the same time as the availability and coverage of liability insurance have been severely limited.

C.
Indemnitee does not regard the current protection available under the Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation, as the same may be
amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time (as amended, the Articles),
and the Bylaws of the Corporation (the Bylaws) as adequate under the present circumstances, and Indemnitee and other
directors, officers, employees, stockholders, controlling persons, agents, and fiduciaries of the Corporation may not be willing to serve
in such capacities without additional protection. Moreover, the Corporation (i) desires to attract and retain the involvement of highly
qualified persons, such as Indemnitee, to serve the Corporation and, in part, in order to induce Indemnitee to be involved with the Corporation,
(ii) wishes to provide for the indemnification and advancing of expenses to Indemnitee to the maximum extent permitted by law, and (iii)
wishes to assure Indemnitee that there will be increased certainty of adequate protection in the future.

D.
In addition to any insurance purchased by the Corporation on behalf of Indemnitee, it is reasonable, prudent, and necessary for the Corporation
to obligate itself contractually to indemnify Indemnitee so that he may remain free from undue concern that he will not be adequately
protected both during his service as an executive officer and a director of the Corporation and following any termination of such service.

E.
This Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Articles and Bylaws and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor or to abrogate
any rights of Indemnitee thereunder.

F.
The directors of the Corporation have duly approved this Agreement and the indemnification provided herein with the express recognition
that the indemnification arrangements provided herein exceed that which the Corporation would be required to provide pursuant to Delaware
Law.

7

AGREEMENT

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the covenants contained herein, the Corporation and Indemnitee do
hereby covenant and agree as follows:

1.
Definitions. As used in this Agreement:

(a)
A Change in Control means the occurrence of any of the following events:

(i)
any Person is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), directly
or indirectly, of securities of the Corporation representing 20% or more of the Corporations then outstanding voting securities
unless the change in relative beneficial ownership of the Corporations securities by any person results solely from a reduction
in the aggregate number of outstanding shares of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors;

(ii)
the consummation of a reorganization, merger or consolidation, unless immediately following such reorganization, merger or consolidation,
all of the beneficial owners of the voting securities of the Corporation immediately prior to such transaction beneficially own, directly
or indirectly, more than 50% of the combined voting power of the outstanding voting securities of the entity resulting from such transaction;

(iii)
during any period of two consecutive years, not including any period prior to the execution of this Agreement, individuals who at the
beginning of such period constituted the Board of Directors (the Board) (including for this purpose any new directors
whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Corporations stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds
(2/3) of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination
for election was previously so approved) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board; or

(iv)
the stockholders of the Corporation approve a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution of the Corporation or an agreement for the
sale or disposition by the Corporation of all or substantially all of the Corporations assets.

(b)
The term Indemnifiable Matter means any event, occurrence, status, or condition that takes place either prior to
or after the execution of this Agreement, including any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit, proceeding or alternative dispute
resolution activity, whether brought by or in the right of the Corporation or otherwise and whether of a civil, criminal, administrative,
or investigative nature, in which Indemnitee was, is, or believes might be involved as a party, witness, or otherwise (except any of
the foregoing initiated by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 16(a) to enforce Indemnitees rights under this Agreement), by reason
of the fact, in whole or in part, that Indemnitee is or was actually or allegedly a director, officer, agent, or advisor of the Corporation;
by reason of any action actually or allegedly taken by him or of any inaction or omission on his part while acting as a director, officer,
agent, or advisor of the Corporation; by reason of the registration, offer, sale, purchase, or ownership of any securities of the Corporation;
by reason of any duty owed to, respecting, or in connection with the Corporation; or by reason of the fact, in whole or in part, that
he is or was actually or allegedly serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee, agent, or advisor of another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, limited liability company, or other entity or enterprise, in each case whether or not
he is acting or serving in any such capacity at the time any loss, liability, or expense is incurred for which indemnification or reimbursement
can be provided under this Agreement and even though Indemnitee may have ceased to serve in such capacity.

8

(c)
The term Indemnitee shall include the Indemnitee named in the first paragraph of this Agreement and such Indemnitees
actual or alleged alter egos, spouse, family members, and corporations, partnerships, limited liability companies, trusts, and other
enterprises or entities of any form whatsoever under the control of any of the foregoing, and the property of all of the foregoing. The
term control (including the terms controlling, controlled by, and under
common control with) means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management
and policies of a person or entity, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise, as interpreted under
the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

(d)
Except as provided in Section 15, the term Independent Counsel shall mean an attorney, law firm, or member of a
law firm, who (or which) is licensed to practice law in the state of Delaware and is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither
presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent (i) the Corporation or Indemnitee in any other matter material
to either such party; or (ii) any other party to the Indemnifiable Matter giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional
conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Corporation or Indemnitee in an action to determine
Indemnitees rights under this Agreement. From time to time, the Corporation may select and preapprove the names of persons or
law firms that it deems qualified as Independent Counsel under the foregoing criteria. Further, at the request of Indemnitee, the Corporation
shall review the qualifications and suitability under the foregoing criteria of persons or law firms selected by Indemnitee and preapprove
them as Independent Counsel if they meet the foregoing criteria. An Independent Counsel that has already been preapproved by the board
of directors may be appointed as Independent Counsel without any further evaluation, so long as such prospective Independent Counsel
continues, as determined by the board of directors, to remain independent.

(e)
The term Losses means any and all losses, claims, damages, expenses, liabilities, judgments, fines, penalties and
actions in respect thereof, as they are incurred, against Indemnitee in connection with an Indemnifiable Matter; amounts paid by Indemnitee
in settlement of an Indemnifiable Matter; any indirect, consequential, or incidental damages suffered or incurred by Indemnitee; and
all attorneys fees and disbursements, accountants fees and disbursements, private investigation fees and disbursements,
retainers, court costs, payments of attachment, appeal or other bonds or security, transcript costs, fees of experts, fees and expenses
of witnesses, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, and
all other disbursements or expenses reasonably incurred by or for Indemnitee in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to
prosecute or defend, investigating, appealing, or being or preparing to be a witness in any threatened or pending Indemnifiable Matter
or establishing Indemnitees right or entitlement to indemnification for any of the foregoing.

9

(f)
Reference to other enterprise shall include employee benefit plans; references to fines shall include
any excise tax assessed with respect to any employee benefit plan; references to serving at the request of the Corporation
shall include any service as a director, officer, employee, agent, or advisor with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants,
or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in the interests of the participants
and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the
Corporation as referred to in this Agreement.

(g)
The term substantiating documentation shall mean copies of bills or invoices for costs incurred by or for Indemnitee,
or copies of court or agency orders, decrees, or settlement agreements, as the case may be, accompanied by a declaration, which need
not be notarized, from Indemnitee that such bills, invoices, court or agency orders, decrees, or settlement agreements represent costs
or liabilities meeting the definition of Losses herein.

2.
Indemnity of Indemnitee. The Corporation hereby agrees to indemnify, protect, defend and hold harmless Indemnitee against any
and all Losses incurred by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was a director, officer, agent, or advisor of the Corporation, or
is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee, agent or advisor of another corporation, partnership,
joint venture, trust, limited liability company, or other entity or enterprise, to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware Law. The
termination of any Indemnifiable Matter by judgment, order of the court, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere, or
its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, and with respect to any
criminal proceeding, shall not create a presumption that such person believed that his conduct was unlawful. The indemnification provided
herein shall be applicable whether or not the breach of any standard of care or duty, including a breach of a fiduciary duty, of the
Indemnitee is alleged or proven, except as limited by Section 3 herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of any Indemnifiable Matter brought by or in the right of the Corporation,
Indemnitee shall not be entitled to indemnification for any claim, issue, or matter as to which Indemnitee has been adjudged by a court
of competent jurisdiction, after exhaustion of all appeals therefrom (a Final Adjudication), to be liable to the
Corporation or for amounts paid in settlement to the Corporation unless, and only to the extent that, the court in which the Indemnifiable
Matter was brought or another court of competent jurisdiction determines, on application, that in view of all the circumstances, the Indemnitee
is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses as the court deems proper.

3.
Limit on Indemnification. Notwithstanding any breach of any standard of care or duty, including breach of a fiduciary duty, by
the Indemnitee, and subject to the restrictions under Delaware Law, the Corporation shall indemnify Indemnitee except when a Final Adjudication establishes that Indemnitees
acts or omissions involved intentional misconduct, fraud, or a knowing violation of law and were material to the cause of action.

10

4.
Choice of Counsel. Indemnitee shall be entitled to employ and be reimbursed for the fees and disbursements of counsel separate
from that chosen by any other person or persons whom the Corporation is obligated to indemnify with respect to the same or any related
or similar Indemnifiable Matter.

5.
Advances of Losses. Losses (other than judgments, penalties, fines, and settlements) incurred by Indemnitee shall be paid by the
Corporation, in advance of the final disposition of the Indemnifiable Matter, within 10 days after receipt of Indemnitees written
request accompanied by substantiating documentation.

6.
Officer and Director Liability Insurance. The Corporation shall, from time to time, make the good faith determination whether
or not it is practicable for the Corporation to obtain and maintain a policy or policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies
providing the officers and directors of the Corporation with coverage for losses, or to ensure the Corporations performance of
its indemnification obligations under this Agreement. Among other considerations, the Corporation will weigh the costs of obtaining such
insurance coverage against the protection afforded by such coverage. The Corporation shall consult with and be heard by Indemnitee in
connection with the Corporations actions hereunder. In all policies of director and officer liability insurance, (a) Indemnitee
shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide Indemnitee the same rights and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably
insured of the Corporations directors, if Indemnitee is a director, or of the Corporations officers, if Indemnitee is not
a director of the Corporation but is an officer; and (b) the policy shall provide that it shall not be cancelled or materially modified
without 30 days prior written notice to Indemnitee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Corporation shall have no obligation to
obtain or maintain such insurance if the Corporation determines in good faith that such insurance is not reasonably available, if the
premium costs for such insurance are disproportionate to the amount of coverage provided, if the coverage provided by such insurance
is limited by exclusions so as to provide an insufficient benefit, or if Indemnitee is covered by similar insurance maintained by a subsidiary
or parent of the Corporation.

7.
Indemnification Trust Fund or Other Financial Arrangements. Pursuant to Delaware Law, the Corporation may establish an indemnification
trust fund or make other financial arrangements acceptable to Indemnitee for Indemnitees benefit. Indemnitee shall be an intended
third-party beneficiary of any such fund or arrangement, with the right, power, and authority of the Indemnitee to sue for, enforce,
and collect the same, in the name, place, and stead of the Corporation or otherwise, for Indemnitees benefit. Such fund or other
arrangements shall be available to Indemnitee for payment of Losses upon the Corporations failure, inability, or refusal to pay
Losses incurred by the Indemnitee.

8.
Right of Indemnitee to Indemnification upon Application; Selection of Independent Counsel; Procedure upon Application.

(a)
Any application for indemnification under this Agreement, other than when Losses are paid in advance of any final disposition pursuant
to Section 5 hereof, shall be submitted to the board of directors. If a quorum of the board of directors were not parties to the action,
suit, proceeding or other matter, a majority of the directors who were not parties to the action, suit, proceeding or other matter may
determine whether indemnification of the applicant is not prohibited by law or may have such determination made by Independent Counsel
in a written decision. If a quorum of the board directors who were not parties to the action cannot be obtained, the board of directors
shall have such determination made by Independent Counsel in a written decision. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, the board of
directors may under any circumstances submit the determination of whether indemnification is proper in the circumstances to the stockholders.
The board of directors shall respond to a request for indemnification or initiate the process of submitting the determination to the
stockholders within 45 days after receipt by the Corporation of the written application for indemnification.

11

(b)
If required, Independent Counsel shall be selected by the board of directors, and the Corporation shall give written notice to Indemnitee
advising him of the identity of Independent Counsel so selected. Indemnitee may, within seven days after such written notice of selection
shall have been given, deliver to the Corporation a written objection to such selection. Such objection may be asserted only on the ground
that Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel, as defined in Section 1, and
the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. If such written objection is made, Independent
Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until a court has determined that such objection is without merit.
If, within 20 days after submission by Indemnitee of a written objection to the Independent Counsel selected, the Corporation has failed
to identify a replacement Independent Counsel, the Indemnitee may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for resolution of any
objection that shall have been made by Indemnitee to the Corporations selection of Independent Counsel and for appointment as
Independent Counsel of a person selected by such court or by such other person as such court shall designate, and the person with respect
to whom an objection is so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel. The Corporation shall pay any and all
reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel incurred by such Independent Counsel in connection with its fees and expenses incident
to the procedures of this Section 8 regardless of the manner in which such Independent Counsel was selected or appointed.

(c)
The right to indemnification or advances as provided by this Agreement shall be enforceable by Indemnitee in any court of competent jurisdiction.
The burden of proving that indemnification is not appropriate shall be on the Corporation. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including
its board of directors or Independent Counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such action that indemnification
is proper in the circumstances, nor an actual determination by the Corporation (including its board of directors or Independent Counsel)
that indemnification is not proper in the circumstances, shall be a defense to the action, suit, proceeding, or other matter or create
a presumption that indemnification is not proper in the circumstances.

9.
Notice to Insurers. If, at the time of the receipt of an application for indemnification pursuant to Section 2 hereof or a request
for advances of Losses pursuant to Section 5 hereof, the Corporation has director and officer liability insurance in effect, the Corporation
shall give prompt notice of the commencement of such Indemnifiable Matter to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth
in the respective policies. The Corporation shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on
behalf of the Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such Indemnifiable Matter in accordance with the terms of such policies.

12

10.
Undertaking by Indemnitee. Indemnitee hereby undertakes to repay to the Corporation any advances of Losses pursuant to this Agreement
to the extent that it is ultimately determined pursuant to a Final Adjudication that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification.

11.
Indemnification Hereunder Not Exclusive. The indemnification and advancement of Losses provided by this Agreement shall not be
deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may be entitled under the Articles or Bylaws, the Delaware Law, any policy or
policies of directors and officers liability insurance, any other agreement, any vote of stockholders or disinterested
directors, or otherwise, both as to action in his official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office (together,
Other Indemnification). However, Indemnitee shall reimburse the Corporation for amounts paid to him under Other
Indemnification and not under this Agreement in an amount equal to any payments received pursuant to such Other Indemnification, to the
extent such payments duplicate any payments received pursuant to this Agreement.

12.
Continuation of Indemnity. All agreements and obligations of the Corporation contained herein shall continue during the period
Indemnitee is a director, officer, employee, agent, or advisor of the Corporation (or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation
as a director, officer, employee, agent, or advisor of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, limited liability company,
or other enterprise) and shall continue thereafter so long as Indemnitee shall be subject to any possible Indemnifiable Matter.

13.
Partial Indemnification. If Indemnitee is entitled under any provision of this Agreement to indemnification by the Corporation
for some or a portion of Losses, but not, however, for the total amount thereof, the Corporation shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee
for the portion of such Losses to which Indemnitee is entitled.

14.
Settlement of Claims. The Corporation shall not be liable to indemnify Indemnitee under this Agreement for any amounts paid in
settlement of any Indemnifiable Matter effected without the Corporations written consent. The Corporation shall not settle any
Indemnifiable Matter in any manner that would impose any penalty or limitation on Indemnitees rights under this Agreement without
Indemnitees written consent. Neither the Corporation nor Indemnitee will unreasonably withhold its consent to any proposed settlement.
The Corporation shall not be liable to indemnify Indemnitee under this Agreement with regard to any judicial award if the Corporation
was not given a reasonable and timely opportunity, at its expense, to participate in the defense of such action.

15.
Change in Control.

(a)
Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 6, any provision for the benefit of officers and directors existing immediately prior to a
Change in Control, including officer and director liability insurance, an indemnification trust fund or other financial arrangements,
shall be maintained for so long as Indemnitee is subject to any Indemnifiable Matter. In the case of officer and director liability insurance,
such insurance shall be maintained with the same scope and amount of coverage, with no larger deductible or retention amounts, and otherwise
on the same terms and conditions as were in effect immediately prior to such Change in Control unless such coverages, terms and conditions
are no longer available.

13

(b)
With respect to all matters thereafter arising concerning the rights of Indemnitee to payments of Losses under this Agreement or any
other agreement, or under the Articles or Bylaws as now or hereafter in effect, independent counsel shall be selected by the Indemnitee
and approved by the Corporation (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld). Such counsel, among other things, shall render its
written opinion to the Corporation and Indemnitee as to whether and to what extent Indemnitee would be permitted to be indemnified under
Delaware Law as determined in accordance with Section 16(d). The Corporation agrees to abide by such opinion and to pay the reasonable
fees of the independent counsel referred to above and to fully indemnify such counsel against any and all expenses (including attorneys
fees), claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto.

16.
Enforcement.

(a)
The Corporation expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on the Corporation
hereby in order to induce Indemnitee to serve as a director or officer of the Corporation, and acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying
upon this Agreement in continuing as a director or officer. The Corporation shall be precluded from asserting in any action commenced
pursuant to this Section 16 that the procedures and presumptions in this section are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate
in any such judicial proceedings that the Corporation is bound by all of the provisions of this Agreement.

(b)
In any action commenced pursuant to this Section 16, Indemnitee shall be presumed to be entitled to indemnification and advancement of
Losses in accordance with Section 5 under this Agreement, as the case may be, and the Corporation shall have the burden of proof in overcoming
such presumption and must show by clear and convincing evidence that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification or advancement of
Losses, as the case may be.

(c)
The execution of this Agreement shall constitute the Corporations stipulation by which it shall be irrevocably bound in any action
by Indemnitee for enforcement of Indemnitees rights hereunder that the Corporations obligations set forth in this Agreement
are unique and special, and that failure of the Corporation to comply with the provisions of this Agreement will cause irreparable and
immediate injury to Indemnitee, for which a remedy at law will be inadequate. As a result, in addition to any other right or remedy Indemnitee
may have at law or in equity respecting a breach of this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be entitled to injunctive or mandatory relief directing
specific performance by the Corporation of its obligations under this Agreement.

(d)
In the event that Indemnitee shall deem it shall be necessary or desirable to retain legal counsel and/or incur other costs and expenses
in connection with the interpretation or enforcement of any or all of Indemnitees rights under this Agreement, Indemnitee shall
be entitled to recover from the Corporation, and the Corporation shall indemnify Indemnitee against, any and all fees, costs, and expenses
(of the types described in the definition of Losses in Section 1(b)) incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the interpretation or
enforcement of said rights. The Corporation shall make payment to the Indemnitee at the time such fees, costs, and expenses are incurred
by Indemnitee. If, however, the Indemnitee does not prevail in such action under this Section 16, Indemnitee shall repay any and all
such amounts to the Corporation. If it shall be determined in an action pursuant to this Section 16 that Indemnitee is entitled to receive
part but not all of the indemnification or advancement of fees, costs, and expenses or other benefit sought, the expenses incurred by
Indemnitee in connection with an action pursuant to this Section 16 shall be equitably allocated between the Corporation and Indemnitee.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Change in Control shall have occurred, Indemnitee shall be entitled to indemnification under this
Section 16 regardless of whether Indemnitee ultimately prevails in such judicial adjudication or arbitration. This Section 16(b) is not
subject to the provisions of Section 8.

14

17.
Governing Law; Binding Effect; Amendment and Termination; Construction.

(a)
This Agreement shall be interpreted and enforced in accordance with Delaware Law.

(b)
This Agreement shall be binding upon the Corporation, its successors and assigns, and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee such Indemnitees
actual or alleged alter egos, spouse, family members, and corporations, partnerships, limited liability companies, trusts, and other
enterprises or entities of any form whatsoever under the control of any of the foregoing, the property of all of the foregoing, and the
successors and assigns of all of the foregoing.

(c)
No amendment, modification, termination, or cancellation of this Agreement shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Corporation
and Indemnitee.

(d)
This Agreement shall be construed liberally in favor of the Indemnitee to the fullest extent possible under Delaware Law, even if such
indemnification is not specifically authorized by this Agreement or any other agreement, the Articles or Bylaws, or by Delaware Law.
In the event Delaware Law is changed after the date of this Agreement, through statutory amendment, judicial interpretation, administrative
regulations or otherwise, to allow additional indemnification or to remove or restrict current limitations on indemnification, this Agreement
shall be deemed to be amended and reformed so that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits of such change. In the
event of any change in Delaware Law that narrows or restricts the right of a Delaware corporation to indemnify Indemnitee, such change,
to the extent not otherwise required by Delaware Law to be applied to Indemnitee in the relevant circumstances, shall have no effect
on this Agreement or the rights and obligations of the parties hereunder.

18.
Mutual Acknowledgement; Federal Preemption. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, both the Corporation and Indemnitee
acknowledge and agree that in certain instances, federal law or applicable public policy may prohibit the Corporation from indemnifying
its directors and officers under this Agreement or otherwise. Such instances include, but are not limited to, the Securities and Exchange
Commissions prohibition on indemnification for liabilities arising under certain federal securities laws. Indemnitee understands
and acknowledges that the Corporation has undertaken, or may be required in the future to undertake with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, to submit the question of indemnification to a court in certain circumstances for a determination of the Corporations
right under public policy to indemnify Indemnitee.

19.
Severability. If any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable:

(a)
the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be in any way affected or impaired
thereby; and

15

(b)
to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested by
the provision held invalid, illegal, or unenforceable.

Each
section of this Agreement is a separate and independent portion of this Agreement. If the indemnification to which Indemnitee is entitled
as respects any aspect of any claim varies between two or more sections of this Agreement, that section providing the most comprehensive
indemnification shall apply.

20.
Notice. Any notice, demand, request, or other communication permitted or required under this Agreement shall be in writing and
shall be deemed to have been given as of the date so delivered, if personally served; as of the date so sent, if transmitted by facsimile
and receipt is confirmed by the facsimile operator of the recipient; as of the date so sent, if sent by electronic mail and receipt is
acknowledged by the recipient; one day after the date so sent, if delivered by overnight courier service; or three days after the date
so mailed, if mailed by certified mail, return receipt requested, addressed as follows:

If
to the Corporation: Alpha
Modus Holdings, Inc.

20311
Chartwell Center Drive, #1469

Cornelius,
NC 28031

If
to Indemnitee, to: Scott Wattenberg

[redacted]

or
such other addresses, facsimile numbers, or electronic mail address as shall be furnished in writing by any party in the manner for giving
notices hereunder.

[Signature
Page Follows]

16

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement to be effective on and as of the day and year first above written.

Corporation:

By: /s/
William Alessi

William
Alessi

Chief
Executive Officer

Indemnitee:

/s/
Scott Wattenberg

Scott Wattenberg
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex10-5.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.5

DIRECTOR
AGREEMENT

THIS
DIRECTOR AGREEMENT (the Agreement) is made effective as of the 26th day of October, 2024, and
is by and between Alpha Modus Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation formerly known as Insight Acquisition Corp. (hereinafter
referred to as the Company), and William Ullman (hereinafter referred to as the
Director).

WHEREAS,
it is essential to the Company to retain and attract as directors the most capable persons available to serve on the board of directors
of the Company (the Board).

WHEREAS,
the Board believes that Director possesses the necessary qualifications and abilities to serve as a director of the Company and desires
to appoint the Director to fill an existing vacancy on the Board and to perform the duties of an Director.

WHEREAS
the Director desires to be so appointed for such position and to perform the duties required of such position in accordance with
the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration for the above recited promises and the mutual promises contained herein, the adequacy and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Director hereby agree as follows:

1.
DUTIES.

a. The
Director will serve as a director of the Company and perform all duties as a director of the Company, including without limitation (a)
attending meetings of the Board, likely to occur quarterly on an in-person basis or more frequently by telephone and

(b)
serving, if requested, on one or more committees of the Board (each a Committee) and attending meetings of each Committee
of which Director is a member. In fulfilling his responsibilities as a director of the Company, Director agrees that he shall act honestly
and in good faith with a view to the best interests of the Company and exercise the care, diligence and skill that a reasonably prudent
person would exercise in comparable circumstances.

b. The
Director will perform such duties described herein in accordance with the applicable laws and rules and regulations pertaining to the
Directors performance hereunder.

c. The
Director will at all times act as a fiduciary in the service and best interests of the Company and its stockholders. In addition, the
Director agrees to (i) provide, as reasonably and timely requested, all information regarding himself or herself as the Company requires
to satisfy its disclosure obligations under applicable securities laws; (ii) timely file with the Securities and Exchange Commission
all reports and schedules required of the Director in his or her personal capacity by virtue of his or her relationship with the Company
(e.g. Forms 3, 4 and 5 as contemplated by Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), provided that the Company shall prepare,
at its expense, such reports and schedules for the review of the Director and, following review and approval by the Director and his
advisors, file such reports and schedules.

2.
[RESERVED].

3. TERM.
The term of this Agreement (the Directorship Term) shall commence as of the date of the Directors appointment
by the Board of Directors of the Company and shall continue until the next annual meeting of the stockholders, or until the Directors
removal or resignation.

4. COMPENSATION.
For all services to be rendered by the Director in any capacity hereunder, the Company and Director agree as follows:

a. For
all services rendered by Director pursuant to this Agreement, the Company agrees to pay the Director shares of Company common stock equivalent
to a payment of $100,000 per annum, payable quarterly on the first day of each fiscal quarter beginning July 1, 2024, valued based on
the closing price listed on the NASDAQ Exchange as of the date of closing of the business combination with Alpha Modus, Corp. Such stock
will be considered restricted stock under the Securities Act of 1933, and Rule 144 promulgated thereunder. In addition, the Company agrees
to pay the Director a $25,000 per annum additional fee for serving on two (2) board Committees (the Audit Committee and the Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee). For clarity, total annual compensation payable to the Director in common stock of the Company shall
equal $125,000.

b. NO
OTHER BENEFITS OR COMPENSATION. Director acknowledges and agrees that he/she is not granted and is not entitled to any other benefits
or compensation from the Company for the services provided under this Agreement.

c. POTENTIAL
FUTURE INCREASES IN COMPENSATION. The Directors compensation shall be increased by (i) $25,000 per annum upon the
Companys achievement of each $5.0 million increase in revenue over a 12 month period. Upon the achievement of each revenue
increase milestone above, the Director may elect to receive up to 50% of total annual compensation in cash.

5. EXPENSES.
In addition to the compensation provided in paragraph 4, the Company will reimburse in cash the Director for reasonable travel costs
associated with attending four Board of Director meetings each year, as well as other pre-approved reasonable business related expenses
incurred in good faith in the performance of the Directors duties for the Company. Such payments shall be made promptly by the
Company upon submission by the Director of a signed statement itemizing the expenses incurred. Such statement shall be accompanied by
sufficient documentary matter to support the expenditures.

6. LIMITATION
OF LIABILITY. In no event shall the Director be individually liable or have personal recourse to the Company or its stockholders
for any damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a Director of the Company, unless Directors act or failure to act involves intentional
gross misconduct, fraud, criminal acts or a knowing violation of law.

2

7. D&O
INSURANCE. The Company will maintain a policy or policies of Director and Officer (D&O) liability insurance, and the Director
acknowledges this fact. Upon the Companys receipt of D&O liability insurance coverage, the Director shall be included as an
additional insured under such D&O insurance policy.

8.DIRECTOR COVENANTS:

a. Unauthorized
Disclosure. The Director agrees and understands that in the Directors position with the Company, the Director will have,
has been and will be exposed to and receive information relating to the confidential affairs of the Company, including, but not limited
to, technical information, business and marketing plans, strategies, customer information, other information concerning the Companys
products, promotions, pricing, sourcing, development, financing, expansion plans, business policies and practices, and other forms of
information considered by the Company to be confidential and in the nature of trade secrets. The Director agrees that during the Directorship
Term and thereafter, the Director will keep such information confidential and will not disclose such information, either directly or
indirectly, to any third person or entity without the prior written consent of the Company, or use such information for his or her own
benefit or for the benefit of any third person; provided, however, that the Director may, after giving prior notice to
the Company to the extent practicable under the circumstances, disclose such information to the extent required by applicable laws or
governmental regulations or judicial or regulatory process. Upon termination of the Directorship Term, the Director will promptly return
to the Company and/or destroy at the Companys direction all property, notes, memoranda, writings, lists, files, reports, customer
lists, correspondence, technical data, other product or document, and any summary or compilation of the foregoing, in whatever form,
including, without limitation, in electronic form, which has been produced by, received by or otherwise submitted to the Director in
the course or otherwise as a result of the Directors position with the Company during or prior to the Directorship Term.

b.[Reserved].

c. Insider
Trading Guidelines. Director agrees to comply with any policies adopted by the Company that are applicable to directors, such
as an Insider Trading Policy approved by the Companys Board of Directors.

d. Remedies.
The Director agrees that any breach of the terms of this Section 8 would result in irreparable injury and damage to the Company for which
the Company would have no adequate remedy at law; the Director therefore also agrees that in the event of said breach or any threat of
breach, the Company shall be entitled to an immediate injunction and restraining order to prevent such breach and/or threatened breach
and/or continued breach by the Director and/or any and all entities acting for and/or with the Director, without having to prove damages
or paying a bond, in addition to any other remedies to which the Company may be entitled at law or in equity. The terms of this paragraph
shall not prevent the Company from pursuing any other available remedies for any breach or threatened breach hereof, including, but not
limited to, the recovery of damages from the Director.

3

e. Survival.
The provisions of this Section 8 shall survive any termination of the Directorship Term, and the existence of any claim or cause of action
by the Director against the Company, whether predicated on this Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement
by the Company of the covenants and agreements of this Section 8.

9. TERMINATION.
With or without cause, either party may terminate this Agreement at any time upon thirty (30) days written notice, and the Company shall
be obligated to pay to the Director the compensation and expenses due up to the date of the termination. Nothing contained herein or
omitted herefrom shall prevent the shareholder(s) of the Company from removing the Director with immediate effect at any time for any
reason.

10. INDEMNIFICATION
AGREEMENT. The parties shall enter into the indemnification agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A.

11. EFFECT
OF WAIVER. The waiver by either party of the breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate as or be construed as a
waiver of any subsequent breach thereof.

12. NOTICES.
All notices must be in writing. A notice may be delivered to a party at the address that follows a partys signature BELOW or to
a new address that a party designates in writing. A notice may be delivered in person, by certified mail, or by overnight courier.

13. GOVERNING
LAW. This Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with, and the rights of the parties hereto shall be determined by, the laws
of the State of Delaware without reference to that states conflicts of laws principles.

14. ASSIGNMENT.
The rights and benefits of the Company under this Agreement shall be transferable, and all the covenants and agreements hereunder shall
inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by or against, its successors and assigns. The duties and obligations of the Director under
this Agreement are personal and therefore the Director may not assign any right or duty under this Agreement without the prior written
consent of the Company.

15. MISCELLANEOUS.
If any provision of this Agreement shall be declared invalid or illegal, for any reason whatsoever, then, notwithstanding such invalidity
or illegality, the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect in the same manner as if the
invalid or illegal provision had not been contained herein.

16. PARAGRAPH
HEADINGS. The paragraph headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the
meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

17. COUNTERPARTS.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one instrument. Facsimile
execution and delivery of this Agreement is legal, valid and binding for all purposes.

18. ENTIRE
AGREEMENT. Except as provided elsewhere herein, this Agreement sets forth the entire agreement of the parties with respect to its
subject matter and supersedes all prior agreements, promises, covenants, arrangements, communications, representations or warranties,
whether oral or written, by any officer, employee or representative of any party to this Agreement with respect to such subject matter.

[SIGNATURE
PAGE FOLLOWS]

4

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Director Agreement to be duly executed and signed effective as of the day and year
first above written.

THE
COMPANY: 

/s/
William Alessi 

William
Alessi 

Chief
Executive Officer 

THE
DIRECTOR: 

/s/
William Ullman 

Individually 

William
Ullman 

5

EXHIBIT
A

Indemnification
Agreement

6

INDEMNIFICATION
AGREEMENT

THIS
INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated effective as of 9/26/2024 | 10:01,:14 PDT 2024, is made by and
between Alpha Modus Hildings, Inc, a Delaware corporation (the Corporation), and William Ullman (the Indemnitee).

PREMISES

A. The
Corporation desires to provide for indemnification of the Corporations directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted
by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (collectively, Delaware Law).

B. The
parties recognize the continued difficulty in obtaining liability insurance for the Corporations directors, officers, employees,
stockholders, controlling persons, agents, and fiduciaries, the significant increases in the cost of such insurance, and the general
reductions in the coverage of such insurance. Furthermore, the parties further recognize the substantial increase in corporate litigation
in general, subjecting directors, officers, employees, controlling persons, stockholders, agents, and fiduciaries to expensive litigation
risks at the same time as the availability and coverage of liability insurance have been severely limited.

C. Indemnitee
does not regard the current protection available under the Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation, as the same may be amended,
restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time (as amended, the Articles),
and the Bylaws of the Corporation (the Bylaws) as adequate under the present circumstances, and Indemnitee and other
directors, officers, employees, stockholders, controlling persons, agents, and fiduciaries of the Corporation may not be willing to serve
in such capacities without additional protection. Moreover, the Corporation (i) desires to attract and retain the involvement of highly
qualified persons, such as Indemnitee, to serve the Corporation and, in part, in order to induce Indemnitee to be involved with the Corporation,
(ii) wishes to provide for the indemnification and advancing of expenses to Indemnitee to the maximum extent permitted by law, and (iii)
wishes to assure Indemnitee that there will be increased certainty of adequate protection in the future.

D. In
addition to any insurance purchased by the Corporation on behalf of Indemnitee, it is reasonable, prudent, and necessary for the Corporation
to obligate itself contractually to indemnify Indemnitee so that he may remain free from undue concern that he will not be adequately
protected both during his service as an executive officer and a director of the Corporation and following any termination of such service.

E. This
Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Articles and Bylaws and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor or to abrogate
any rights of Indemnitee thereunder.

F. The
directors of the Corporation have duly approved this Agreement and the indemnification provided herein with the express recognition that
the indemnification arrangements provided herein exceed that which the Corporation would be required to provide pursuant to Delaware
Law.

7

AGREEMENT

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the covenants contained herein, the Corporation and Indemnitee do hereby covenant
and agree as follows:

1.Definitions. As used in this Agreement:

(a)A Change in Control means the occurrence of any of the following events:

(i) any
Person is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), directly
or indirectly, of securities of the Corporation representing 20% or more of the Corporations then outstanding voting securities
unless the change in relative beneficial ownership of the Corporations securities by any person results solely from a reduction
in the aggregate number of outstanding shares of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors;

(ii) the
consummation of a reorganization, merger or consolidation, unless immediately following such reorganization, merger or consolidation,
all of the beneficial owners of the voting securities of the Corporation immediately prior to such transaction beneficially own, directly
or indirectly, more than 50% of the combined voting power of the outstanding voting securities of the entity resulting from such transaction;

(iii) during
any period of two consecutive years, not including any period prior to the execution of this Agreement, individuals who at the beginning
of such period constituted the Board of Directors (the Board) (including for this purpose any new directors whose
election by the Board or nomination for election by the Corporations stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds
(2/3) of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination
for election was previously so approved) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board; or

(iv) the
stockholders of the Corporation approve a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution of the Corporation or an agreement for the sale
or disposition by the Corporation of all or substantially all of the Corporations assets.

(b) The
term Indemnifiable Matter means any event, occurrence, status, or condition that takes place either prior to or
after the execution of this Agreement, including any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit, proceeding or alternative dispute
resolution activity, whether brought by or in the right of the Corporation or otherwise and whether of a civil, criminal, administrative,
or investigative nature, in which Indemnitee was, is, or believes might be involved as a party, witness, or otherwise (except any of
the foregoing initiated by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 16(a) to enforce Indemnitees rights under this Agreement), by reason
of the fact, in whole or in part, that Indemnitee is or was actually or allegedly a director, officer, agent, or advisor of the Corporation;
by reason of any action actually or allegedly taken by him or of any inaction or omission on his part while acting as a director, officer,
agent, or advisor of the Corporation; by reason of the registration, offer, sale, purchase, or ownership of any securities of the Corporation;
by reason of any duty owed to, respecting, or in connection with the Corporation; or by reason of the fact, in whole or in part, that
he is or was actually or allegedly serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee, agent, or advisor of another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, limited liability company, or other entity or enterprise, in each case whether or not
he is acting or serving in any such capacity at the time any loss, liability, or expense is incurred for which indemnification or reimbursement
can be provided under this Agreement and even though Indemnitee may have ceased to serve in such capacity.

8

(c) The
term Indemnitee shall include the Indemnitee named in the first paragraph of this Agreement and such Indemnitees
actual or alleged alter egos, spouse, family members, and corporations, partnerships, limited liability companies, trusts, and other
enterprises or entities of any form whatsoever under the control of any of the foregoing, and the property of all of the foregoing. The
term control (including the terms controlling, controlled by, and under
common control with) means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management
and policies of a person or entity, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise, as interpreted under
the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

(d) Except
as provided in Section 15, the term Independent Counsel shall mean an attorney, law firm, or member of a law firm,
who (or which) is licensed to practice law in the state of Delaware and is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently
is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent (i) the Corporation or Indemnitee in any other matter material to either
such party; or (ii) any other party to the Indemnifiable Matter giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional
conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Corporation or Indemnitee in an action to determine
Indemnitees rights under this Agreement. From time to time, the Corporation may select and preapprove the names of persons or
law firms that it deems qualified as Independent Counsel under the foregoing criteria. Further, at the request of Indemnitee, the Corporation
shall review the qualifications and suitability under the foregoing criteria of persons or law firms selected by Indemnitee and preapprove
them as Independent Counsel if they meet the foregoing criteria. An Independent Counsel that has already been preapproved by the board
of directors may be appointed as Independent Counsel without any further evaluation, so long as such prospective Independent Counsel
continues, as determined by the board of directors, to remain independent.

(e) The
term Losses means any and all losses, claims, damages, expenses, liabilities, judgments, fines, penalties and actions
in respect thereof, as they are incurred, against Indemnitee in connection with an Indemnifiable Matter; amounts paid by Indemnitee in
settlement of an Indemnifiable Matter; any indirect, consequential, or incidental damages suffered or incurred by Indemnitee; and all
attorneys fees and disbursements, accountants fees and disbursements, private investigation fees and disbursements, retainers,
court costs, payments of attachment, appeal or other bonds or security, transcript costs, fees of experts, fees and expenses of witnesses,
travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, and all other disbursements
or expenses reasonably incurred by or for Indemnitee in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating,
appealing, or being or preparing to be a witness in any threatened or pending Indemnifiable Matter or establishing Indemnitees
right or entitlement to indemnification for any of the foregoing.

9

(f) Reference
to other enterprise shall include employee benefit plans; references to fines shall include any excise
tax assessed with respect to any employee benefit plan; references to serving at the request of the Corporation shall include
any service as a director, officer, employee, agent, or advisor with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants, or beneficiaries;
and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in the interests of the participants and beneficiaries
of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation
as referred to in this Agreement.

(g) The
term substantiating documentation shall mean copies of bills or invoices for costs incurred by or for Indemnitee,
or copies of court or agency orders, decrees, or settlement agreements, as the case may be, accompanied by a declaration, which need
not be notarized, from Indemnitee that such bills, invoices, court or agency orders, decrees, or settlement agreements represent costs
or liabilities meeting the definition of Losses herein.

2. Indemnity
of Indemnitee. The Corporation hereby agrees to indemnify, protect, defend and hold harmless Indemnitee against any and all Losses
incurred by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was a director, officer, agent, or advisor of the Corporation, or is or was serving
at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee, agent or advisor of another corporation, partnership, joint venture,
trust, limited liability company, or other entity or enterprise, to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware Law. The termination of
any Indemnifiable Matter by judgment, order of the court, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere, or its equivalent,
shall not, of itself, create a presumption that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, and with respect to any criminal proceeding,
shall not create a presumption that such person believed that his conduct was unlawful. The indemnification provided herein shall be
applicable whether or not the breach of any standard of care or duty, including a breach of a fiduciary duty, of the Indemnitee is alleged
or proven, except as limited by Section 3 herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of any Indemnifiable Matter brought by or
in the right of the Corporation, Indemnitee shall not be entitled to indemnification for any claim, issue, or matter as to which Indemnitee
has been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction, after exhaustion of all appeals therefrom (a Final Adjudication),
to be liable to the Corporation or for amounts paid in settlement to the Corporation unless, and only to the extent that, the court in
which the Indemnifiable Matter was brought or another court of competent jurisdiction determines, on application, that in view of all
the circumstances, the Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses as the court deems proper.

3. Limit
on Indemnification. Notwithstanding any breach of any standard of care or duty, including breach of a fiduciary duty, by the Indemnitee,
and subject to the restrictions under Delaware Law, the Corporation shall indemnify Indemnitee except when a Final Adjudication establishes
that Indemnitees acts or omissions involved intentional misconduct, fraud, or a knowing violation of law and were material to
the cause of action.

10

4. Choice
of Counsel. Indemnitee shall be entitled to employ and be reimbursed for the fees and disbursements of counsel separate from that
chosen by any other person or persons whom the Corporation is obligated to indemnify with respect to the same or any related or similar
Indemnifiable Matter.

5. Advances
of Losses. Losses (other than judgments, penalties, fines, and settlements) incurred by Indemnitee shall be paid by the Corporation,
in advance of the final disposition of the Indemnifiable Matter, within 10 days after receipt of Indemnitees written request accompanied
by substantiating documentation.

6. Officer
and Director Liability Insurance. The Corporation shall, from time to time, make the good faith determination whether or not it is
practicable for the Corporation to obtain and maintain a policy or policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies providing
the officers and directors of the Corporation with coverage for losses, or to ensure the Corporations performance of its indemnification
obligations under this Agreement. Among other considerations, the Corporation will weigh the costs of obtaining such insurance coverage
against the protection afforded by such coverage. The Corporation shall consult with and be heard by Indemnitee in connection with the
Corporations actions hereunder. In all policies of director and officer liability insurance, (a) Indemnitee shall be named as
an insured in such a manner as to provide Indemnitee the same rights and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably insured of the
Corporations directors, if Indemnitee is a director, or of the Corporations officers, if Indemnitee is not a director of
the Corporation but is an officer; and (b) the policy shall provide that it shall not be cancelled or materially modified without 30
days prior written notice to Indemnitee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Corporation shall have no obligation to obtain or
maintain such insurance if the Corporation determines in good faith that such insurance is not reasonably available, if the premium costs
for such insurance are disproportionate to the amount of coverage provided, if the coverage provided by such insurance is limited by
exclusions so as to provide an insufficient benefit, or if Indemnitee is covered by similar insurance maintained by a subsidiary or parent
of the Corporation.

7. Indemnification
Trust Fund or Other Financial Arrangements. Pursuant to Delaware Law, the Corporation may establish an indemnification trust fund
or make other financial arrangements acceptable to Indemnitee for Indemnitees benefit. Indemnitee shall be an intended third-party
beneficiary of any such fund or arrangement, with the right, power, and authority of the Indemnitee to sue for, enforce, and collect
the same, in the name, place, and stead of the Corporation or otherwise, for Indemnitees benefit. Such fund or other arrangements
shall be available to Indemnitee for payment of Losses upon the Corporations failure, inability, or refusal to pay Losses incurred
by the Indemnitee.

8. Right
of Indemnitee to Indemnification upon Application; Selection of Independent Counsel; Procedure upon Application.

(a) Any
application for indemnification under this Agreement, other than when Losses are paid in advance of any final disposition pursuant to
Section 5 hereof, shall be submitted to the board of directors. If a quorum of the board of directors were not parties to the action,
suit, proceeding or other matter, a majority of the directors who were not parties to the action, suit, proceeding or other matter may
determine whether indemnification of the applicant is not prohibited by law or may have such determination made by Independent Counsel
in a written decision. If a quorum of the board directors who were not parties to the action cannot be obtained, the board of directors
shall have such determination made by Independent Counsel in a written decision. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, the board of
directors may under any circumstances submit the determination of whether indemnification is proper in the circumstances to the stockholders.
The board of directors shall respond to a request for indemnification or initiate the process of submitting the determination to the
stockholders within 45 days after receipt by the Corporation of the written application for indemnification.

11

(b) If
required, Independent Counsel shall be selected by the board of directors, and the Corporation shall give written notice to Indemnitee
advising him of the identity of Independent Counsel so selected. Indemnitee may, within seven days after such written notice of selection
shall have been given, deliver to the Corporation a written objection to such selection. Such objection may be asserted only on the ground
that Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel, as defined in Section 1, and
the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. If such written objection is made, Independent
Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until a court has determined that such objection is without merit.
If, within 20 days after submission by Indemnitee of a written objection to the Independent Counsel selected, the Corporation has failed
to identify a replacement Independent Counsel, the Indemnitee may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for resolution of any
objection that shall have been made by Indemnitee to the Corporations selection of Independent Counsel and for appointment as
Independent Counsel of a person selected by such court or by such other person as such court shall designate, and the person with respect
to whom an objection is so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel. The Corporation shall pay any and all
reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel incurred by such Independent Counsel in connection with its fees and expenses incident
to the procedures of this Section 8 regardless of the manner in which such Independent Counsel was selected or appointed.

(c) The
right to indemnification or advances as provided by this Agreement shall be enforceable by Indemnitee in any court of competent jurisdiction.
The burden of proving that indemnification is not appropriate shall be on the Corporation. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including
its board of directors or Independent Counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such action that indemnification
is proper in the circumstances, nor an actual determination by the Corporation (including its board of directors or Independent Counsel)
that indemnification is not proper in the circumstances, shall be a defense to the action, suit, proceeding, or other matter or create
a presumption that indemnification is not proper in the circumstances.

9. Notice
to Insurers. If, at the time of the receipt of an application for indemnification pursuant to Section 2 hereof or a request for advances
of Losses pursuant to Section 5 hereof, the Corporation has director and officer liability insurance in effect, the Corporation shall
give prompt notice of the commencement of such Indemnifiable Matter to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the
respective policies. The Corporation shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf
of the Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such Indemnifiable Matter in accordance with the terms of such policies.

12

10. Undertaking
by Indemnitee. Indemnitee hereby undertakes to repay to the Corporation any advances of Losses pursuant to this Agreement to the
extent that it is ultimately determined pursuant to a Final Adjudication that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification.

11. Indemnification
Hereunder Not Exclusive. The indemnification and advancement of Losses provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of
any other rights to which Indemnitee may be entitled under the Articles or Bylaws, the Delaware Law, any policy or policies of directors
and officers liability insurance, any other agreement, any vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise, both
as to action in his official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office (together, Other Indemnification).
However, Indemnitee shall reimburse the Corporation for amounts paid to him under Other Indemnification and not under this Agreement
in an amount equal to any payments received pursuant to such Other Indemnification, to the extent such payments duplicate any payments
received pursuant to this Agreement.

12. Continuation
of Indemnity. All agreements and obligations of the Corporation contained herein shall continue during the period Indemnitee is a
director, officer, employee, agent, or advisor of the Corporation (or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director,
officer, employee, agent, or advisor of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, limited liability company, or other enterprise)
and shall continue thereafter so long as Indemnitee shall be subject to any possible Indemnifiable Matter.

13. Partial
Indemnification. If Indemnitee is entitled under any provision of this Agreement to indemnification by the Corporation for some or
a portion of Losses, but not, however, for the total amount thereof, the Corporation shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee for the
portion of such Losses to which Indemnitee is entitled.

14. Settlement
of Claims. The Corporation shall not be liable to indemnify Indemnitee under this Agreement for any amounts paid in settlement of
any Indemnifiable Matter effected without the Corporations written consent. The Corporation shall not settle any Indemnifiable
Matter in any manner that would impose any penalty or limitation on Indemnitees rights under this Agreement without Indemnitees
written consent. Neither the Corporation nor Indemnitee will unreasonably withhold its consent to any proposed settlement. The Corporation
shall not be liable to indemnify Indemnitee under this Agreement with regard to any judicial award if the Corporation was not given a
reasonable and timely opportunity, at its expense, to participate in the defense of such action.

15.Change in Control.

(a) Notwithstanding
the provisions of Section 6, any provision for the benefit of officers and directors existing immediately prior to a Change in Control,
including officer and director liability insurance, an indemnification trust fund or other financial arrangements, shall be maintained
for so long as Indemnitee is subject to any Indemnifiable Matter. In the case of officer and director liability insurance, such insurance
shall be maintained with the same scope and amount of coverage, with no larger deductible or retention amounts, and otherwise on the
same terms and conditions as were in effect immediately prior to such Change in Control unless such coverages, terms and conditions are
no longer available.

13

(b) With
respect to all matters thereafter arising concerning the rights of Indemnitee to payments of Losses under this Agreement or any other
agreement, or under the Articles or Bylaws as now or hereafter in effect, independent counsel shall be selected by the Indemnitee and
approved by the Corporation (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld). Such counsel, among other things, shall render its written
opinion to the Corporation and Indemnitee as to whether and to what extent Indemnitee would be permitted to be indemnified under Delaware
Law as determined in accordance with Section 16(d). The Corporation agrees to abide by such opinion and to pay the reasonable fees of
the independent counsel referred to above and to fully indemnify such counsel against any and all expenses (including attorneys
fees), claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto.

16.Enforcement.

(a) The
Corporation expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on the Corporation
hereby in order to induce Indemnitee to serve as a director or officer of the Corporation, and acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying
upon this Agreement in continuing as a director or officer. The Corporation shall be precluded from asserting in any action commenced
pursuant to this Section 16 that the procedures and presumptions in this section are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate
in any such judicial proceedings that the Corporation is bound by all of the provisions of this Agreement.

(b) In
any action commenced pursuant to this Section 16, Indemnitee shall be presumed to be entitled to indemnification and advancement of Losses
in accordance with Section 5 under this Agreement, as the case may be, and the Corporation shall have the burden of proof in overcoming
such presumption and must show by clear and convincing evidence that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification or advancement of
Losses, as the case may be.

(c) The
execution of this Agreement shall constitute the Corporations stipulation by which it shall be irrevocably bound in any action
by Indemnitee for enforcement of Indemnitees rights hereunder that the Corporations obligations set forth in this Agreement
are unique and special, and that failure of the Corporation to comply with the provisions of this Agreement will cause irreparable and
immediate injury to Indemnitee, for which a remedy at law will be inadequate. As a result, in addition to any other right or remedy Indemnitee
may have at law or in equity respecting a breach of this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be entitled to injunctive or mandatory relief directing
specific performance by the Corporation of its obligations under this Agreement.

(d) In
the event that Indemnitee shall deem it shall be necessary or desirable to retain legal counsel and/or incur other costs and expenses
in connection with the interpretation or enforcement of any or all of Indemnitees rights under this Agreement, Indemnitee shall
be entitled to recover from the Corporation, and the Corporation shall indemnify Indemnitee against, any and all fees, costs, and expenses
(of the types described in the definition of Losses in Section 1(b)) incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the interpretation or
enforcement of said rights. The Corporation shall make payment to the Indemnitee at the time such fees, costs, and expenses are incurred
by Indemnitee. If, however, the Indemnitee does not prevail in such action under this Section 16, Indemnitee shall repay any and all
such amounts to the Corporation. If it shall be determined in an action pursuant to this Section 16 that Indemnitee is entitled to receive
part but not all of the indemnification or advancement of fees, costs, and expenses or other benefit sought, the expenses incurred by
Indemnitee in connection with an action pursuant to this Section 16 shall be equitably allocated between the Corporation and Indemnitee.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Change in Control shall have occurred, Indemnitee shall be entitled to indemnification under this
Section 16 regardless of whether Indemnitee ultimately prevails in such judicial adjudication or arbitration. This Section 16(b) is not
subject to the provisions of Section 8.

14

17.Governing Law; Binding Effect; Amendment and Termination; Construction.

(a) This
Agreement shall be interpreted and enforced in accordance with Delaware Law.

(b) This
Agreement shall be binding upon the Corporation, its successors and assigns, and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee such Indemnitees
actual or alleged alter egos, spouse, family members, and corporations, partnerships, limited liability companies, trusts, and other
enterprises or entities of any form whatsoever under the control of any of the foregoing, the property of all of the foregoing, and the
successors and assigns of all of the foregoing.

(c) No
amendment, modification, termination, or cancellation of this Agreement shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Corporation
and Indemnitee.

(d) This
Agreement shall be construed liberally in favor of the Indemnitee to the fullest extent possible under Delaware Law, even if such indemnification
is not specifically authorized by this Agreement or any other agreement, the Articles or Bylaws, or by Delaware Law. In the event Delaware
Law is changed after the date of this Agreement, through statutory amendment, judicial interpretation, administrative regulations or
otherwise, to allow additional indemnification or to remove or restrict current limitations on indemnification, this Agreement shall
be deemed to be amended and reformed so that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits of such change. In the event
of any change in Delaware Law that narrows or restricts the right of a Delaware corporation to indemnify Indemnitee, such change, to
the extent not otherwise required by Delaware Law to be applied to Indemnitee in the relevant circumstances, shall have no effect on
this Agreement or the rights and obligations of the parties hereunder.

18. Mutual
Acknowledgement; Federal Preemption. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, both the Corporation and Indemnitee acknowledge
and agree that in certain instances, federal law or applicable public policy may prohibit the Corporation from indemnifying its directors
and officers under this Agreement or otherwise. Such instances include, but are not limited to, the Securities and Exchange Commissions
prohibition on indemnification for liabilities arising under certain federal securities laws. Indemnitee understands and acknowledges
that the Corporation has undertaken, or may be required in the future to undertake with the Securities and Exchange Commission, to submit
the question of indemnification to a court in certain circumstances for a determination of the Corporations right under public
policy to indemnify Indemnitee.

15

19. Severability.
If any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable:

(a) the
validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be in any way affected or impaired thereby;
and

(b) to
the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested by the
provision held invalid, illegal, or unenforceable.

Each
section of this Agreement is a separate and independent portion of this Agreement. If the indemnification to which Indemnitee is entitled
as respects any aspect of any claim varies between two or more sections of this Agreement, that section providing the most comprehensive
indemnification shall apply.

20. Notice.
Any notice, demand, request, or other communication permitted or required under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed
to have been given as of the date so delivered, if personally served; as of the date so sent, if transmitted by facsimile and receipt
is confirmed by the facsimile operator of the recipient; as of the date so sent, if sent by electronic mail and receipt is acknowledged
by the recipient; one day after the date so sent, if delivered by overnight courier service; or three days after the date so mailed,
if mailed by certified mail, return receipt requested, addressed as follows:

If to the Corporation: Alpha Modus Holdings,
Inc.

20311 Chartwell Center Drive,
#1469

Cornelius, NC 28031

If to Indemnitee, to: William Ullman

[redacted]

or
such other addresses, facsimile numbers, or electronic mail address as shall be furnished in writing by any party in the manner for giving
notices hereunder.

[Signature
Page Follows]

16

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement to be effective on and as of the day and year first above written.

Corporation:

By: /s/
William Alessi

William
Alessi

Chief
Executive Officer

Indemnitee:

/s/
William Ullman

William
Ullman

17
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>amod-20250102.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>amod-20250102_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>amod-20250102_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class A Common Stock, par value 

Redeemable Warrants, each whole 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>amod-20250102_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 02, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 02, 2025

Entity File Number 001-40775

Entity Registrant Name ALPHA
MODUS HOLDINGS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001862463

Entity Tax Identification Number 86-3386030

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 20311
Chartwell Center Dr.

Entity Address, Address Line Two #1469

Entity Address, City or Town Cornelius

Entity Address, State or Province NC

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 28031

City Area Code (704)

Local Phone Number 252-5050

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Class A Common Stock, par value 

Title of 12(b) Security Class
A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol AMOD

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Redeemable Warrants, each whole 

Title of 12(b) Security Redeemable
Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of $11.50

Trading Symbol AMODW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=AMOD_ClassCommonStockParValueMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=AMOD_RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
3 
24 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://alphamodusholdings.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

amod-20250102.xsd 
amod-20250102_def.xml 
amod-20250102_lab.xml 
amod-20250102_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-001319-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001862463 

2025-01-02 
2025-01-02 

0001862463 

AMOD:ClassCommonStockParValueMember 

2025-01-02 
2025-01-02 

0001862463 

AMOD:RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeMember 

2025-01-02 
2025-01-02 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001862463 
8-K 
2025-01-02 
ALPHA MODUS HOLDINGS, INC. 
DE 
001-40775 
86-3386030 
20311 Chartwell Center Dr. 
#1469 
Cornelius 
NC 
28031 
(704) 
252-5050 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
AMOD 
NASDAQ 
Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of $11.50 
AMODW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>