<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-007028.txt : 20250129
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-007028.hdr.sgml : 20250129
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250129083029
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-007028
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250128
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250129
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250129

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Scholar Rock Holding Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001727196
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				823750435
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38501
		FILM NUMBER:		25566818

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		301 BINNEY STREET
		STREET 2:		3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			CAMBRIDGE
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02142
		BUSINESS PHONE:		857-259-3860

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		301 BINNEY STREET
		STREET 2:		3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			CAMBRIDGE
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02142
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm254750d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000172719600017271962025-01-282025-01-28iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event Reported): January 28, 2025

Scholar Rock Holding Corporation

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Delaware 001-38501 82-3750435

(State or Other Jurisdiction of

Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification

Number)

301 Binney Street, 3rd Floor, Cambridge, MA02142

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(857) 259-3860

(Registrant's telephone
number, including area code)

(Former name or
former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name of each exchange
on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share SRRK The Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as
defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17
CFR 240.12b-2). Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected
not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election
of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On January 29, 2025, Scholar Rock Holding Corporation and Scholar Rock,
Inc. (collectively, the Company) announced the appointment of Lisa Wyman, as Chief Technical and Quality Officer of the
Company, effective January 27, 2025 and a planned leadership transition. On January 28, 2025, Edward H. Myles, the Companys Chief
Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer, entered into a Separation and Release Agreement (the Separation Agreement)
with the Company pursuant to which Mr. Myles will serve as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer through March 15, 2025,
after which time, he will provide consulting services as a Senior Advisor to the Company through September 15, 2025.

Pursuant to the Separation Agreement, the Company will pay Mr. Myles
(i) nine (9) months of Mr. Myles base salary, (ii) a bonus for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, (iii) a portion of $202,400
to be prorated based on the number of days Mr. Myles is employed by the Company in 2025, and (iv) nine (9) months of health benefits continuation,
among other benefits.

The foregoing description of the Separation Agreement does not
purport to be a complete description of the rights and obligations of the parties thereunder and is qualified in its entirety by reference
to the full text of the Separation Agreement, a copy of which is filed as exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated
by reference herein.

Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

On January 29, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing
Ms. Wymans appointment as Chief Technical and Quality Officer and a planned leadership transition. A copy of this press release
is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

The information in this Item 7.01 and Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto
is intended to be furnished and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
(the Exchange Act) or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference
in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

No. Description

10.1 Separation Agreement and Release by and between Scholar Rock, Inc. and Edward H. Myles, dated January 28, 2025. 

99.1 Press Release issued by Scholar Rock Holding Corporation dated January 29, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Scholar Rock Holding Corporation

Date: January 29, 2025 By: /s/ Junlin Ho

Junlin Ho

General Counsel & Corporate Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm254750d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND RELEASE

This Separation Agreement
and Release (Agreement) is made between Scholar Rock, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
and Edward H. Myles (the Employee). The Company together with the Employee shall be referred to as the Parties.
Terms with initial capitalization not otherwise defined shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Employment Agreement (as
defined below).

WHEREAS, the Parties
entered into an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated as of December 8, 2024 (the Employment Agreement),
which superseded a prior employment agreement between the Parties dated as of July 16, 2020 (the Prior Agreement);

WHEREAS, pursuant to
the Employment Agreement, the Company agreed to provide the Employee with certain severance pay and benefits (the Severance
Benefits) in the event of certain cessations of employment, subject to, among other things, the Employee entering into, not
revoking and complying with a Separation Agreement and Release;

WHEREAS, the Employees
employment with the Company is ending pursuant to Section 3(c) and Section 4 of the Employment Agreement;

WHEREAS, this Agreement
is the Separation Agreement and Release referred to in the Employment Agreement;

WHEREAS, the Company
desires to retain the services of the Employee as an independent contractor for a limited period of time following the last day of the
Employees employment (the Post-Employment Consulting Opportunity);

WHEREAS, in exchange
for, among other things, the Employee entering into and not revoking this Agreement and fully complying with the Continuing Obligations
(as defined below), the Company shall provide the Employee with the Severance Benefits and the Post-Employment Consulting Opportunity;
and

WHEREAS, the payments
and benefits set forth in this Agreement are the exclusive payments and benefits to be paid or provided to the Employee in connection
with the ending of the Employees employment. By entering into this Agreement, the Employee acknowledges and agrees that he is not
entitled to any other severance pay, benefits or equity rights including without limitation pursuant to any severance plan, program or
arrangement.

NOW, THEREFORE, for
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows:

1 

1.Transition Period; Ending of Employment.

(a)If the Employee enters into, does not revoke and complies with this Agreement, then the Employees employment with the Company
will continue until March 15, 2025 (the Anticipated Date of Termination), unless the Employee sooner resigns or is
terminated by the Company for Cause which, for purposes of the Transition Period, shall mean a material breach of this Agreement or the
Restrictive Covenant Agreement (as defined below), in each case as determined by the Company in its reasonable good faith discretion,
which, if curable, continues uncured for the period of five business days following the Employees receipt of written notice from
the Company describing in reasonable detail the conduct giving rise to the notification of a termination for Cause. The actual last day
of the Employees employment is referred to herein as the Date of Termination, and the time period between
the date the Employee receives this Agreement and the Date of Termination is referred to herein as the Transition Period.
During the Transition Period, unless otherwise requested by the Companys Chief Executive Officer (CEO), the
Employee will continue to work on a full-time basis, retain his title and perform his regular duties, except that Tech Ops, Facilities
and IT will transfer to the Companys Chief Technical & Quality Officer (CTQO) upon the start of her employment
and, if the Company retains a new Chief Financial Officer (New CFO) prior to the Date of Termination, the Employee
will serve in the role as Senior Advisor from the date the New CFO commences employment until the Date of Termination. The Employee will
perform his duties competently and professionally during the Transition Period. The Employee acknowledges and agrees that actions constituting
Good Reason under Section 3(d)(i) of the Employment Agreement will not apply during the Transition Period and waives the application of
this section of Good Reason to his employment during the Transition Period.

(b)During the Transition Period, the Employee will continue to receive his current Base Salary, remain eligible for benefits, subject
to the terms of the applicable benefits plans, and vest in his outstanding, unvested stock options and restricted stock units (collectively,
the Equity Awards) granted to him by Scholar Rock Holding Corporation (SR Holding), subject
to the terms and conditions set forth in the applicable equity award agreements and equity plans (collectively, the Equity Documents).

(c)The Employees employment with the Company shall end on the Date of Termination. The Parties acknowledge and agree that the
Company has satisfied any notice obligations under Section 3(e) of the Employment Agreement. The Employee shall be deemed to have resigned
from any and all officer and board member positions that the Employee holds with the Company or any of its subsidiaries and affiliates
no later than the Date of Termination, and the Employee agrees to execute any documents in reasonable form as may be requested to confirm
or effectuate any such resignations. As of the Date of Termination, the Employee shall have no further employment relationship with the
Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates.

(d)The Employee agrees to promptly inform the Company prior to commencing other employment before the Anticipated Date of Termination,
in which case the Employees employment with the Company will end immediately prior to the start date of such new employment and
the Employee will not be eligible for the Severance Benefits or the Post-Employment Consulting Opportunity. For the avoidance of doubt,
if the Employee resigns or the Company terminates the Employees employment for Cause prior to the Anticipated Date of Termination,
the Employees employment will end and the Employee will be paid the Accrued Benefit (as defined below), but he will have no right
to the Severance Benefits, the Post-Employment Consulting Opportunity or any other post-employment compensation or benefits from the Company.
Employees agreement with a new employer after the Anticipated Date of Termination shall not adversely impact his entitlement to
the Severance Benefits Severance Benefits, the Post-Employment Consulting Opportunity or any other post-employment compensation or benefits
from the Company, provided such employment does not violate Employees Continuing Obligation (as defined in Section 6). 

2 

2.Accrued Benefit. The Company shall pay or provide to the Employee (or to the Employees
authorized representative or estate) (i) any Base Salary earned through the Date of Termination, unpaid expense reimbursements (subject
to, and in accordance with, Section 2(c) of the Employment Agreement) and any accrued but unused vacation through the Date of Termination
on or before the time required by law but in no event more than 30 days after the Employees Date of Termination; and (ii) any vested
benefits the Employee may have under any employee benefit plan of the Company through the Date of Termination, which vested benefits shall
be paid and/or provided in accordance with the terms of such employee benefit plans (collectively, the Accrued Benefit).
In addition, regardless of whether this Agreement becomes effective, the Employees eligibility to participate in the Companys
group health plans and other benefit plans and programs will end on the Date of Termination or thereafter in accordance with the terms
and conditions of the applicable benefit plans and programs. The Employee will be provided with information regarding the Consolidated
Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended (COBRA) under separate cover, including payment obligations.
Any COBRA continuation coverage will be at the Employees own cost, except as provided in Section 3(c) below.

3.Severance Benefits. If the Employee (i) enters into, does not revoke and complies with this Agreement
and (ii) does not resign and is not terminated by the Company for Cause prior to the Anticipated Date of Termination (collectively the
Conditions):

(a)the Company shall pay the Employee an amount equal to the sum of (A) nine (9) months of the Employees Base Salary plus (B)
a portion of $202,400 to be prorated based on the number of days the Employee is employed by the Company in 2025 (collectively, the Severance
Amount), with the Severance Amount to be paid in substantially equal installments in accordance with the Companys payroll
practice over nine (9) months commencing on the first practicable payroll date following the later of the (i) Date of Termination and
(ii) the Effective Date of this Agreement;

(b)if, as of the Date of Termination, the Employee has not received his Prior Year Bonus (for calendar year 2024), then the Company
will pay the Employee the bonus amount that the Employee otherwise would have earned if he remained employed as of the date of payment
with the date of payment to be no later than March 15, 2025. The amount of the Prior Year Bonus will be based solely on the Company performance
rating, which will be the same rating as the rating applied to Companys Chief Executive Officer and his direct reports; and

3 

(c)if the Employee was participating in the Companys group health plan immediately prior to the Date of Termination and elects
COBRA health continuation, then the Company shall, for the period of nine (9) months following the Date of Termination or the Employees
COBRA health continuation period, whichever is shorter, pay the cost of the monthly employer contribution (either by direct payment to
the group health plan provider or the COBRA provider or by reimbursing the Employee for such cost) that the Company would have made to
provide health insurance to the Employee if the Employee had remained employed by the Company; provided, however, if the Company determines
that it cannot pay such amounts to the group health plan provider or the COBRA provider (if applicable) without potentially violating
applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), then the Company shall convert such payments
to payroll payments directly to the Employee for the time period specified above. Such payments shall be subject to tax-related deductions
and withholdings and paid on the Companys regular payroll dates.

Each payment pursuant to this Agreement is intended
to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2).

4.Post-Employment Consulting Opportunity. 

(a)If the Employee satisfies the Conditions, then on the date immediately following the Date of Termination, the Employee will become
a Senior Advisor to the Company and provide as-requested consulting services (the Consulting Services) until September
15, 2025, unless the Company sooner terminates the consulting arrangement for Cause (as defined in the Employment Agreement) or the Employee
terminates the consulting arrangement for any reason (such actual period, the Consulting Period). The Employee will
report to the CEO during the Consulting Period, and it is anticipated that the Employee will work with the CTQO and the New CFO during
the Consulting Period, if requested, or such other people as the CEO may direct. The Consulting Services will relate to the transition
of Employees duties and responsibilities during his active employment with the Company. The Consulting Services shall not exceed
ten hours per calendar month and shall not interfere with Employees commitment to any new employer. 

(b)As the sole compensation for the Consulting Services, the Employee shall continue to vest in his outstanding, unvested Equity Awards
during the Consulting Period, subject to the terms of the Equity Documents. For the avoidance of doubt, there will be no break in the
Employees service relationship with the Company between the Date of Termination and the commencement of the Consulting Period for
purposes of such continued vesting. 

(c)The Company will reimburse the Employee for any reasonable expenses incurred in performing the Consulting Services, subject to
the Companys expense reimbursement policy. During the Consulting Period, the Employee will no longer be an employee of the Company,
but instead will be retained as an independent contractor. The Employee will be solely responsible for payment of all charges and taxes
arising from the Employees relationship to the Company as an independent contractor. The Employee agrees that during the Consulting
Period, the Employee will not state or imply, directly or indirectly, that the Employee is empowered to bind the Company without the Companys
prior written consent.

(d)The Employee acknowledges and agrees that (i) the terms of the Amended and Restated Employee Non-Competition, Non-Solicitation,
Confidentiality and Assignment Agreement between him and the Company dated as of February 20, 2024 (the Restrictive Covenant
Agreement) shall apply during the Consulting Period, subject to the Non-Compete Waiver (as defined below) and the terms of
Section 13 of this Agreement, and (ii) as stated in the Restrictive Covenant Agreement, references to the employment relationship therein
includes any service to the Company as an independent contractor. During the Consulting Period, Employees non-competition obligations
under Section 8(A) of the Restrictive Covenant Agreement shall only apply to the unit or division of any business that researches, develops
or commercializes products or services focused on the treatment of spinal muscular atrophy or cardiovascular/metabolic diseases by targeting
myostatin.

4 

5.General Release. In consideration for, among other terms, the Severance Benefits and the Post-Employment
Consulting Opportunity, to which the Employee acknowledges he would not otherwise be entitled, the Employee voluntarily releases and forever
discharges the Company, its affiliated and related entities (including, without limitation, SR Holding), its and their respective predecessors,
successors and assigns, its and their respective employee benefit plans and fiduciaries of such plans, and the current and former officers,
directors, shareholders, employees, attorneys, accountants and agents of each of the foregoing in their official and personal capacities
(collectively referred to as the Releasees) generally from all claims, demands, debts, damages and liabilities of
every name and nature, known or unknown (Claims) that, as of the date when the Employee signs this Agreement, the
Employee has, ever had, now claims to have or ever claimed to have had against any or all of the Releasees. This release includes, without
limitation, all Claims: arising in connection with or under the Employment Agreement or any other agreement between the Employee and any
of the Releasees; relating to the Employees employment by and separation from employment with the Company; of wrongful discharge
or violation of public policy; of breach of contract; of defamation or other torts; of retaliation or discrimination under federal, state
or local law (including, without limitation, Claims of discrimination or retaliation under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the
Americans with Disabilities Act, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and Mass. Gen. Laws ch. 151B); under any other federal
or state statute (including, without limitation, Claims under the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the Worker
Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act (WARN) or any state mini-WARN law); for wages, bonuses, incentive compensation,
stock, stock options, vacation pay or any other compensation or benefits, either under the Massachusetts Wage Act, Mass. Gen. Laws ch. 149,
148-150C or otherwise; and for damages or other remedies of any sort, including, without limitation, compensatory damages,
punitive damages, injunctive relief and attorneys fees; provided, however, that this release shall not affect any rights the Employee
may have under the Companys Section 401(k) plan or this Agreement, or the Employees rights (if any) to indemnification
pursuant to the Companys organizational documents or any indemnification agreement between Scholar Rock Holding Corporation and
the Employee, or coverage, if any, under applicable directors and officers insurance policies, nor shall it apply to Claims
that cannot be waived as a matter of law. The Employee agrees not to accept damages of any nature, other equitable or legal remedies for
his own benefit or attorneys fees or costs from any of the Releasees with respect to any Claim released by this Agreement. As a
material inducement to the Company to enter into this Agreement, the Employee represents that he has not assigned any Claim to any third
party.

5 

6. Continuing
Obligations. The Employee acknowledges that he remains subject to his obligations under the Restrictive
Covenant Agreement in accordance with its terms, including, without limitation, the post-employment non-solicitation obligations, the
obligation to maintain the confidentiality of the Companys Proprietary Information, as defined in the Restrictive
Covenant Agreement and the obligation to return all Company documents and other Company property; except that the Company hereby acknowledges
and agrees that, the post-service relationship non-competition covenant in Section 8(A) of the Restrictive Covenant Agreement, will not
apply following the termination of the Consulting Period (the Non-Compete Waiver) and the Employee will not be entitled
to any payments under the Restrictive Covenant Agreement. The Employee is also required to comply with the Companys Insider Trading
Policy following the Date of Termination, to the extent applicable. The Restrictive Covenant Agreement, the Insider Trading Policy and
the Employees obligations set forth in Sections 7 through 10 below are referred to as the Continuing Obligations.

7. Return
of Property. The Employee acknowledges and agrees that he is required to return all Company property,
including, without limitation, his Company laptop, computer equipment, software, keys and access cards, credit cards, files and any documents
(including computerized data and any copies made of any computerized data or software) containing information concerning the Company,
its business or its business relationships (Company Property). In light of the Employees Post-Employment
Consulting Opportunity with the Company following the Date of Termination, the Employee may retain such Company Property that is necessary,
as determined by the CEO, for purposes of performing Consulting Services during the Consulting Period, provided that the Employee promptly
returns all such Company Property at the end of the Consulting Period or upon the earlier request of the CEO. After returning all Company
Property, the Employee commits to deleting and finally purging any duplicates of files or documents that may contain Company or customer
information from any non-Company computer or other device that remains the Employees property after the Consulting Period. The
obligations contained in this Section 7 are supplemental to, and not in lieu of, any return of property obligations the Employee has
pursuant to the Restrictive Covenant Agreement. 

8. Communications.
The Employee agrees that he will not communicate about his transition and departure with anyone until
after the Company has made a formal written announcement about the Employees transition and departure through an email communication
or as otherwise agreed to by the CEO (the Company Announcement); provided that the Employee may communicate with
his tax advisors, attorneys, and spouse about his departure before the Company Announcement, provided further that the Employee first
advises such persons not to reveal information about the Employees departure and each such person agrees. In addition, the
Employee agrees that following the Date of Termination, the Employee will promptly update any social media or electronic accounts (e.g.,
LinkedIn) to reflect that the Employee is no longer employed by the Company.

9. Non-Disparagement.
Subject to Section 13 of this Agreement the Employee agrees not to make any disparaging statements
(whether written, oral, through social or electronic media or otherwise) concerning the Company, SR Holding, any of its or their products
or services or any of its or their current or former officers, directors, employees or agents. Subject to Section 13 of this Agreement
and provided the Company does not later discover that the Employee engaged in material misconduct during his employment with the Company,
the Company agrees that it shall not issue any press release or public statement containing disparaging statements concerning Employee,
and shall instruct each member of the Companys executive team that they shall not make any disparaging statements (whether public
or private, written, oral, through social or electronic media or otherwise) concerning the Employee or his contributions and services
to the Company.

6 

10. Cooperation.
During and after the Employees employment, the Employee shall cooperate fully with any reasonable request of the Company in the
defense or prosecution of any claims or actions now in existence or which may be brought in the future against or on behalf of the Company
which relate to events or occurrences that transpired while the Employee was employed by the Company. The Employees full cooperation
in connection with such claims or actions shall include, but not be limited to, being available to meet with counsel to prepare for discovery
or trial and to act as a witness on behalf of the Company at mutually convenient times. During and after the Employees employment,
the Employee also shall cooperate fully at mutually convenient times with the Company in connection with any investigation or review
of any federal, state or local regulatory authority as any such investigation or review relates to events or occurrences that transpired
while the Employee was employed by the Company. The Company shall reimburse the Employee for any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred
in connection with the Employees performance of obligations pursuant to this Section 10.

11. Termination
of Payments; Injunctive Relief. The Employee acknowledges that his right to the Severance Benefits
and the Post-Employment Consulting Opportunity is conditioned on his full compliance with the Continuing Obligations; provided, however,
and for the avoidance of doubt, that the post-employment non-competition provision in Section 8(A) of the Restrictive Covenant Agreement
shall not apply and is superseded by Section 6 of this Agreement. In the event that the Employee fails to comply with any of the Continuing
Obligations, then in addition to any other legal or equitable remedies it may have for such breach, the Company shall have the right
to terminate the Severance Benefits and/or to seek repayment of any previously paid Severance Benefits. Such termination in the event
of a breach by the Employee shall not affect the general release in Section 5 of this Agreement or the Employees obligation to
comply with the Continuing Obligations. Further, the Employee agrees that it would be difficult to measure any harm caused to the Company
that might result from any breach by the Employee of any of the Continuing Obligations and that, in any event, money damages would be
an inadequate remedy for any such breach. Accordingly, the Employee agrees that, should either Party initiate litigation relating to
the breach of this Agreement or Employees Continuing Obligations, the prevailing party shall be entitled, in addition to all other
remedies it may have, to an injunction or other appropriate equitable relief to restrain any such breach, without showing or proving
any actual damage to the Company and without the necessity of posting a bond, and to recover its attorneys fees and costs associated
with any such breach. 

12.Advice of Counsel; Absence of Reliance. This Agreement is a legally binding document and the
Employees signature will commit the Employee to its terms. The Employee is advised to discuss all aspects of this Agreement with
his attorney. The Employee acknowledges that he has carefully read and fully understands all of the provisions of this Agreement and that
he is voluntarily entering into this Agreement. In signing this Agreement, the Employee is not relying upon any promises or representations
made by anyone at or on behalf of the Company. 

7 

13. Protected
Disclosures. Nothing in this Agreement, any other agreement with the Company, or any Company policy
or code limits the Employees ability, with or without notice to the Company, to: (i) file a charge or complaint with any federal,
state or local governmental agency or commission (a Government Agency), including without limitation, the Equal
Employment Opportunity Commission or the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC); (ii) communicate with any
Government Agency or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any Government Agency, including
by providing non-privileged documents or information; (iii) discuss or disclose information about unlawful acts in the workplace, such
as harassment or discrimination or any other conduct that the Employee has reason to believe is unlawful; or (iv) testify truthfully
in a legal proceeding. Any such communications and disclosures must be consistent with applicable law and the information disclosed must
not have been obtained through a communication that was subject to the attorney-client privilege (unless disclosure of that information
would otherwise be permitted consistent with such privilege or applicable law). If a Government Agency or any other third party pursues
any claim on the Employees behalf, the Employee waives any right to monetary or other individualized relief (either individually
or as part of any collective or class action), but the Company will not limit any right the Employee may have to receive an award pursuant
to the whistleblower provisions of any applicable law or regulation for providing information to the SEC or any other Government Agency.

14. Time
for Consideration; Effective Date. The Employee acknowledges that he has been given the opportunity
to consider this Agreement for twenty-one (21) days from his receipt of this Agreement before signing it (the Consideration
Period). To accept this Agreement, the Employee must return a signed, unmodified original or PDF copy of this Agreement so
that it is received by the undersigned on or before the expiration of the Consideration Period. If the Employee signs this Agreement
prior to the end of the Consideration Period, the Employee acknowledges by signing this Agreement that such decision was entirely voluntary
and that he had the opportunity to consider this Agreement for the entire Consideration Period. The Employee and the Company agree that
any changes or modifications to this Agreement shall not restart the Consideration Period. For a period of seven (7) business days from
the date of his execution of this Agreement, the Employee shall retain the right to revoke this Agreement by written notice that must
be received by the undersigned before the end of such revocation period. This Agreement shall become effective on the day immediately
following the expiration of the revocation period (the Effective Date), provided that the Employee does not revoke
this Agreement during the revocation period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may withdraw the offer of this Agreement or may
void this Agreement before the Effective Date if the Employee breaches any provision contained in this Agreement (including any provision
of the Restrictive Covenant Agreement). 

15.Incorporation of Whereas Clauses. The Parties incorporate by reference the Whereas clauses set
forth above as if fully set forth herein.

16.Enforceability. The Employee acknowledges that, if any portion or provision of this Agreement
or the Restrictive Covenant Agreement shall to any extent be declared illegal or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then
the remainder other than those as to which it is so declared illegal or unenforceable, shall not be affected thereby, and each portion
and provision shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.

8 

17. Entire
Agreement. This Agreement, together with the Restrictive Covenant Agreement, constitutes the entire
agreement between the Employee and the Company concerning the Employees employment with the Company, and supersedes and replaces
any and all prior agreements and understandings between the Parties concerning the Employees employment with the Company including,
without limitation, the Employment Agreement and the Prior Agreement, provided that, and notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Equity
Documents, and (ii) Sections 2(f) (Equity), 5 (Severance Pay and Benefits Upon Termination by the Company without
Cause or by the Employe for Good Reason During the Change in Control Period, but only in the event a Change in Control occurs
within three (3) months of the Date of Termination), 6 (Section 409A), 8 (Arbitration of Disputes), 21(Successors
to Company) and 22 (Clawback Acknowledgement) of the Employment Agreement shall continue to be in full force and
effect in accordance with their terms. For clarity, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in the event that a Change in
Control occurs within three (3) months immediately following the Date of Termination, the Employee shall be entitled to the accelerated
vesting of his Time-Based Equity Awards described in Section 2(f) of the Employment Agreement and, if the Employee is receiving Severance
Benefits hereunder, the Employee will be entitled to the enhanced severance pay and benefits described under Section 5 of the Employment
Agreement (less any Severance Benefits the Employee has already received hereunder).

18.Waiver; Amendment. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement, including the Continuing Obligations,
shall be effective unless made in writing and signed by the waiving party. The failure of the Company to require the performance of any
term or obligation of this Agreement or the Continuing Obligations, or the waiver by the Company of any breach of this Agreement or the
Continuing Obligations shall not prevent any subsequent enforcement of such term or obligation or be deemed a waiver of any subsequent
breach. This Agreement may not be modified or amended except in a writing signed by both the Employee and a duly authorized representative
of the Company.

19.Taxes. The Company shall undertake to make deductions, withholdings and tax reports with respect
to payments and benefits under this Agreement and in connection with other compensation matters to the extent that it reasonably and in
good faith determines that it is required to make such deductions, withholdings and tax reports. Payments under this Agreement shall be
in amounts net of any such deductions or withholdings. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to require the Company to make any
payments to compensate the Employee for any adverse tax effect associated with any payments or benefits made to the Employee in connection
with the Employees employment with the Company.

20. Acknowledgment
of Wage and Other Payments. The Employee acknowledges and represents that, except as expressly provided
in this Agreement, the Employee has been paid all wages, bonuses, compensation, benefits and other amounts that any of the Releasees
has ever owed to the Employee. The Employee is not entitled to any other compensation or benefits from the Company related to his employment
following the Date of Termination except as specifically set forth in this Agreement.

9 

21. Arbitration
of Disputes. The Company and the Employee agree that the Arbitration of Disputes provision
in Section 8 of the Employment Agreement shall continue to apply, the terms of which are incorporated by reference into this Agreement.
For the avoidance of doubt, Section 8 of the Employment Agreement shall not preclude either party from pursuing a court action for the
sole purpose of obtaining a temporary restraining order or a preliminary injunction in circumstances in which such relief is appropriate,
including, without limitation, to enforce the Continuing Obligations; provided that any other relief shall be pursued through an arbitration
proceeding pursuant to Section 8 of the Employment Agreement.

22.Consent to Jurisdiction. To the extent that any court action is permitted consistent with or
to enforce Section 8 of the Employment Agreement, the Parties hereby consent to the jurisdiction of the Superior Court of the Commonwealth
of Massachusetts and the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts. Accordingly, with respect to any such court action,
the Employee (a) submits to the personal jurisdiction of such courts; (b) consents to service of process; and (c) waives any other requirement
(whether imposed by statute, rule of court, or otherwise) with respect to personal jurisdiction or service of process.

23. Governing
Law; Interpretation. This is a Massachusetts contract and shall be construed under and be governed
in all respects by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts without giving effect to the conflict of laws principles thereof. In
the event of any dispute, this Agreement is intended by the Parties to be construed as a whole, to be interpreted in accordance with
its fair meaning, and not to be construed strictly for or against either Party or the drafter of all or any portion of
this Agreement.

24. Assignment;
Successors and Assigns. Neither the Employee nor the Company may make any assignment of this Agreement
or any interest in it, by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the other; provided, however, that the
Company may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including the Restrictive Covenant Agreement) without the Employees
consent to any affiliate or to any person or entity with whom the Company shall hereafter effect a reorganization or consolidation, into
which the Company merges or to whom it transfers all or substantially all of its properties or assets. This Agreement shall inure to
the benefit of and be binding upon the Employee and the Company, and each of the Employees and the Companys respective
successors, executors, administrators, heirs and permitted assigns. In the event of the Employees death after the Date of Termination
but prior to the completion by the Company of all payments due to the Employee under this Agreement, the Company shall continue such
payments to the Employees beneficiary designated in writing to the Company prior to the Employees death (or to the Employees
estate, if the Employee fails to make such designation).

25.Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when
so executed and delivered shall be taken to be an original; but such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same document.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

10 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the Parties, intending to be legally bound, have executed this Agreement on the date(s) indicated below.

SCHOLAR ROCK, INC.

By: /s/ Jay Backstrom

Name: Jay Backstrom,
M.D., MPH

Title: Chief Executive
Officer

Date: 1/28/2025

EMPLOYEE

/s/ Edward H. Myles

Edward H. Myles

Date: 1/28/2025

11
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm254750d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Scholar Rock Announces the Appointment of Industry
Leader Lisa Wyman as Chief Technical and Quality Officer and Planned Leadership Transition 

- Lisa Wyman brings more than 20 years of leadership
and functional experience to new role of Chief Technical and Quality Officer on the Executive Team at Scholar Rock 

- Ted Myles, Chief Operating Officer & Chief
Financial Officer, will continue to operate through transition phase to a new organizational structure 

CAMBRIDGE, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jan. 29, 2025-- Scholar Rock (NASDAQ:
SRRK), a late-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on advancing innovative treatments for spinal muscular atrophy (SMA), cardiometabolic
disorders, and other serious diseases where protein growth factors play a fundamental role, announced today that Lisa Wyman has been appointed
to the new role of Chief Technical and Quality Officer (CTQO) to support the Companys ongoing growth and evolution to becoming
a fully integrated biopharma company as it prepares for its first expected drug approval and commercial launch in 2025.

Ms. Wyman brings more than 20 years of leadership and functional experience
in technical and quality operations, including executive team responsibilities in her most recent roles at Generate:Biomedicines and Acceleron
Pharma. She joins Scholar Rocks Executive Team, reporting directly to Jay Backstrom, M.D., MPH, President and Chief Executive Officer.

As the Company transitions to a new organizational structure, the role
of Chief Operating Officer (COO) is being eliminated, and the Company has initiated a search for a Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Ted
Myles, COO & CFO at Scholar Rock, will remain with the Company through mid-March, and then serve as a Senior Advisor for six months,
during the leadership transition.

I am delighted to have Lisa join Scholar Rock and further fortify
our readiness to bring apitegromab to the market for patients and continue to expand our technical and quality operations for our earlier
stage clinical pipeline, said Dr. Backstrom. We are at a critical and exciting stage in our evolution from a historically
R&D focused company, to planning for our first anticipated commercial product launch. Lisas leadership and technical expertise
are instrumental for us to achieve our mission to discover, develop, and deliver therapies to improve peoples lives and make a
meaningful difference for people living with serious diseases.

Dr. Backstrom added, I am grateful to Ted for his many contributions
to Scholar Rock during a very important period of organizational growth and transformation and helping us on our path to becoming a fully
integrated biopharma company. On behalf of the Board of Directors and the entire Executive Team, I would like to thank Ted for his strong
leadership and his continued support through this transition period. We wish him continued success in his next industry leadership role.

Ms. Wyman joins Scholar Rock from Generate:Biomedicines where she served
as Chief Technical Operations Officer, and a member of the Companys Executive Leadership Team. While at Generate, she was responsible
for establishing and building out the global technical operations organization to support its pursuit of developing a broad portfolio
of medicines for patients. Her role included leading multi-faceted teams across Chemistry, Manufacturing, and Controls (CMC), technical
development, quality, supply operations.

Prior to Generate, Ms. Wyman served as the Senior Vice President of
Technical Operations and Quality, and member of the Executive Committee at Acceleron, where she helped to transform the enterprise from
a research and development-focused company to a fully integrated biotech, which led to the eventual sale of the company to Merck &
Co. in 2021 for over $11 billion. At Acceleron, she led the CMC strategy for the accelerated development of sotatercept (marketed as WINREVAIR)
for pulmonary arterial hypertension and supported the launch of Accelerons first commercial product Reblozyl.

Before joining Acceleron, she had roles of increasing responsibility
at Mersana Therapeutics, Shire, and Boston Scientific. She graduated from Ithaca College with a degree in biology and earned a masters
degree in engineering management from Tufts University.

About Scholar Rock

Scholar Rock is a biopharmaceutical
company that discovers, develops, and delivers life-changing therapies for people with serious diseases that have high unmet need. As
a global leader in the biology of the transforming growth factor beta (TGF) superfamily and named for the visual resemblance of
a scholar rock to protein structures, the clinical-stage company is focused on advancing innovative treatments where protein growth factors
are fundamental. Over the past decade, Scholar Rock has created a pipeline with the potential to advance the standard of care for neuromuscular
disease, cardiometabolic disorders, cancer, and other conditions where growth factor-targeted drugs can play a transformational role.

This commitment to unlocking
fundamentally different therapeutic approaches is powered by broad application of a proprietary platform, which has developed novel monoclonal
antibodies to modulate protein growth factors with extraordinary selectivity. By harnessing cutting-edge science in disease spaces that
are historically under-addressed through traditional therapies, Scholar Rock works every day to create new possibilities for patients.
Learn more about our approach at ScholarRock.com and follow @ScholarRock and on LinkedIn.

The efficacy and safety of
apitegromab has not been established and apitegromab has not been approved for any use by the FDA or any other regulatory agency.

Scholar Rock
is a registered trademark of Scholar Rock, Inc.

Availability of Other Information About Scholar Rock

Investors and others should note that we communicate
with our investors and the public using our company website www.scholarrock.com, including, but not limited to, company disclosures,
investor presentations and FAQs, Securities and Exchange Commission filings, press releases, public conference call transcripts and webcast
transcripts, as well as on Twitter and LinkedIn. The information that we post on our website or on Twitter or LinkedIn could be deemed
to be material information. As a result, we encourage investors, the media and others interested to review the information that we post
there on a regular basis. The contents of our website or social media shall not be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains "forward-looking
statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including, but not limited to, statements
regarding Scholar Rocks future expectations, plans and prospects, including without limitation, Scholar Rocks expectations
regarding its progress and plans for apitegromab and the ability of any individual to affect the performance of the Company. The
use of words such as may, could, might, will, should, expect,
plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, project, intend,
future, potential, or continue, and other similar expressions are intended to identify such
forward-looking statements for the purposes of the safe harbor provisions under The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
All such forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations of future events and are subject to a number of risks
and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those set forth in or implied by such forward-looking
statements. These risks and uncertainties include, without limitation, that preclinical and clinical data, including the results from
the Phase 3 trial of apitegromab, are not predictive of, may be inconsistent with, or more favorable than, data generated from future
or ongoing clinical trials of the same product candidate; Scholar Rocks ability to provide the financial support, resources and
expertise necessary to identify and develop product candidates on the expected timeline; the data generated from Scholar Rocks
nonclinical and preclinical studies and clinical trials; information provided or decisions made by regulatory authorities; competition
from third parties that are developing products for similar uses; Scholar Rocks ability to obtain, maintain and protect its intellectual
property; the success of Scholar Rocks current and potential future collaborations; Scholar Rocks dependence on third parties
for development and manufacture of product candidates including, without limitation, to supply any clinical trials; Scholar Rocks
ability to manage expenses and to obtain additional funding when needed to support its business activities; its ability to establish or
maintain strategic business alliances; its ability to receive priority or expedited regulatory review or to obtain regulatory approval
of apitegromab; its ability to expand globally and the anticipated commercial launch in the United States of apitegromab in the fourth
quarter of 2025; as well as those risks more fully discussed in the section entitled "Risk Factors" in Scholar Rocks
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as well as discussions of potential risks, uncertainties, and
other important factors in Scholar Rocks subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Any forward-looking statements
represent Scholar Rocks views only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing its views as of any subsequent date.
All information in this press release is as of the date of the release, and Scholar Rock undertakes no duty to update this information
unless required by law. 

Scholar Rock:

Investors

Rushmie Nofsinger

Scholar Rock

rnofsinger@scholarrock.com

ir@scholarrock.com

857-259-5573

Media

Molly MacLeod

Scholar Rock

mmacleod@scholarrock.com

media@scholarrock.com

802-579-5995
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>srrk-20250128.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>srrk-20250128_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>srrk-20250128_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 28, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 28, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38501

Entity Registrant Name Scholar Rock Holding Corporation

Entity Central Index Key 0001727196

Entity Tax Identification Number 82-3750435

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 301 Binney Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two 3rd Floor

Entity Address, City or Town Cambridge

Entity Address, State or Province MA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 02142

City Area Code 857

Local Phone Number 259-3860

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol SRRK

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://scholarrock.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

srrk-20250128.xsd 
srrk-20250128_lab.xml 
srrk-20250128_pre.xml 
tm254750d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-007028-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>tm254750d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001727196 

2025-01-28 
2025-01-28 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001727196 
8-K 
2025-01-28 
Scholar Rock Holding Corporation 
DE 
001-38501 
82-3750435 
301 Binney Street 
3rd Floor 
Cambridge 
MA 
02142 
857 
259-3860 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
SRRK 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>