<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-030414.txt : 20250401
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-030414.hdr.sgml : 20250401
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250401130054
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-030414
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250401
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250401
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250401

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VOXX International Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000807707
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-ELECTRONIC PARTS & EQUIPMENT, NEC [5065]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		EIN:				131964841
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09532
		FILM NUMBER:		25798255

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		180 MARCUS BLVD
		CITY:			HAUPPAUGE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11788
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6312317750

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		180 MARCUS BLVD
		CITY:			HAUPPAUGE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11788

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AUDIOVOX CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2510680d5_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--02-28000080770700008077072025-04-012025-04-01iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):April 1, 2025

VOXX INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 0-28839 13-1964841

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

2351 J. Lawson Boulevard

Orlando, Florida 32824

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (800) 645-7750

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading

Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Class A Common Stock $.01 par value VOXX The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Introductory Note

This Current Report on Form 8-K (Current Report)
is being filed in connection with the closing on April 1, 2025 of the previously announced transaction contemplated by that certain
Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of December 17, 2024 (the Merger Agreement), by and among VOXX International
Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), Gentex Corporation, a Michigan corporation (Gentex), and
Instrument Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Gentex (Merger Sub). Pursuant to
the terms and conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, on April 1, 2025, Merger Sub merged with and into the Company (the Merger),
with the Company continuing as the surviving corporation (the Surviving Corporation). As a result of the Merger, the Company
became a wholly owned subsidiary of Gentex.

Item 1.02 Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note of this Current
Report is incorporated by reference in this Item 1.02.

In connection with the Merger, on April 1, 2025, the Company terminated
all commitments and repaid all amounts outstanding under that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 26,
2016, by and among the Company, the borrowers party thereto from time to time, the guarantors and the lenders party thereto from time
to time and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as administrative agent.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and in Items 3.03,
5.01, 5.02, 5.03 and 8.01 of this Current Report is incorporated by reference in this Item 2.01.

On April 1, 2025, Gentex completed the acquisition of the Company.
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), each share of the Companys
Class A Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share (Class A Common Stock), and Class B Common Stock, par value
$0.01 per share (Class B Common Stock and, together with the Class A Common Stock, the Company Common Stock),
issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than (i) shares owned by Gentex, Merger Sub, the Company, or
any of their respective subsidiaries, which were cancelled and ceased to exist, and for which no consideration was paid, and (ii) shares
that were not voted in favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement and for which the holder properly exercised appraisal rights in accordance
with the Delaware General Corporation Law in respect of such shares) were cancelled and converted into the right to receive cash in the
amount of $7.50 per share (the Per Share Merger Consideration), without interest, less any required withholding taxes.

In addition, at the Effective Time, restricted stock units of the Company
(Company RSUs) outstanding immediately before the Effective Time of the Merger automatically vested in full (if unvested),
were cancelled and converted into the right to receive a cash payment equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Company
Common Stock underlying such Company RSU multiplied by (ii) the Per Share Merger Consideration, less applicable withholding taxes.

The foregoing description of the Merger and the Merger Agreement, and
the transactions contemplated thereby, does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to,
the full text of the Merger Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on December 18, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference into
this Item 2.01.

Item 3.01 Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and Item 2.01 of
this Current Report is incorporated by reference in this Item 3.01.

On April 1, 2025, the Company notified the Nasdaq Stock Market
LLC (the Nasdaq) that the Merger had been completed, and requested that the Nasdaq suspend trading of the shares of Class A
Common Stock on the Nasdaq and withdraw the Class A Common Stock from listing on the Nasdaq on April 1, 2025. The Company also
requested that the Nasdaq file with the SEC a notification of removal from listing and registration on Form 25 to effect the delisting
of all shares of Class A Common Stock from the Nasdaq and the deregistration of such Class A Common Stock under Section 12(b) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). As a result, the Class A Common Stock will no longer
be listed on the Nasdaq.

In addition, the Company intends to file a certification on Form 15
with the SEC requesting the termination of registration of the shares of Class A Common Stock under Section 12(g) of the
Exchange Act and the suspension of the Companys reporting obligations under Sections 13 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act with
respect to the shares of Class A Common Stock.

Item 3.03 Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note, Items 2.01,
5.01 and 5.03 of this Current Report is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.03.

At the Effective Time, each holder of Company Common Stock issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time ceased to have any rights as a shareholder of the Company (other than the rights of
holders of Company Common Stock to receive the Per Share Merger Consideration described under Item 2.01 above).

Item 5.01 Change in Control of Registrant.

The information set forth above in the Introductory Note and Items
2.01, 3.03, 5.02 and 5.03 of this Current Report is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.01.

As a result of the consummation of the Merger, a change in control
of the Company occurred, and the Surviving Corporation became a wholly owned subsidiary of Gentex.

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of
Certain Officers.

The information set forth above in the Introductory Note and Item 2.01
of this Current Report is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.02.

At the Effective Time, each of Ari M. Shalam, Patrick M. Lavelle, Beat
Kahli, John J. Shalam, Denise Waund Gibson and John Adamovich, Jr. ceased to serve as directors of the Company, and Neil Boehm, Kevin
Nash and Scott Ryan joined Steven Downing as the directors of the Surviving Corporation.

In addition, at the Effective Time, the officers of the Company immediately
prior to the Effective Time became the officers of the Surviving Corporation.

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

The information set forth above in the Introductory Note and Item 2.01
of this Current Report is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.03.

In connection with the consummation of the Merger, effective as of
the Effective Time, the certificate of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation was amended and restated in its entirety, and the bylaws
of Merger Sub in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time became the bylaws of the Surviving Corporation. A copy of the Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation and the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation
are filed herewith as Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 8.01 Other Events.

On April 1, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing
the consummation of the Merger. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report and is incorporated
herein by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description 

2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated December 17, 2024, by and among VOXX International Corporation, Gentex Corporation and Instrument Merger Sub, Inc. (incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by VOXX International Corporation on December 18, 2024)*

3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of VOXX International Corporation

3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of VOXX International Corporation

99.1 Press release with respect to the consummation of the Merger, released on April 1, 2025 by VOXX International Corporation

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)

* Pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K, certain
exhibits and schedules have been omitted. The registrant hereby agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted exhibit or schedule
to the SEC upon request.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

VOXX INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION

(Registrant)

Date: April 1, 2025 By: /s/ Loriann
Shelton

Loriann Shelton

Senior Vice President

Chief Financial Officer

Chief Operating Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm2510680d5_ex3-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

AMENDED AND RESTATED

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF

voxx
international corporation

FIRST: The name of the corporation (the Corporation)
is:

Voxx International Corporation

SECOND: The address of the Corporations
registered office in the State of Delaware is Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle,
19801. The name of the Corporations registered agent at such address is the Corporation Trust Company.

THIRD: The purpose of the Corporation is to engage
in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the DGCL.

FOURTH: The total number of shares that the Corporation
has authority to issue is 1,000 shares of Common Stock, par value of $0.001 per share.

FIFTH: Elections of directors need not be by written
ballot except and to the extent provided in the bylaws of the Corporation.

SIXTH: To the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL
as it now exists or may hereafter be amended, a director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders
for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty owed to the Corporation or its stockholders. Neither the amendment nor repeal of this
Article Sixth, nor the adoption of any provision of this Certificate of Incorporation, nor, to the fullest extent permitted by the
DGCL, any modification of law shall eliminate, reduce or otherwise adversely affect any right or protection of a current or former director
of the Corporation existing at the time of such amendment, repeal, adoption or modification.

SEVENTH: The Corporation shall, to the fullest
extent permitted by Section 145 of the DGCL, as the same may be amended and supplemented, or by any successor thereto, provide indemnification
to (and advancement of expenses to) any and all persons whom it shall have power to indemnify (and advance expenses to) under said section
from and against any and all of the expenses, liabilities, or other matters referred to in or covered by said section. Such right to indemnification
shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of heirs, executors
and administrators of such a person. The indemnification provided for herein shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights of which
those seeking indemnification may be entitled under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise.
An advancement of expenses incurred by an indemnitee in his or her capacity as a director or officer shall be made only upon delivery
to the Corporation of an undertaking, by or on behalf of such indemnitee, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined
by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal that such indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified for such
expenses under this section or otherwise (hereinafter an undertaking). If a claim under this Article SEVENTH
is not paid in full by the Corporation within sixty days after a written claim has been received by the Corporation, except in the case
of a claim for an advancement of expenses, in which case the applicable period shall be twenty days, the indemnitee may at any time thereafter
bring suit against the Corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the claim. If successful in whole or in part in any such suit, or in
a suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the indemnitee shall
be entitled to be paid also the expense of prosecuting or defending such suit.

EIGHTH: In furtherance and not in limitation of
the rights, powers, privileges, and discretionary authority granted or conferred by the DGCL or other statutes or laws of the State of
Delaware, the Board of Directors is expressly authorized to make, alter, amend or repeal the bylaws of the Corporation, without any action
on the part of the stockholders. The Corporation may in its bylaws confer powers upon the Board of Directors in addition to the foregoing
and in addition to the powers and authorities expressly conferred upon the Board of Directors by applicable law.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm2510680d5_ex3-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.2

AMENDED AND RESTATED

BYLAWS

OF

VOXX INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION

a Delaware corporation

(hereinafter called the Corporation)

ARTICLE I

OFFICES

Section 1. Registered Office.
The registered office of the Corporation shall be in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware.

Section 2. Other Offices. The
Corporation may also have offices at such other places both within and without the State of Delaware as the Board of Directors may from
time to time determine.

ARTICLE II

MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

Section 1. Place of Meetings.
Meetings of the stockholders for the election of directors or for any other purpose shall be held at such time and place, either within
and without the State of Delaware as shall be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors.

Section 2. Annual Meetings. The
Annual Meetings of Stockholders shall be held for the election of directors and for the transaction of any other proper business each
year on any day subject to board designation. In the absence of designation of a place by the Board of Directors, each such meeting shall
be held at the principal office of the Corporation.

Section 3. Special Meetings. Unless
otherwise required by law or by the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation, as amended or amended and restated from time to time
(the Certificate of Incorporation), Special Meetings of Stockholders, for any purpose or purposes, may be called
by either (i) the Chairman, if there be one, or (ii) the President, (iii) any Vice President, if there be one, (iv) the
Secretary or (v) any Assistant Secretary, if there be one, and shall be called by any such officer at the request in writing of (i) the
Board of Directors or (ii) stockholders owning a majority of the capital stock of the Corporation issued and outstanding and entitled
to vote. Such request shall state the purpose or purposes of the proposed meeting. At a Special Meeting of Stockholders, only such business
shall be conducted as shall be specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto).

Section 4. Notice. Whenever stockholders
are required or permitted to take any action at a meeting, a written notice of the meeting shall be given which shall state the place,
date and hour of the meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. Unless otherwise
required by law, the written notice of any meeting shall be given not less than ten nor more than sixty days before the date of the meeting
to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting.

Section 5. Adjournments. Any meeting
of the stockholders may be adjourned from time to time to reconvene at the same or some other place, and notice need not be given of any
such adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned
meeting, the Corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for
more than thirty days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, notice of the adjourned meeting
shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting.

Section 6. Quorum. Unless otherwise
required by law or the Certificate of Incorporation, the holders of a majority of the capital stock issued and outstanding and entitled
to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders for the transaction
of business. A quorum, once established, shall not be broken by the withdrawal of enough votes to leave less than a quorum. If, however,
such quorum shall not be present or represented at any meeting of the stockholders, the stockholders entitled to vote thereat, present
in person or represented by proxy, shall have power to adjourn the meeting from time to time, in the manner provided in Section 5
of this Article II, until a quorum shall be present or represented.

Section 7. Voting. Unless otherwise
required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any question brought before any meeting of stockholders, other than
the election of directors, shall be decided by the vote of the holders of a majority of the total number of votes of the capital stock
represented and entitled to vote thereat, voting as a single class. Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, and
subject to Section 5 of Article V hereof, each stockholder represented at a meeting of stockholders shall be entitled to cast
one vote for each share of the capital stock entitled to vote thereat held by such stockholder. Such votes may be cast in person or by
proxy but no proxy shall be voted on or after three years from its date, unless such proxy provides for a longer period. The Board of
Directors, in its discretion, or the officer of the Corporation presiding at a meeting of stockholders, in such officers discretion,
may require that any votes cast at such meeting shall be cast by written ballot.

- 2 -

Section 8. Consent of Stockholders
in Lieu of Meeting. Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, any action required or permitted to be taken at
any Annual or Special Meeting of Stockholders of the Corporation, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote,
if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not
less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled
to vote thereon were present and voted and shall be delivered to the Corporation by delivery to its registered office in the State of
Delaware, its principal place of business, or an officer or agent of the corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of
meetings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to the Corporations registered office shall be by hand or by certified or
registered mail, return receipt requested. Every written consent shall bear the date of signature of each stockholder who signs the consent
and no written consent shall be effective to take the corporate action referred to therein unless, within sixty days of the earliest dated
consent delivered in the manner required by this Section 8 to the Corporation, written consents signed by a sufficient number of
holders to take action are delivered to the Corporation by delivery to its registered office in the state of Delaware, its principal place
of business, or an officer or agent of the Corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are
recorded. Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given
to those stockholders who have not consented in writing and who, if the action had been taken at a meeting, would have been entitled to
notice of the meeting if the record date for such meeting had been the date that written consents signed by a sufficient number of holders
to take the action were delivered to the Corporation as provided above in this section.

Section 9. List of Stockholders Entitled
to Vote. The officer of the Corporation who has charge of the stock ledger of the Corporation shall prepare and make, at least ten
days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical
order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall
be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of
at least ten days prior to the meeting either at a place within the city where the meeting is to be held, which place shall be specified
in the notice of the meeting, or, if not so specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held. The list shall also be produced and
kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder of the Corporation who
is present.

Section 10. Stock Ledger. The
stock ledger of the Corporation shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine the stock ledger, the list
required by Section 9 of this Article II or the books of the Corporation, or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of
stockholders.

Section 11. Conduct of Meetings.
The Board of Directors of the Corporation may adopt by resolution such rules and regulations for the conduct of the meeting of the
stockholders as it shall deem appropriate. Except to the extent inconsistent with such rules and regulations as adopted by the Board
of Directors, the chairman of any meeting of the stockholders shall have the right and authority to prescribe such rules, regulations
and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such chairman, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting. Such
rules, regulations or procedures, whether adopted by the Board of Directors or prescribed by the chairman of the meeting, may include,
without limitation, the following: (i) the establishment of an agenda or order of business for the meeting; (ii) the determination
of when the polls shall open and close for any given matter to be voted on at the meeting; (iii) rules and procedures for maintaining
order at the meeting and the safety of those present; (iv) limitations on attendance at or participation in the meeting to stockholders
of record of the corporation, their duly authorized and constituted proxies or such other persons as the chairman of the meeting shall
determine; (v) restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof; and (vi) limitations
on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants.

- 3 -

ARTICLE III

DIRECTORS

Section 1. Number and Election of
Directors. The Board of Directors shall consist of four members. The number of members on the Board of Directors may be changed from
time to time by action of the stockholders or by action of the Board of Directors. Except as provided in Section 2 of this Article III,
directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast at the Annual Meetings of Stockholders and each director so elected shall
hold office until the next Annual Meeting of Stockholders and until such directors successor is duly elected and qualified, or
until such directors earlier death, resignation or removal. Any director may resign at any time upon written notice to the Corporation.
Directors need not be stockholders.

Section 2. Vacancies. Unless otherwise
required by law or the Certificate of Incorporation, vacancies arising through death, resignation, removal, an increase in the number
of directors or otherwise may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, though less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining
director, or by a majority of the stockholders if no directors remain in office, and the directors so chosen shall hold office until the
next annual election and until their successors are duly elected and qualified, or until their earlier death, resignation or removal.

Section 3. Duties and Powers.
The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors which may exercise all
such powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation or
by these Bylaws required to be exercised or done by the stockholders.

Section 4. Meetings. The Board
of Directors may hold meetings, both regular and special, either within or outside the State of Delaware. Regular meetings of the Board
of Directors may be held without notice at such time and at such place as may from time to time be determined by the Board of Directors.
Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the Chairman, if there be one, the President, or by any director. Notice thereof
stating the place, date and hour of the meeting shall be given to each director either by mail not less than forty-eight (48) hours before
the date of the meeting, by telephone or telegram on twenty-four (24) hours notice, or on such shorter notice as the person or
persons calling such meeting may deem necessary or appropriate in the circumstances.

Section 5. Quorum. Except as otherwise
required by law or the Certificate of Incorporation, at all meetings of the Board of Directors, a majority of the entire Board of Directors
shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business and the act of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which there
is a quorum shall be the act of the Board of Directors. If a quorum shall not be present at any meeting of the Board of Directors, the
directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting of the time
and place of the adjourned meeting, until a quorum shall be present.

- 4 -

Section 6. Actions by Written Consent.
Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, or these Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting
of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if all the members of the Board of Directors or
committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing, and the writing or writings are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the
Board of Directors or committee.

Section 7. Meetings by Means of Conference
Telephone. Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, members of the Board of Directors of the Corporation, or
any committee thereof, may participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors or such committee by means of a conference telephone or
similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and participation in
a meeting pursuant to this Section 7 shall constitute presence in person at such meeting.

Section 8. Committees. The Board
of Directors may designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. The Board
of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member
at any meeting of any such committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, and in the absence of a designation
by the Board of Directors of an alternate member to replace the absent or disqualified member, the member or members thereof present at
any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another
member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any absent or disqualified member. Any committee, to the extent
permitted by law and provided in the resolution establishing such committee, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority
of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation
to be affixed to all papers which may require it. Each committee shall keep regular minutes and report to the Board of Directors when
required.

Section 9. Compensation. The directors
may be paid their expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors and may be paid a fixed sum for attendance
at each meeting of the Board of Directors or a stated salary as director, payable in cash or securities. No such payment shall preclude
any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. Members of special or standing committees
may be allowed like compensation for attending committee meetings.

Section 10. Interested Directors.
No contract or transaction between the Corporation and one or more of its directors or officers, or between the Corporation and any other
corporation, partnership, association, or other organization in which one or more of its directors or officers are directors or officers
or have a financial interest, shall be void or voidable solely for this reason, or solely because the director or officer is present at
or participates in the meeting of the Board of Directors or committee thereof which authorizes the contract or transaction, or solely
because the director or officers vote is counted for such purpose if (i) the material facts as to the director or officers
relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the Board of Directors or the committee,
and the Board of Directors or committee in good faith authorizes the contract or transaction by the affirmative votes of a majority of
the disinterested directors, even though the disinterested directors be less than a quorum; or (ii) the material facts as to the
director or officers relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the stockholders
entitled to vote thereon, and the contract or transaction is specifically approved in good faith by vote of the stockholders; or (iii) the
contract or transaction is fair as to the Corporation as of the time it is authorized, approved or ratified by the Board of Directors,
a committee thereof or the stockholders. Common or interested directors may be counted in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting
of the Board of Directors or of a committee which authorizes the contract or transaction.

- 5 -

ARTICLE IV

OFFICERS

Section 1. General. The officers
of the Corporation shall be chosen by the Board of Directors and shall be a President and a Secretary. The Board of Directors, in its
discretion, also may choose a Chairman of the Board of Directors (who must be a director) and a Chief Executive Officer, one or more Vice
Presidents, a Treasurer, Assistant Secretaries, Assistant Treasurers and other officers. Any number of offices may be held by the same
person, unless otherwise prohibited by law or the Certificate of Incorporation. The officers of the Corporation need not be stockholders
of the Corporation nor, except in the case of the Chairman of the Board of Directors, need such officers be directors of the Corporation.

Section 2. Election. The Board
of Directors, at its first meeting held after each Annual Meeting of Stockholders (or action by written consent of stockholders in lieu
of the Annual Meeting of Stockholders), shall elect the officers of the Corporation who shall hold their offices for such terms and shall
exercise such powers and perform such duties as shall be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors; and all officers of the
Corporation shall hold office until their successors are chosen and qualified, or until their earlier death, resignation or removal. Any
officer elected by the Board of Directors may be removed at any time by the affirmative vote of the Board of Directors. Any vacancy occurring
in any office of the Corporation shall be filled by the Board of Directors. The salaries of all officers of the Corporation shall be fixed
by the Board of Directors.

Section 3. Voting Securities Owned
by the Corporation. Powers of attorney, proxies, waivers of notice of meeting, consents and other instruments relating to securities
owned by the Corporation may be executed in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation by the President or any Vice President or any
other officer authorized to do so by the Board of Directors and any such officer may, in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation,
take all such action as any such officer may deem advisable to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of security holders of any corporation
in which the Corporation may own securities and at any such meeting shall possess and may exercise any and all rights and power incident
to the ownership of such securities and which, as the owner thereof, the Corporation might have exercised and possessed if present. The
Board of Directors may, by resolution, from time to time confer like powers upon any other person or persons.

- 6 -

Section 4. Chairman of the Board of
Directors. The Chairman of the Board of Directors, if there be one, shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and of the Board
of Directors. The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall be the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, unless the Board of Directors
designates the President as the Chief Executive Officer, and, except where by law the signature of the President is required, the Chairman
of the Board of Directors shall possess the same power as the President to sign all contracts, certificates and other instruments of the
Corporation which may be authorized by the Board of Directors. During the absence or disability of the President, the Chairman of the
Board of Directors shall exercise all the powers and discharge all the duties of the President. The Chairman of the Board of Directors
shall also perform such other duties and may exercise such other powers as may from time to time be assigned by these Bylaws or by the
Board of Directors.

Section 5. President. The President
shall, subject to the control of the Board of Directors and, if there be one, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, have general supervision
of the business of the Corporation and shall see that all orders and resolutions of the Board of Directors are carried into effect. The
President shall execute all bonds, mortgages, contracts and other instruments of the Corporation requiring a seal, under the seal of the
Corporation, except where required or permitted by law to be otherwise signed and executed and except that the other officers of the Corporation
may sign and execute documents when so authorized by these Bylaws, the Board of Directors or the President. In the absence or disability
of the Chairman of the Board of Directors, or if there be none, the President shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and the
Board of Directors. If there be no Chairman of the Board of Directors, or if the Board of Directors shall otherwise designate, the President
shall be the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation. The President shall also perform such other duties and may exercise such other
powers as may from time to time be assigned to such officer by these Bylaws or by the Board of Directors.

Section 6. Vice Presidents. At
the request of the President or in the Presidents absence or in the event of the Presidents inability or refusal to act
(and if there be no Chairman of the Board of Directors), the Vice President, or the Vice Presidents if there is more than one (in the
order designated by the Board of Directors), shall perform the duties of the President, and when so acting, shall have all the powers
of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the President. Each Vice President shall perform such other duties and have such other
powers as the Board of Directors from time to time may prescribe. If there be no Chairman of the Board of Directors and no Vice President,
the Board of Directors shall designate the officer of the Corporation who, in the absence of the President or in the event of the inability
or refusal of the President to act, shall perform the duties of the President, and when so acting, shall have all the powers of and be
subject to all the restrictions upon the President.

Section 7. Secretary. The Secretary
shall attend all meetings of the Board of Directors and all meetings of stockholders and record all the proceedings thereat in a book
or books to be kept for that purpose; the Secretary shall also perform like duties for committees of the Board of Directors when required.
The Secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the stockholders and special meetings of the Board of Directors,
and shall perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board of Directors or the President,
under whose supervision the Secretary shall be. If the Secretary shall be unable or shall refuse to cause to be given notice of all meetings
of the stockholders and special meetings of the Board of Directors, and if there be no Assistant Secretary, then either the Board of Directors
or the President may choose another officer to cause such notice to be given. The Secretary shall have custody of the seal of the Corporation
and the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary, if there be one, shall have authority to affix the same to any instrument requiring it and
when so affixed, it may be attested by the signature of the Secretary or by the signature of any such Assistant Secretary. The Board of
Directors may give general authority to any other officer to affix the seal of the Corporation and to attest to the affixing by such officers
signature. The Secretary shall see that all books, reports, statements, certificates and other documents and records required by law to
be kept or filed are properly kept or filed, as the case may be.

- 7 -

Section 8. Treasurer. The Treasurer,
if there be one, shall have the custody of the corporate funds and securities and shall keep full and accurate accounts of receipts and
disbursements in books belonging to the Corporation and shall deposit all moneys and other valuable effects in the name and to the credit
of the Corporation in such depositories as may be designated by the Board of Directors. The Treasurer shall disburse the funds of the
Corporation as may be ordered by the Board of Directors, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements, and shall render to the President
and the Board of Directors, at its regular meetings, or when the Board of Directors so requires, an account of all transactions as Treasurer
and of the financial condition of the Corporation. If required by the Board of Directors, the Treasurer shall give the Corporation a bond
in such sum and with such surety or sureties as shall be satisfactory to the Board of Directors for the faithful performance of the duties
of the office of the Treasurer and for the restoration to the Corporation, in case of the Treasurers death, resignation, retirement
or removal from office, of all books, papers, vouchers, money and other property of whatever kind in the Treasurers possession
or under the Treasurers control belonging to the Corporation.

Section 9. Assistant Secretaries.
Assistant Secretaries, if there be any, shall perform such duties and have such powers as from time to time may be assigned to them by
the Board of Directors, the President, any Vice President, if there be one, or the Secretary, and in the absence of the Secretary or in
the event of the Secretarys disability or refusal to act, shall perform the duties of the Secretary, and when so acting, shall
have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the Secretary.

Section 10. Assistant Treasurers.
Assistant Treasurers, if there be any, shall perform such duties and have such powers as from time to time may be assigned to them by
the Board of Directors, the President, any Vice President, if there be one, or the Treasurer, and in the absence of the Treasurer or in
the event of the Treasurers disability or refusal to act, shall perform the duties of the Treasurer, and when so acting, shall
have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the Treasurer. If required by the Board of Directors, an Assistant
Treasurer shall give the Corporation a bond in such sum and with such surety or sureties as shall be satisfactory to the Board of Directors
for the faithful performance of the duties of the office of Assistant Treasurer and for the restoration to the Corporation, in case of
the Assistant Treasurers death, resignation, retirement or removal from office, of all books, papers, vouchers, money and other
property of whatever kind in the Assistant Treasurers possession or under the Assistant Treasurers control belonging to
the Corporation.

- 8 -

Section 11. Other Officers. Such
other officers as the Board of Directors may choose shall perform such duties and have such powers as from time to time may be assigned
to them by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may delegate to any other officer of the Corporation the power to choose such
other officers and to prescribe their respective duties and powers.

ARTICLE V

STOCK

Section 1. Stock Certificates; Uncertificated
Shares. The shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be represented by certificates, provided that the Board of Directors
may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of the Corporations stock shall be uncertificated
shares. Any such resolution shall not apply to shares represented by a certificate until such certificate is surrendered to the Corporation.
Shares of the Corporations stock may also be evidenced by registration in the holders name in uncertificated, book-entry
form on the books of the Corporation.

Section 2. Form of Certificates.
Every holder of stock in the Corporation represented by a certificate shall be entitled to have a certificate signed, in the name of the
Corporation (i) by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the President or a Vice President and (ii) by the Treasurer or an
Assistant Treasurer, or the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Corporation, certifying the number of shares owned by such stockholder
in the Corporation.

Section 3. Signatures. Any or
all of the signatures on a certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile
signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate
is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if such person were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at
the date of issue.

Section 4. Lost Certificates.
The Board of Directors may direct a new certificate to be issued in place of any certificate theretofore issued by the Corporation alleged
to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate of stock to
be lost, stolen or destroyed. When authorizing such issue of a new certificate, the Board of Directors may, in its discretion and as a
condition precedent to the issuance thereof, require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or the owners legal
representative, to advertise the same in such manner as the Board of Directors shall require and/or to give the Corporation a bond in
such sum as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against the Corporation with respect to the certificate alleged
to have been lost, stolen or destroyed or the issuance of such new certificate.

Section 5. Transfers. Stock of
the Corporation shall be transferable in the manner prescribed by law and in these Bylaws. Transfers of stock represented by certificates
shall be made on the books of the Corporation only by the person named in the certificate or by such persons attorney lawfully
constituted in writing and upon the surrender of the certificate therefor, which shall be cancelled before a new certificate shall be
issued. Transfers of uncertificated shares shall be made on the books of the Corporation only by the record holder thereof, or by an attorney-in-fact,
upon presentation of proper evidence of authority to transfer in accordance with customary procedures for transferring shares in uncertificated
form. No transfer of stock shall be valid as against the Corporation for any purpose until it shall have been entered in the stock records
of the Corporation by an entry showing from and to whom transferred.

- 9 -

Section 6. Record Date.

(a) In order that the Corporation may determine
the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the board of directors may
fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board
of Directors, and which record date shall not be more than sixty nor less than ten days before the date of such meeting. If no record
date is fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of
stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at
the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled
to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; providing, however, that the Board
of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.

(b) In
order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, the Board
of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted
by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall not be more than ten days after the date upon which the resolution fixing the record
date is adopted by the Board of Directors. If no record date has been fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining
stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, when no prior action by the Board of Directors is required
by law, shall be the first date on which a signed written consent setting forth the action taken or proposed to be taken is delivered
to the Corporation by delivery to its registered office in this State, its principal place of business, or an officer or agent of the
Corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to a corporations
registered office shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. If no record date has been fixed by the
Board of Directors and prior action by the Board of Directors is required by law, the record date for determining stockholders entitled
to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors
adopts the resolutions taking such prior action.

(c) In
order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment
of any rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the
purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which
the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date shall be not more than sixty days prior to such action. If no
record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on
which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto.

- 10 -

Section 7. Record Owners. The
Corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends,
and to vote as such owner, and to hold liable for calls and assessments a person registered on its books as the owner of shares, and shall
not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person, whether
or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise required by law.

ARTICLE VI

NOTICES

Section 1. Notices. Whenever written
notice is required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, to be given to any director, member of a committee or stockholder,
such notice may be given by mail, addressed to such director, member of a committee or stockholder, at such persons address as
it appears on the records of the Corporation, with postage thereon prepaid, and such notice shall be deemed to be given at the time when
the same shall be deposited in the United States mail. Written notice may also be given personally or by telegram, telex or cable.

Section 2. Waivers of Notice.
Whenever any notice is required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, to be given to any director, member of a committee
or stockholder, a waiver thereof in writing, signed, by the person or persons entitled to said notice, whether before or after the time
stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent thereto. Attendance of a person at a meeting, present in person or represented by proxy, shall
constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where the person attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting at the
beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened.

ARTICLE VII

GENERAL PROVISIONS

Section 1. Dividends. Dividends
upon the capital stock of the Corporation, subject to the requirements of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware and the
provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, if any, may be declared by the Board of Directors at any regular or special meeting of
the Board of Directors (or any action by written consent in lieu thereof in accordance with Section 6 of Article III hereof),
and may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the Corporations capital stock. Before payment of any dividend, there may
be set aside out of any funds of the Corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the Board of Directors from time to time,
in its absolute discretion, deems proper as a reserve or reserves to meet contingencies, or for equalizing dividends, or for repairing
or maintaining any property of the Corporation, or for any proper purpose, and the Board of Directors may modify or abolish any such reserve.

Section 2. Disbursements. All
checks or demands for money and notes of the Corporation shall be signed by such officer or officers or such other person or persons as
the Board of Directors may from time to time designate.

- 11 -

Section 3. Fiscal Year. The fiscal
year of the Corporation shall begin on the first day of January in each year and end on the last day of December in each year.

Section 4. Corporate Seal. The
corporate seal shall have inscribed thereon the name of the Corporation, the year of its organization and the words Corporate Seal,
Delaware. The seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise.

ARTICLE VIII

INDEMNIFICATION

Section 1. Each person who was or is
made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative (hereinafter a proceeding), by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director
or officer of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director or officer of another corporation or
of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to employee benefit plans (hereinafter an indemnitee),
whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director or officer or in any other capacity while
serving as a director or officer shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation to the fullest extent authorized by the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only
to the extent that such amendment permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights than such law permitted the Corporation
to provide prior to such amendment), against all expense, liability and loss (including attorneys' fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise
taxes or penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by such indemnitee in connection therewith and such
indemnification shall continue as to an indemnitee who had ceased to be a director or officer and shall inure to the benefit of the indemnitee's
heirs, executors and administrators; provided, however, that, except as provided in Section 2 hereof with respect to
proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification, the Corporation shall indemnify any such indemnitee in connection with a proceeding
(or part thereof) initiated by such indemnitee only if such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board of Directors of the
Corporation. The right to indemnification conferred in this section shall be a contract right and shall include the right to be paid by
the Corporation the expenses incurred in defending any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition (hereinafter an advancement
of expenses); provided, however, that an advancement of expenses incurred by an indemnitee in his or her capacity
as a director or officer (and not in any other capacity in which service was or is rendered by such indemnitee, including without limitation,
service to an employee benefit plan) shall be made only upon delivery to the Corporation of (i) an undertaking, by or on behalf of
such indemnitee, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which there is
no further right to appeal that such indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified for such expenses under this section or otherwise (hereinafter
an undertaking) and (ii) assurances that the indemnitee can fulfill such undertaking, in form and substance
satisfactory to the Board of Directors by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who are not party to the proceeding; provided,
however, that in the event all of the directors are party to the proceeding, no such assurances shall be required.

- 12 -

Section 2. If a claim under Section 1
of this Article Eighth is not paid in full by the Corporation within sixty days after a written claim has been received by the Corporation,
except in the case of a claim for an advancement of expenses, in which case the applicable period shall be twenty days, the indemnitee
may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the claim. If successful in whole or in
part in any such suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the indemnitee
shall be entitled to be paid also the expense of prosecuting or defending such suit. In any suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce
a right to indemnification hereunder (but not in a suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to an advancement of expenses) it
shall be a defense that the indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the General Corporation Law of the
State of Delaware. In any suit by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the Corporation
shall be entitled to recover such expenses upon a final adjudication that the indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct
set forth in the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including its Board of Directors,
independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such suit that indemnification
of the indemnitee is proper in the circumstances because the indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, nor an actual determination by the Corporation (including its Board of Directors, independent
legal counsel, or its stockholders) that the indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall create a presumption that
the indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct or, in the case of such a suit brought by the indemnitee, be a defense to
such suit. In any suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right hereunder, or by the Corporation to, recover an advancement of expenses
pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the burden of proving that the indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified or to such advancement
of expenses under this section or otherwise shall be on the Corporation.

Section 3. The rights to indemnification
and to the advancement of expenses conferred in this section shall not be exclusive of any other right which any person may have or hereafter
acquire under any statute, this Certificate of Incorporation, By-law, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise.

Section 4. The Corporation may maintain
insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or another corporation, partnership,
joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to
indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

Section 5. The Corporation may, to the
extent authorized from time to time by the Board of Directors, grant rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses, to
any person who was or is an employee or agent of the Corporation or was or is serving at the request of the Corporation as an employee
or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to employee
benefit plans, to the fullest extent of the provisions of this Article Eighth with respect to the indemnification and advancement
of expenses of directors and officers of the Corporation.

- 13 -

ARTICLE IX

AMENDMENTS

Section 1. Amendments. These Bylaws
may be altered, amended or repealed, in whole or in part, or new Bylaws may be adopted by the stockholders or by the Board of Directors,
provided, however, that notice of such alteration, amendment, repeal or adoption of new Bylaws be contained in the notice
of such meeting of stockholders or Board of Directors as the case may be. All such amendments must be approved by either the holders of
a majority of the outstanding capital stock entitled to vote thereon or by a majority of the entire Board of Directors then in office.

Section 2. Entire Board of Directors.
As used in this Article IX and in these Bylaws generally, the term entire Board of Directors means the total
number of directors which the Corporation would have if there were no vacancies.

* * * * *

- 14 -
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm2510680d5_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Gentex Corporation Closes on its Acquisition
of VOXX International Corporation

ORLANDO, FL. April 1, 2025 VOXX International
Corporation (NASDAQ: VOXX) (VOXX or the Company), a leading manufacturer and distributor of automotive and
consumer technologies for the global markets, as well as biometrics through a strategic joint venture, today announced the successful
closing on the sale of the company to Gentex Corporation (NASDAQ: GNTX).

On December 18, 2024, the companies announced
that they had entered into a definitive agreement and plan of merger (Merger Agreement) for Gentex to acquire VOXX in an
all-cash transaction at a purchase price of $7.50 per share. On March 31, 2025, VOXX held a special meeting of its stockholders (the
Special Meeting) to approve the Merger Agreement and related matters, and VOXX stockholders overwhelmingly voted in favor
of the transaction. With regulatory and stockholder approval obtained and all closing conditions met, on April 1, 2025, Gentex completed
its acquisition of the Company.

Ari Shalam, Chairman of the Board of VOXX International
stated, First and foremost, to all VOXX employees, both past and present, I, the Board and the management owe you a debt of
gratitude. Your dedication, passion and tireless spirit have carried us through every challenge and triumph for more than 60 years. To
our customers and partners, and all those weve worked with throughout the years, thank you for your trust in us. We have accomplished
great things together and I personally, am grateful for the relationships and memories.

VOXX now embarks on a new era as the acquisition
of VOXX by Gentex isnt just a transaction, its a transformation. Its a new beginning that opens doors to an even
brighter future as Gentex brings a legacy of innovation, a commitment to quality and a vision for growth. We all believe the VOXX business,
and its legacy is in great hands under the stewardship of Steve Downing and the entire Gentex family.

We want to continue the legacy of VOXX
Founder John Shalam, said Gentex President and CEO Steve Downing. He was a pioneer who united the automotive and consumer
electronics industries, and Gentex is perfectly positioned to expand upon his vision.

Gentex is a technology company and long-time supplier of electro-optical
products for the global automotive, aerospace, fire protection and medical industries. The company is best known for automotive electronics,
but continues to grow its capabilities in vision systems, sensing, AI development, biometrics, home automation, and other smart technologies.

VOXX brings products, capabilities, and
market expertise that complements our existing business lines, even beyond automotive, said Gentex Chief Operations Officer and
Chief Technology Officer Neil Boehm. For instance, were particularly excited about utilizing VOXXs expertise in
consumer product distribution, retail sales, and mass merchandising as we continue to expand our smart home product portfolio under our
PLACE and HomeLink brands. VOXXs current business is comprised of products for the automotive
OEM and aftermarket, as well as the consumer electronics industry. The acquisition also includes EyeLock, an iris biometric
technology, and the Premium Audio Company, which provides premium audio solutions through world-renowned brands such as Klipsch,
Onkyo and Integra.

We also believe there will be opportunities to apply our expertise
in engineering and high-volume electronics manufacturing to various VOXX product lines, utilizing their existing automotive and consumer
distribution capabilities, to maximize profitability and strengthen their business units, continued Boehm.

1

On April 1, 2025, VOXX notified the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (the
Nasdaq) that the Merger had been completed, and requested that the Nasdaq suspend trading of the shares of Class A
Common Stock on the Nasdaq and withdraw the Class A Common Stock from listing on the Nasdaq.

About VOXX

VOXX International (NASDAQ: VOXX) has grown into a worldwide
leader in the Automotive Electronics and Consumer Electronics industries. Over the past several decades, VOXX has built market-leading
positions in in-vehicle entertainment and automotive security, as well as in a number of premium audio market segments, and more. VOXX
is a global company, with an extensive distribution network that includes power retailers, mass merchandisers, 12-volt specialists and
many of the world's leading automotive manufacturers. For additional information, please visit our website at www.voxxintl.com.

About Gentex

Founded in 1974, Gentex Corporation (NASDAQ: GNTX) is a technology
company that leverages its core competencies, strategic partnerships, acquisitions, and ongoing research to create market-leading positions
in a variety of verticals. You can view some of the Companys latest technology at www.gentex.com.

Safe Harbor Statement

Certain information in this press release constitutes forward-looking
statements, including, but not limited to, information relating to the potential benefits of the acquisition and future performance and
financial condition of VOXX. Actual results could differ materially from such forward-looking information. VOXX undertakes no obligation
to update or to revise any forward-looking statements.

Investor Relations Contact for VOXX:

Glenn Wiener, President & CEO

GW Communications

Email: gwiener@gwcco.com

Investor Relations Contact for Gentex:

Josh OBerski

(616) 931-3505

Josh.oberski@gentex.com

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm2510680d5_ex99-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>voxx-20250401.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>voxx-20250401_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>voxx-20250401_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 01, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 01, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --02-28

Entity File Number 0-28839

Entity Registrant Name VOXX INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION

Entity Central Index Key 0000807707

Entity Tax Identification Number 13-1964841

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 2351 J. Lawson Boulevard

Entity Address, City or Town Orlando

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 32824

City Area Code 800

Local Phone Number 645-7750

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Class A Common Stock $.01 par value

Trading Symbol VOXX

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://voxxintl.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

tm2510680d5_8k.htm 
voxx-20250401.xsd 
voxx-20250401_lab.xml 
voxx-20250401_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-030414-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>tm2510680d5_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000807707 

2025-04-01 
2025-04-01 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--02-28 
0000807707 
8-K 
2025-04-01 
VOXX INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION 
DE 
0-28839 
13-1964841 
2351 J. Lawson Boulevard 
Orlando 
FL 
32824 
800 
645-7750 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock $.01 par value 
VOXX 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>