<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-003248.txt : 20250108
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-003248.hdr.sgml : 20250108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250108085529
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-003248
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250108
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Poseida Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001661460
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				472846548
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39376
		FILM NUMBER:		25516692

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9390 TOWNE CENTRE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121
		BUSINESS PHONE:		858-779-3100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9390 TOWNE CENTRE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d874651d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false0001661460--12-3100016614602025-01-082025-01-08

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):

January 8, 2025

Poseida Therapeutics, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-39376 47-2846548

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

9390 Towne Centre Drive, Suite 200

San Diego, California92121

(Address of Principal Executive Office) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (858)779-3100

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instructions A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share PSTX Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Introductory Note. 

As previously disclosed in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) by Poseida Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) on November 26, 2024, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement), dated as of November 25, 2024, with Roche Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Parent) and Blue Giant Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (Merger Sub). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, on December 9, 2024, Merger Sub commenced a tender offer to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares (the Shares) of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Company Common Stock), of the Company, for (i) $9.00 per Share, in cash, without interest (the Cash Amount) less any applicable withholding taxes, plus (ii) one non-transferable contingent value right (each, a CVR) per Share, representing the right to receive certain contingent payments of up to an aggregate amount of $4.00 per Share, in cash, without interest less any applicable withholding taxes, upon the achievement of certain specified milestones on or prior to the applicable milestone outside dates in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the contingent value rights agreement (the CVR Agreement) entered into with Computershare Inc., a Delaware corporation (Computershare) and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., a federally chartered trust company (together with Computershare, the Rights Agent) (the Cash Amount plus one CVR, collectively, the Offer Consideration), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase, dated December 9, 2024 (together with any amendments or supplements thereto, the Offer to Purchase) and in the related Letter of Transmittal (together with any amendments or supplements thereto, the Letter of Transmittal and the Offer to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal, collectively, the Offer). The Offer to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal were filed as Exhibit (a)(1)(A) and Exhibit (a)(1)(B), respectively, to the Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO originally filed with the SEC by Merger Sub and Parent on December 9, 2024. 

Item 1.02. 

Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement. 

The information contained in the Introductory Note of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 1.02. 

On January 8, 2025, in connection with the Merger (as defined below), the Company, as borrower, terminated, and Parent paid or caused to be paid, on behalf of the Company, all amounts necessary to pay and fully discharge the then-outstanding obligations of the Company under, the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of February 22, 2022, by and among the Company, Oxford Finance LLC, as the collateral agent (the Collateral Agent), the lenders from time to time party thereto and Vindico NanoBioTechnology, LLC (Vindico), as amended by the Consent and First Amendment to the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of July 19, 2023, by and among the Company, the Collateral Agent, the Lenders and Vindico (the First Amendment).The Company previously filed the Loan Agreement as Exhibit 10.23 to its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 10, 2022, and the First Amendment as Exhibit 10.1 to its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2023, filed with the SEC on August 8, 2023. 

Item 2.01. 

Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets. 

The information contained in the Introductory Note and Items 1.02, 5.01 and 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01. 

The Offer and withdrawal rights expired as scheduled at one minute following 11:59 p.m., New York City Time, on January 7, 2025 (such date and time, the Expiration Time). According to Citibank, N.A., the depositary for the Offer (the Depositary), 64,991,586 Shares were validly tendered (excluding any Shares tendered pursuant to guaranteed delivery procedures that had not yet been received) and not validly withdrawn, representing approximately 66.11% of the issued and outstanding Shares as of the time Merger Sub accepted such tendered Shares for payment (the Acceptance Time). In addition, according to the Depositary, Notices of Guaranteed Delivery were delivered for 7,873,717 Shares, representing approximately 8.01% of the issued and outstanding Shares as of the Acceptance Time. As of the Expiration Time, a sufficient number of Shares were validly tendered and not validly withdrawn such that the minimum tender condition to the Offer was satisfied. As a result of the satisfaction of the foregoing condition and of each other condition to the Offer, Parent and Merger Sub irrevocably accepted for payment, on January 8, 2025, all Shares that were validly tendered and not validly withdrawn pursuant to the Offer. 

Also on January 8, 2025, following consummation of the Offer, Merger Sub merged with and into the Company, with the Company being the surviving corporation (the Merger). The Merger was governed by Section 251(h) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL), with no vote of the stockholders of the Company required to consummate the Merger. Upon completion of the Merger, the Company became a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent. 

At the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time) and pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, each Share (other than (i) Shares held by the Company (or held in the Companys treasury), (ii) Shares held by Parent, Merger Sub or any other subsidiary of Parent, (iii) Shares irrevocably accepted to be acquired in the Offer and (iv) Shares held by stockholders of the Company who properly exercised and perfected their statutory rights of appraisal under the DGCL) was automatically canceled and converted into the right to receive the Offer Consideration, payable to the holder thereof on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement. 

As of immediately prior to and conditioned upon the occurrence of the Effective Time, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, each outstanding restricted stock unit (each, a Company RSU) became fully vested and was cancelled and converted into the right to receive (a) an amount in cash (without interest and subject to deduction for any required withholding tax) equal to the product of (1) the Cash Amount multiplied by (2) the number of Shares subject to such Company RSU and (b) one CVR in respect of each Share subject to such Company RSU. 

As of immediately prior to and conditioned upon the occurrence of the Effective Time, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, each outstanding option to purchase Shares (each, an Option) became fully vested and exercisable, and to the extent not exercised prior to the Effective Time, was cancelled and converted into the right to receive (a) an amount in cash (without interest and subject to deduction for any required withholding tax) equal to the product of (1) the excess, if any, of the Cash Amount over the exercise price per share of each such Option multiplied by (2) the number of Shares underlying such Option immediately prior to the Effective Time and (b) one CVR in respect of each Share underlying such Option (clauses (a) and (b) collectively, the Option Consideration); provided, however, that if the exercise price per Share of any Option was equal to or greater than the Cash Amount, but less than $13.00 (any such option, an Underwater Option), such Underwater Option was not entitled to any payment of the Cash Amount in respect thereof and was cancelled and converted into the right to receive the CVR included in the Option Consideration with respect to each Share underlying such Underwater Option, and therefore became entitled to receive, without interest, at each time a milestone payment becomes due and payable under the terms of the CVR Agreement, an amount in cash equal to the product of (a) the total number of Shares underlying such Underwater Option, multiplied by (b) the amount, if any, by which (1) the Cash Amount plus the amount of such milestone payment per Share plus the amount of any other milestone payments per Share that previously became due and payable under the terms of the CVR Agreement exceeds (2) the exercise price per Share with respect to such Underwater Option plus the Milestone Payment Amounts (as such term is defined in the CVR Agreement), if any, previously paid pursuant to the CVR Agreement in respect of each CVR granted in respect of such Underwater Option. Any Option with an exercise price that was equal to or greater than $13.00, was cancelled immediately prior to the Effective Time without any payment being made in respect thereof. 

The warrants to purchase shares of Company Common Stock (the Company Warrants) were exercised as of immediately prior to the Acceptance Time, contingent upon the occurrence of the Acceptance Time, and the Shares underlying such exercised Company Warrants were treated in the same manner as each Share outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time. 

The foregoing summary of the Offer, the Merger, the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which is filed hereto as Exhibit 2.1 and which is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.01. 

Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing. 

The information contained in the Introductory Note and Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.01. 

In connection with the closing of the Merger, the Company (i) notified The Nasdaq Global Select Market (Nasdaq) that the Merger was consummated and (ii) requested that Nasdaq (A) halt trading of and delist the Shares effective before the opening of trading on January 8, 2025, and (B) file with the SEC a Form 25 Notification of Removal from Listing and/or Registration to delist and deregister the Shares under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). The Company also intends to file with the SEC a Certification and Notice of Termination of Registration on Form 15 under the Exchange Act, requesting the termination of registration of the Shares under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act and the suspension of the Companys reporting obligations under Sections 13 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act as promptly as practicable. 

Item 3.03. 

Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders. 

The information contained in the Introductory Note and Items 2.01, 3.01, 5.01 and 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.03. 

Item 5.01. 

Changes in Control of Registrant. 

The information contained in the Introductory Note and Items 2.01, 5.02 and 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.01. 

As a result of Merger Subs acceptance for payment of all Shares that were validly tendered and not properly withdrawn in accordance with the terms of the Offer, on January 8, 2025, a change of control of the Company occurred. As a result of the consummation of the Merger pursuant to Section 251(h) of the DGCL at the Effective Time, the Company became a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent. Parent is providing Merger Sub with the necessary funds to fund the Offer and Merger from its cash on hand, as previously disclosed in The Offer Section 10 Source and Amount of Funds of the Offer to Purchase, which section is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 5.02. 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

The information contained in the Introductory Note and Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.02. 

In accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, effective as of the Effective Time, (i) the directors of Merger Sub as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, Sean A. Johnston and Roger Brown, became the directors of the Company until the earlier of their resignation or removal or until their respective successors are duly designated, as the case may be, and each of Rafael Amado, Charles Baum, Cynthia Collins, Luke Corning, Mark Gergen, Marcea Lloyd, John Schmid and Kristin Yarema voluntarily resigned as directors of the Company and from all committees of the board of directors of the Company on which such directors served, and (ii) the officers of Merger Sub as of immediately prior to the Effective Time became the officers of the Company. 

Information with respect to the new officers and directors of the Company is set forth in Schedule I to the Offer to Purchase, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit (a)(1)(A) to the Schedule TO filed by Parent and Merger Sub on December 9, 2024. 

On January 7, 2024, the Company entered into a separation agreement with Mark Gergen, pursuant to which Mark Gergen resigned as an officer and separated from employment with the Company effective as of immediately following the Effective Time, and became entitled to severance benefits in accordance with his existing Amended and Restated Participation Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2022, under the Companys Severance and Change in Control Plan, the terms of which were previously disclosed in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on February 1, 2022. 

Item 5.03. 

Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year. 

Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, the Companys certificate of incorporation and bylaws were amended and restated in their entirety in the forms filed as Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits 

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit Description

2.1* Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 25, 2024, by and among Poseida Therapeutics, Inc., Roche Holdings, Inc. and Blue Giant Acquisition, Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Poseida Therapeutics, Inc.s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-39376), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 26, 2024). 

3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Poseida Therapeutics, Inc. 

3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Poseida Therapeutics, Inc. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Date File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

* 

Certain exhibits and schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted exhibit or schedule to the SEC upon request; provided, however, that the Company may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Exchange Act for any schedule so furnished. 

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Poseida Therapeutics, Inc.

Date: January 8, 2025 By: 

/s/ Harry J. Leonhardt, Esq.

Name: Harry J. Leonhardt, Esq.

Title: General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer & Corporate Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d874651dex31.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
EX-3.1

Exhibit 3.1 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 

OF 

POSEIDA THERAPEUTICS,
INC. 

FIRST. The name of the corporation is Poseida Therapeutics, Inc. (the Corporation). 

SECOND. The address of the registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is 1209 Orange Street, City of Wilmington, County of
New Castle, 19801. The name of the registered agent of the Corporation at such address is The Corporation Trust Company. 

THIRD. The
purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL). 

FOURTH. The total number of shares of all classes of capital stock that the Corporation shall have the authority to issue is One Hundred
(100) shares of common stock with a par value of $0.01 per share. 

FIFTH. In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers
conferred by statute, the Board of Directors is expressly authorized to make, alter or repeal the Bylaws of the Corporation, subject to any specific limitation on such power contained in any Bylaws adopted by the stockholders. Elections of directors
need not be by written ballot unless the Bylaws of the Corporation so provide. 

SIXTH. To the fullest extent permitted by law, a director
of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director. If the DGCL or any other law of the State of Delaware is amended after approval by the
stockholders of this Article Sixth to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors, then the liability of a director of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted
by the DGCL as so amended. Any repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of this Article Sixth by the stockholders of the Corporation shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporation existing at the time
of, or increase the liability of any director of the Corporation with respect to any acts or omissions of such director occurring prior to, such repeal or modification. 

SEVENTH. 

A. The
liability of a director of the Corporation for monetary damages shall be eliminated to the fullest extent under applicable law. 

B. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Corporation is authorized to provide indemnification of (and
advancement of expenses to) directors, officers and agents of the Corporation (and any other persons to which applicable law permits the Corporation to provide indemnification) through Bylaw provisions, agreements with such agents or other persons,
vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise in excess of the 

indemnification and advancement otherwise permitted by such applicable law. If applicable
law is amended after approval by the stockholders of this Article Seventh to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors, then the liability of a director to the Corporation shall be eliminated or
limited to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law as so amended. 

C. Any repeal or modification of this Article
Seventh shall only be prospective and shall not affect the rights or protections or increase the liability of any director under this Article Seventh in effect at the time of the alleged occurrence of any act or omission to act giving rise to
liability or indemnification. 

EIGHTH. The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this
Certificate of Incorporation, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by statute, and all rights conferred upon the stockholders herein are granted subject to this reservation.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d874651dex32.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.2
<TEXT>
EX-3.2

Exhibit 3.2 

Amended and Restated Bylaws 

of 

POSEIDA THERAPEUTICS,
INC. 

a Delaware corporation 

ARTICLE I 

Offices

Section 1.1. The registered office of Poseida Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
Corporation), shall be in the County of New Castle, State of Delaware. 

Section 1.2.
The Corporation may also have offices at such other places both within and without the State of Delaware as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine or the business of the Corporation may require. 

ARTICLE II 

Stockholders Meetings 

Section 2.1. Annual Meetings. An annual meeting of stockholders shall be held for the election of directors
and the transaction of such other business as may properly be brought before the meeting in accordance with these Bylaws at such date, time and place, if any, as may be fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors of the Corporation from time to
time. The Board of Directors may, in its sole discretion, determine that the meeting shall not be held at any place, but shall be held solely by means of remote communication, subject to such guidelines and procedures as the Board of Directors may
adopt, as permitted by applicable law. 

Section 2.2. Special Meetings. Special meetings of stockholders
for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time only by the Chairman of the Board, if any, or pursuant to a resolution approved by a majority of the whole Board of Directors or by a committee of the Board of Directors authorized to call such
meetings and by no other person. The Board of Directors may, in its sole discretion, determine that the special meeting shall not be held at any place, but shall be held solely by means of remote communication, subject to such guidelines and
procedures as the Board of Directors may adopt, as permitted by applicable law. The business transacted at a special meeting of stockholders shall be limited solely to matters relating to the purpose or purposes stated in the Corporations
notice of meeting. 

Section 2.3. Notice of Meetings. A written notice of each annual or special meeting
of stockholders shall be given stating the place, if any, date and time of the meeting, the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxyholders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting and, in the
case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. Unless otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, such notice of meeting shall be given not less than ten nor more than 60 days
before the date of the meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting, personally, by mail or, to the extent and in the manner permitted by applicable law, by electronic facsimile or internet transmission; provided, however,
a stockholder may direct the Corporation, in a writing delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation, to not send any notices of meeting by electronic or other transmission, and agrees that if such stockholder provides the Corporation with an
internet address at which the stockholder can receive electronic communications the Corporation may send all such 

Amended and Restated
Bylaws of Poseida Therapeutics, Inc. 

notices to such internet address unless the Stockholder advises the Corporation in writing of a change in address or that such stockholder no longer is willing to accept delivery of notices of
meetings through electronic transmission. If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at such stockholders address as it appears on the records of the Corporation.

Section 2.4. Adjournments. Any annual or special meeting of stockholders may be adjourned from time to
time to reconvene at the same or some other place, if any, and notice need not be given of any such adjourned meeting if the date, time and place, if any, thereof and the means of remote communication, if any, by which stockholders and proxyholders
may be deemed present in person and vote at such adjourned meeting are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the original meeting. If
the adjournment is for more than 30 days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting in
accordance with Section 2.3. 

Section 2.5. Quorum. Except as otherwise provided by law, the
Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the presence in person or by proxy of the holders of stock having a majority of the votes which could be cast by the holders of all outstanding stock entitled to vote at the meeting shall constitute a
quorum at each meeting of stockholders. In the absence of a quorum, the stockholders so present may, by the affirmative vote of the holders of stock having a majority of the votes which could be cast by all such holders, adjourn the meeting from
time to time in the manner provided in Section 2.4 of these Bylaws until a quorum is present. If a quorum is present when a meeting is convened, the subsequent withdrawal of stockholders, even though less than a quorum remains, shall not affect
the ability of the remaining stockholders lawfully to transact business. 

Section 2.6. Conduct; Remote
Communication. 

(a) Meetings of stockholders shall be presided over by the Chairman of the Board, if any, or if there
is none or in his or her absence, by the President, or in his or her absence, by a chairman designated by the Board of Directors, or in the absence of such designation by a chairman chosen at the meeting. The Secretary shall act as secretary of the
meeting, but in his or her absence the chairman of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. 

(b) If authorized by the Board of Directors in accordance with these Bylaws and applicable law, stockholders and proxyholders
not physically present at a meeting of stockholders may, by means of remote communication, (1) participate in a meeting of stockholders and (2) be deemed present in person and vote at a meeting of stockholders, whether such meeting is to
be held at a designated place or solely by means of remote communication, provided that (i) the Corporation shall implement reasonable measures to verify that each person deemed present and permitted to vote at the meeting by means of remote
communication is a stockholder or proxyholder, (ii) the Corporation shall implement reasonable measures to provide such stockholders and proxyholders a reasonable opportunity to participate in the meeting and to vote on matters submitted to the
stockholders, including an opportunity to read or hear the proceedings of the meeting substantially concurrently with such proceedings, and (iii) if any stockholder or proxyholder votes or takes other action at the meeting by means of remote
communication, a record of such vote or other action shall be maintained by the Corporation. 

Page 2 of 16 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Poseida Therapeutics, Inc.

Section 2.7. Voting. 

(a) Except as otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation, each stockholder entitled to vote at any meeting of
stockholders shall be entitled to one vote for each share of stock held by such stockholder which has voting power on the matter in question. 

(b) Voting at meetings of stockholders need not be by written ballot and need not be conducted by inspectors of election unless
so determined by the holders of stock having a majority of the votes which could be cast by the holders of all outstanding stock entitled to vote which are present in person or by proxy at such meeting. Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate
of Incorporation, directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast in the election of directors. Each other question shall, unless otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, be decided by the vote of the
holders of stock having a majority of the votes which could be cast by the holders of all stock entitled to vote on such question which are present in person or by proxy at the meeting. 

(c) Stock of the Corporation standing in the name of another corporation and entitled to vote may be voted by such officer,
agent or proxy as the Bylaws or other internal regulations of such other corporation may prescribe or, in the absence of such provision, as the board of directors or comparable body of such other corporation may determine. 

(d) Stock of the Corporation standing in the name of a deceased person, a minor, an incompetent or a debtor in a case under
Title 11, United States Code, and entitled to vote may be voted by an administrator, executor, guardian, conservator, debtor-in-possession or trustee, as the case may
be, either in person or by proxy, without transfer of such shares into the name of the official or other person so voting. 

(e) A stockholder whose voting stock of the Corporation is pledged shall be entitled to vote such stock unless on the transfer
records of the Corporation the pledgor has expressly empowered the pledgee to vote such shares, in which case only the pledgee, or such pledgees proxy, may represent such shares and vote thereon. 

(f) If voting stock is held of record in the names of two or more persons, whether fiduciaries, members of a partnership, joint
tenants, tenants in common, tenants by the entirety or otherwise, or if two or more persons have the same fiduciary relationship respecting the same shares, unless the Secretary is given written notice to the contrary and is furnished with a copy of
the instrument or order appointing them or creating the relationship wherein it is so provided, their acts with respect to voting shall have the following effect: (i) if only one votes, such act binds all; (ii) if more than one vote, the
act of the majority so voting binds all; and (iii) if more than one votes, but the vote is evenly split on any particular matter each faction may vote such stock proportionally, or any person voting the shares, or a beneficiary, if any, may apply to
the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or such other court as may have jurisdiction to appoint an additional person to act with the persons so voting the stock, which shall then be voted as determined by a majority of such persons and the
person appointed by such court. If the instrument so filed shows that any such tenancy is held in unequal interests, a majority or even split for the purpose of this subsection shall be a majority or even split in interest. 

Page 3 of 16 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Poseida Therapeutics, Inc.

(g) Stock of the Corporation belonging to the Corporation, or to another
corporation a majority of the shares entitled to vote in the election of directors of which are held by the 

Corporation,
shall not be voted at any meeting of stockholders and shall not be counted in the total number of outstanding shares for the purpose of determining whether a quorum is present. Nothing in this Section 2.7 shall limit the right of the
Corporation to vote shares of stock of the Corporation held by it in a fiduciary capacity. 

Section 2.8.
Proxies. 

(a) Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders may authorize another person or
persons to act for such stockholder by proxy filed with the Secretary before or at the time of the meeting. No such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. A duly executed
proxy shall be irrevocable if it states that it is irrevocable and if, and only as long as, it is coupled with an interest sufficient in law to support an irrevocable power. A stockholder may revoke any proxy which is not irrevocable by attending
the meeting and voting in person or by filing with the Secretary an instrument in writing revoking the proxy or another duly executed proxy bearing a later date. 

(b) A stockholder may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder as proxy (i) by executing a writing
authorizing such person or persons to act as such, which execution may be accomplished by such stockholder or such stockholders authorized officer, director, partner, employee or agent (or, if the stock is held in a trust or estate, by a
trustee, executor or administrator thereof) signing such writing or causing his or her signature to be affixed to such writing by any reasonable means, including, but not limited to, facsimile signature, or (ii) by transmitting or authorizing
the transmission of a telegram, cablegram or other means of electronic transmission (a Transmission) to the person who will be the holder of the proxy or to a proxy solicitation firm, proxy support service organization or like agent duly
authorized by the person who will be the holder of the proxy to receive such Transmission; provided that any such Transmission must either set forth or be submitted with information from which it can be determined that such Transmission was
authorized by such stockholder. 

(c) Any inspector or inspectors appointed shall examine Transmissions to determine if they
are valid. If no inspector or inspectors are so appointed, the Secretary or such other person or persons as shall be appointed from time to time by the Board of Directors shall examine Transmissions to determine if they are valid. If it is
determined that a Transmission is valid, the person or persons making that determination shall specify the information upon which such person or persons relied. Any copy, facsimile telecommunication or other reliable reproduction of such a writing
or Transmission may be substituted or used in lieu of the original writing or Transmission for any and all purposes for which the original writing or Transmission could be used; provided that such copy, facsimile telecommunication or other
reproduction shall be a complete reproduction of the entire original writing or Transmission. 

Section 2.9.
Fixing Date of Determination of Stockholders of Record. 

(a) In order that the Corporation may determine the
stockholders entitled (i) to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, (ii) to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, (iii) to exercise any rights in
respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, (iv) to express consent to 

Page 4 of 16 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Poseida Therapeutics, Inc.

corporate action in writing without a meeting, or (v) to take, receive or participate in any other action, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which shall not be earlier than the
date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors and which (1) in the case of a determination of stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or adjournment thereof,
shall, unless otherwise required by law, be not more than 60 nor less than ten days before the date of such meeting; (2) in the case of a determination of stockholders entitled to express consent to corporate action in writing without a
meeting, shall be not more than ten days after the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors; and (3) in the case of any other action, shall be not more than 60 days before such action. 

(b) If no record date is fixed, (i) the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a
meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held; (ii) the
record date for determining stockholders entitled to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting when no prior action of the Board of Directors is required by law, shall be the first date on which a signed written consent
setting forth the action taken or proposed to be taken is delivered to the Corporation in accordance with applicable law, or, if prior action by the Board of Directors is required by law, shall be at the close of business on the day on which the
Board of Directors adopts the resolution taking such prior action; and (iii) the record date for determining stockholders for any other purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution
relating thereto. 

(c) A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of
stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting, but the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. 

Section 2.10. List of Stockholders Entitled to Vote. The Secretary shall prepare, at least ten days before
every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open
to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting for a period of at least ten days prior to the meeting: (i) on a reasonably accessible electronic network, provided that the information required to gain access to
such list is provided with the notice of the meeting, or (ii) during ordinary business hours, at the principal place of business of the Corporation. In the event that the Corporation determines to make the list available on an electronic
network, the Corporation may take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is available only to stockholders of the Corporation. If the meeting is to be held at a place, the list shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the
meeting during the whole time thereof and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present. If the meeting is to be held solely by means of remote communication, the list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder during the whole time
thereof on a reasonably accessible electronic network, and the information required to access such list shall be provided with the notice of the meeting. The stock ledger shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine
the stock ledger, the list of stockholders or the books of the Corporation, or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders. 

Page 5 of 16 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Poseida Therapeutics, Inc.

Section 2.11. Action By Consent of Stockholders. 

(a) Unless the power of stockholders to act by consent without a meeting is restricted or eliminated by the Certificate of
Incorporation, any action required or permitted to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, is
signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote on such action were present and voted. 

(b) Every written consent shall bear the date of signature of each stockholder (or his, her or its proxy) signing such consent.
Prompt notice of the taking of corporate action without a meeting of stockholders by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing and who, if action had been taken at a meeting, would
have been entitled to notice of the meeting if the record date for such meeting had been the date that written consents signed by a sufficient number of persons to authorize or take the action were delivered to the Corporation in the manner required
by this Section 2.11. All such written consents shall be delivered to the Corporation at its registered office in the State of Delaware, at its principal place of business or to the Secretary. Delivery made to the Corporations registered
office shall be made by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. 

(c) A telegram, cablegram or
other electronic transmission consenting to an action to be taken and transmitted by a stockholder or proxyholder, or by a person or persons authorized to act for a stockholder or proxyholder, shall be deemed to be written, signed and dated for the
purposes of these Bylaws, provided that any such telegram, cablegram or other electronic transmission sets forth or is delivered with information from which the Corporation can determine (A) that the telegram, cablegram or other electronic
transmission was transmitted by the stockholder or proxyholder or by a person or persons authorized to act for the stockholder or proxyholder and (B) the date on which such stockholder or proxyholder or authorized person or persons transmitted
such telegram, cablegram or electronic transmission. Any consent by means of telegram, cablegram or electronic transmission shall be deemed to have been signed on the date on which it was transmitted. No consent given by telegram, cablegram or other
electronic transmission shall be deemed to have been delivered until such consent is reproduced in paper form and until such paper form shall be delivered to the Corporation by delivery to its registered office in the State of Delaware, at its
principal place of business or to the Secretary. Delivery made to the Corporations registered office shall be made by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. Notwithstanding the foregoing limitations on delivery,
consents given by telegram, cablegram or other electronic transmission may be otherwise delivered to the principal place of business of the Corporation or to the Secretary if, to the extent and in the manner provided by resolution of the Board of
Directors of the Corporation. 

(d) No written consent shall be effective to authorize or take the corporate action referred
to therein unless, within 60 days of the earliest dated written consent delivered to the Corporation in the manner required by this Section 2.11, written consents signed by a sufficient number of persons to authorize or take such action are
delivered to the Corporation at its registered office in the State of Delaware, at its principal place of business or to the Secretary. All such written consents shall be filed with the minutes of proceedings of the stockholders, and actions
authorized or taken under such written consents shall have the same force and effect as those authorized or taken pursuant to a vote of the stockholders at an annual or special meeting. 

Page 6 of 16 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Poseida Therapeutics, Inc.

ARTICLE III 

Board of Directors 

Section 3.1. Number. The initial Board of Directors shall consist of two directors. Thereafter, the number of
directors may be amended from time to time by resolution adopted by affirmative vote of a majority of the whole Board of Directors; provided that no such amendment may shorten the term of any incumbent director. 

Section 3.2. Election; Resignation; Vacancies. 

(a) Unless the Certificate of Incorporation or an amendment to these Bylaws adopted by the stockholders provides for a Board of
Directors divided into two or three classes, at each annual meeting of stockholders the stockholders shall elect directors each of whom shall hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and the election and qualification of his or her
successor, or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. If the Board of Directors is divided into classes, at each annual meeting at which the term of office of a class of directors expires, the stockholders shall elect directors of
such class each to hold office until the annual meeting at which the terms of office of such class of directors expire and the election and qualification of his or her successor, or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. 

(b) Any director may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Chairman of the Board, if any, the President or the
Secretary. Unless otherwise stated in a notice of resignation, it shall take effect when received by the officer to whom it is directed, without any need for its acceptance. 

(c) Any newly created directorship or any vacancy occurring in the Board of Directors for any reason may be filled by a
majority of the remaining directors (excluding any director elected by any class or series of preferred stock), although less than a quorum, or by a plurality of the votes cast in the election of directors at a meeting of stockholders. Each director
elected to replace a former director shall hold office until the expiration of the term of office of the director whom he or she has replaced and the election and qualification of his or her successor, or until his or her earlier death, resignation
or removal. A director elected to fill a newly created directorship shall serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and the election and qualification of his or her successor, or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. 

Section 3.3. Regular Meetings. Unless otherwise determined by the Board of Directors, a regular annual
meeting of the Board of Directors shall be held, without call or notice, immediately after and, if the annual meeting of stockholders is held at a place, at the same place as the annual meeting of stockholders, for the purpose of organizing the
Board of Directors, electing officers and transacting any other business that may properly come before such meeting. If the stockholders shall elect the directors by written consent of stockholders as permitted by Section 2.11 of these Bylaws,
a special meeting of the Board of Directors shall be called as soon as practicable after such election for the purposes described in the preceding sentence. Additional regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without call or notice at
such times as shall be fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors. 

Page 7 of 16 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Poseida Therapeutics, Inc.

Section 3.4. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the
Board of Directors may be called by the Chairman of the Board, if any, the President, the Secretary or by any member of the Board of Directors. Notice of an in-person special meeting of the Board of Directors
shall be given by the person or persons calling the meeting at least twenty-four hours before the special meeting. Notice of a special telephonic meeting of the Board of Directors shall be given by the person or persons calling the meeting at least
two hours before the special meeting. The purpose or purposes of a special meeting need not be stated in the call or notice. 

Section 3.5. Organization. Meetings of the Board of Directors shall be presided over by the Chairman of the
Board, if any, or if there is none or in his or her absence, by the President, or in his or her absence, by a chairman chosen at the meeting. The Secretary shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in his or her absence the chairman of the meeting
may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. A majority of the directors present at a meeting, whether or not they constitute a quorum, may adjourn such meeting to any other date, time or place without notice other than announcement at
the meeting. 

Section 3.6. Quorum; Vote Required for Action. At all meetings of the Board of Directors a
majority of the whole Board of Directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. Unless the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws otherwise provide, the vote of a majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a
quorum is present shall be the act of the Board of Directors. 

Section 3.7. Committees. The Board of
Directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole Board of Directors, designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more directors of the Corporation. The Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as
alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of the committee, the member or members present at any meeting and not disqualified
from voting, whether or not a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent permitted by law and provided in these
Bylaws or in the resolution of the Board of Directors designating such committee, or an amendment to such resolution, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of
the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it. 

Section 3.8. Telephonic Meetings. Directors, or any committee of directors designated by the Board of
Directors, may participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors or such committee by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and participation
in a meeting pursuant to this Section 3.8 shall constitute presence in person at such meeting. 

Section 3.9.
Informal Action by Directors. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors, or of any committee thereof, may be
taken without a meeting if all members of the Board of Directors or such committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing (which may be in counterparts) or by electronic transmission, and the written consent or consents or electronic
transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors or such committee. Such filing shall be made in paper form if the minutes of the Corporation are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic
form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form. 

Page 8 of 16 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Poseida Therapeutics, Inc.

Section 3.10. Committee Rules. Unless the Board of
Directors otherwise provides, each committee designated by the Board of Directors may make, alter and repeal rules for the conduct of its business. In the absence of such rules each committee shall conduct its business in the same manner as the
Board of Directors conducts its business pursuant to this Article III of these Bylaws. 

Section 3.11.
Reliance upon Records. Every director, and every member of any committee of the Board of Directors, shall, in the performance of his or her duties, be fully protected in relying in good faith upon the records of the Corporation and upon
such information, opinions, reports or statements presented to the Corporation by any of its officers or employees, or committees of the Board of Directors, or by any other person as to matters the director or member reasonably believes are within
such other persons professional or expert competence and who has been selected with reasonable care by or on behalf of the Corporation, including, but not limited to, such records, information, opinions, reports or statements as to the value
and amount of the assets, liabilities and/or net profits of the Corporation, or any other facts pertinent to the existence and amount of surplus or other funds from which dividends might properly be declared and paid, or with which the
Corporations capital stock might properly be purchased or redeemed. 

Section 3.12. Interested
Directors. A director who is directly or indirectly a party to a contract or transaction with the Corporation, or is a director or officer of or has a financial interest in any other corporation, partnership, association or other organization
which is a party to a contract or transaction with the Corporation, may be counted in determining whether a quorum is present at any meeting of the Board of Directors or a committee thereof at which such contract or transaction is considered or
authorized, and such director may participate in such meeting and vote on such authorization to the extent permitted by applicable law, including Section 144 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 

Section 3.13. Compensation. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation, the Board of
Directors shall have the authority to fix the compensation of directors. The directors shall be paid their reasonable expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors or a committee thereof and may be paid a fixed sum for
attendance at each such meeting and an annual retainer or salary for services as a director or committee member. No such payment shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. 

ARTICLE IV 

Officers

Section 4.1. Executive Officers; Election; Qualification; Term of Office. The Board of Directors shall
elect a President and may, if it so determines, elect a Chairman of the Board from among its members. The Board of Directors shall also elect a Secretary and may elect one or more Vice Presidents, one or more Assistant Secretaries, a Chief Financial
Officer and one or more Assistant Treasurers. Any number of offices may be held by the same person. Each officer shall hold office until the first meeting of the Board of Directors after the annual meeting of stockholders next succeeding his or her
election, and until his or her successor is elected and qualified or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. 

Section 4.2. Resignation; Removal; Vacancies. Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to
the Chairman of the Board, if any, the President or the Secretary. Unless otherwise stated in a notice of resignation, it shall take effect when received by the officer to whom it is directed, without any need for its acceptance. The Board of
Directors may remove any officer with or without cause at any time, but such removal shall be without prejudice to the contractual rights of such officer, if any, with the Corporation. A vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation may be
filled for the unexpired portion of the term thereof by the Board of Directors at any regular or special meeting. 

Page 9 of 16 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Poseida Therapeutics, Inc.

Section 4.3. Powers and Duties of Executive Officers. The
officers of the Corporation shall have such powers and duties in the management of the Corporation as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors and, to the extent not so provided, as generally pertain to their respective offices, subject to the
control of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may require any officer, agent or employee to give security for the faithful performance of his or her duties. 

Section 4.4. President. The President of the Corporation shall be the chief executive officer of the
Corporation and shall in general supervise and control all of the business affairs of the Corporation, subject to the direction of the Board of Directors. The President may execute, in the name and on behalf of the Corporation, any deeds, mortgages,
bonds, contracts or other instruments which the Board of Directors or a committee thereof has authorized to be executed, except in cases where the execution shall have been expressly delegated by the Board of Directors or a committee thereof to some
other officer or agent of the Corporation. 

Section 4.5. Secretary. In addition to such other duties, if
any, as may be assigned to the Secretary by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board, if any, or the President, the Secretary shall (i) keep the minutes of proceedings of the stockholders, the Board of Directors and any committee of
the Board of Directors in one or more books provided for that purpose; (ii) see that all notices are duly given in accordance with the provisions of these Bylaws or as required by law; (iii) be the custodian of the records and seal of the
Corporation; (iv) affix or cause to be affixed the seal of the Corporation or a facsimile thereof, and attest the seal by his or her signature, to all certificates for shares of stock of the Corporation and to all other documents the execution
of which under seal is authorized by the Board of Directors; and (v) unless such duties have been delegated by the Board of Directors to a transfer agent of the Corporation, keep or cause to be kept a register of the name and address of each
stockholder, as the same shall be furnished to the Secretary by such stockholder, and have general charge of the stock transfer records of the Corporation. 

Section 4.6. Chief Financial Officer. The Chief Financial Officer shall perform the duties designated by the
President and shall keep and maintain, or cause to be kept and maintained, adequate and correct accounts of the properties and business transactions of the Corporation, including accounts of its assets, liabilities, receipts, disbursements, gains,
losses, capital, surplus and shares. The Chief Financial Officer shall render to the Board of Directors, whenever requested, an account of the financial condition of the Corporation. 

ARTICLE V 

Stock
Certificates and Transfers 

Section 5.1. Certificate. Stock of the Corporation may be certificated and
every holder of stock shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by or in the name of the Corporation by the Chairman of the Board, if any, or the President or a Vice President, and by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, of the Corporation,
certifying the number of shares owned by such stockholder in the Corporation. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be facsimile, stamp or other imprint. In case any officer, transfer agent, or registrar who has signed or whose
facsimile, stamp or other imprint signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if such
officer, transfer agent, or registrar continued to be such at the date of issue. 

Page 10 of 16 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Poseida Therapeutics, Inc.

Section 5.2. Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates; Issuance
of New Certificates. The Corporation may issue a new certificate for stock in the place of any certificate theretofore issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, and the Corporation may require the owner of the lost, stolen or
destroyed certificate, or such stockholders legal representative, to give the Corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify it against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of any such
certificate or the issuance of such new certificate. 

Section 5.3. Transfers of Stock. Upon surrender to
the Corporation or the transfer agent of the Corporation of a certificate for stock of the Corporation (if such stock is certificated) duly endorsed or accompanied by proper evidence of succession, assignment or authority to transfer or, if the
relevant stock certificate is claimed to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon compliance with the provisions of Section 5.2 of these Bylaws, or, if such stock is not certificated, upon delivery of a duly executed and endorsed stock
transfer power, and upon payment of applicable taxes with respect to such transfer, and in compliance with any restrictions on transfer applicable to such stock certificate or the shares represented thereby of which the Corporation shall have notice
and subject to such rules and regulations as the Board of Directors may from time to time deem advisable concerning the transfer and registration of stock certificates, the Corporation may issue a new certificate or certificates for such stock to
the person entitled thereto, cancel the old certificate and, in each case, record the transaction upon its books. Transfers of stock shall be made only on the books of the Corporation by the registered holder thereof or by such holders
attorney or successor duly authorized as evidenced by documents filed with the Secretary or transfer agent of the Corporation. Whenever any transfer of stock shall be made for collateral security, and not absolutely, it shall be so expressed in the
entry of transfer if, when the certificate or certificates representing such stock are presented to the Corporation for transfer, both the transferor and transferee request the Corporation to do so. 

Section 5.4. Stockholders of Record. The Corporation shall be entitled to treat the holder of record of any
stock of the Corporation as the holder thereof and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such stock on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as
otherwise required by the laws of the State of Delaware. 

ARTICLE VI 

Notices 

Section 6.1. Manner of Notice. 

(a) Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, whenever notice is required to be
given to any stockholder, director or member of any committee of the Board of Directors, such notice may be given by (i) personal delivery, (ii) depositing it, in a sealed envelope, in the United States mails, first class, postage prepaid,
addressed, (iii) delivering to a company for overnight or second day mail or delivery, (iv) delivering it to a telegraph company, charges prepaid, for transmission, or by transmitting it via telecopier, or (v) any other reliable means
permitted by applicable law (including, subject to Section 6.1(b), electronic transmission) to such stockholder, director or member, either at the address of such stockholder, director or member as it appears on the records of the 

Page 11 of 16 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Poseida Therapeutics, Inc.

Corporation or, in the case of such a director or member, at his or her business address; and such notice shall be deemed to be given at the time when it is thus personally delivered, deposited,
delivered or transmitted, as the case may be. Such requirement for notice shall also be deemed satisfied, except in the case of stockholder meetings, if actual notice is received orally or by other writing by the person entitled thereto as far in
advance of the event with respect to which notice is being given as the minimum notice period required by law or these Bylaws. 

(b) Without limiting the foregoing, any notice to stockholders given by the Corporation pursuant to these Bylaws shall be
effective if given by a form of electronic transmission consented to by the stockholder to whom the notice is given. Any such consent shall be revocable by the stockholder by written notice to the Corporation and shall also be deemed revoked if
(1) the Corporation is unable to deliver by electronic transmission two consecutive notices given by the Corporation in accordance with such consent and (2) such inability becomes known to the Secretary of the Corporation, the transfer
agent or other person responsible for the giving of notice; provided, however, that the inadvertent failure to treat such inability as a revocation shall not invalidate any meeting or other action. Notice given by a form of electronic transmission
in accordance with these Bylaws shall be deemed given: (i) if by facsimile telecommunication, when directed to a number at which the stockholder has consented to receive notice; (ii) if by electronic mail, when directed to an electronic mail
address at which the stockholder has consented to receive notice; (iii) if by a posting on an electronic network, together with separate notice to the stockholder of such specific posting, upon the later of such posting and the giving of such
separate notice; and (iv) if by another form of electronic transmission, when directed to the stockholder. 

Section 6.2. Dispensation with Notice. 

(a) Whenever notice is required to be given by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws to any stockholder to whom
(i) notice of two consecutive annual meetings of stockholders, and all notices of meetings of stockholders or of the taking of action by stockholders by written consent without a meeting to such stockholder during the period between such two
consecutive annual meetings, or (ii) all, and at least two, payments (if sent by first class mail) of dividends or interest on securities of the Corporation during a 12-month period, have been mailed
addressed to such stockholder at the address of such stockholder as shown on the records of the Corporation and have been returned undeliverable, the giving of such notice to such stockholder shall not be required. Any action or meeting which shall
be taken or held without notice to such stockholder shall have the same force and effect as if such notice had been duly given. If any such stockholder shall deliver to the Corporation a written notice setting forth the then current address of such
stockholder, the requirement that notice be given to such stockholder shall be reinstated. 

(b) Whenever notice is required
to be given by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws to any person with whom communication is unlawful, the giving of such notice to such person shall not be required, and there shall be no duty to apply to any governmental authority
or agency for a license or permit to give such notice to such person. Any action or meeting which shall be taken or held without notice to any such person with whom communication is unlawful shall have the same force and effect as if such notice had
been duly given. 

Page 12 of 16 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Poseida Therapeutics, Inc.

Section 6.3. Waiver of Notice. Any written waiver of
notice, signed by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person
attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any
regular or special meeting of the stockholders, directors, or members of a committee or directors need be specified in any written waiver of notice. 

ARTICLE VII 

Indemnification 

Section 7.1. Indemnification of Directors, Officers, Employees and Other Agents. 

(a) The Corporation shall indemnify its directors and officers to the extent not prohibited by the Delaware General Corporation
Law (the DGCL) or any other applicable law; provided, however, that the Corporation may modify the extent of such indemnification by individual contracts with its directors and officers; and, provided, further, that the
Corporation shall not be required to indemnify any director or officer in connection with any proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person unless (i) such indemnification is expressly required to be made by law, (ii) the
proceeding was authorized by the Board of Directors of the Corporation, (iii) such indemnification is provided by the Corporation, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Corporation under the DGCL or any other applicable
law or (iv) such indemnification is required to be made under Section 7.3. 

(b) The Corporation shall have power
to indemnify its employees and other agents as set forth in the DGCL or any other applicable law. The Board of Directors shall have the power to delegate the determination of whether indemnification shall be given to any such person (except for
officers) or other persons as the Board of Directors shall determine. 

Section 7.2. Expenses. The
Corporation shall advance to any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact
that he is or was a director or officer, of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director or officer of another Corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, prior to the final
disposition of the proceeding, promptly following request therefor, all expenses incurred by any director or officer in connection with such proceeding provided, however, that if the DGCL requires, an advancement of expenses incurred by a director
or officer in his or her capacity as a director or officer (and not in any other capacity in which service was or is rendered by such indemnitee, including, without limitation, service to an employee benefit plan) shall be made only upon delivery to
the Corporation of an undertaking (hereinafter an undertaking), by or on behalf of such indemnitee, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which there is no
further right to appeal (hereinafter a final adjudication) that such indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified for such expenses under this Article VII or otherwise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless otherwise
determined pursuant to Section 7.4 of this Article VII, no advance shall be made by the Corporation to an officer of the Corporation (except by reason of the fact that such officer is or was a director of the Corporation in which event this
paragraph shall not apply) in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, if a determination is reasonably and promptly made (i) by a majority vote of directors who were not parties to the
proceeding, even if not a quorum, or (ii) by a committee of such directors designated by a majority vote of such directors, even though less than a quorum, or (iii) if there are no such directors, or such directors so direct, by
independent legal counsel in a written opinion, that the facts known to the decision-making party at the time such determination is made demonstrate clearly and convincingly that such person acted in bad faith or in a manner that such person did not
believe to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation. 

Page 13 of 16 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Poseida Therapeutics, Inc.

Section 7.3. Enforcement. Without the necessity of entering
into an express contract, all rights to indemnification and advances to directors and officers under this Article VII shall be deemed to be contractual rights and be effective to the same extent and as if provided for in a contract between the
Corporation and the director or officer. Any right to indemnification or advances granted by this Article VII to a director or officer shall be enforceable by or on behalf of the person holding such right in any court of competent jurisdiction if
(i) the claim for indemnification or advances is denied, in whole or in part, or (ii) no disposition of such claim is made within 90 days of request therefor. To the extent permitted by law, the claimant in such enforcement action, if
successful in whole or in part, shall be entitled to be paid also the expense of prosecuting the claim. In connection with any claim for indemnification, the Corporation shall be entitled to raise as a defense to any such action that the claimant
has not met the standards of conduct that make it permissible under the DGCL or any other applicable law for the Corporation to indemnify the claimant for the amount claimed. In connection with any claim by an officer of the Corporation (except in
any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that such officer is or was a director of the Corporation) for advances, the Corporation shall be entitled to raise a defense as to any
such action clear and convincing evidence that such person acted in bad faith or in a manner that such person did not believe to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, or with respect to any criminal action or proceeding that
such person acted without reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was lawful. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including its Board of Directors, independent legal counsel or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the
commencement of such action that indemnification of the claimant is proper in the circumstances because the director or officer has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the DGCL or any other applicable law, nor an actual determination
by the Corporation (including its Board of Directors, independent legal counsel or its stockholders) that the claimant has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that claimant has not
met the applicable standard of conduct. In any suit brought by a director or officer to enforce a right to indemnification or to an advancement of expenses hereunder, the burden of proving that the director or officer is not entitled to be
indemnified, or to such advancement of expenses, under this Article VII or otherwise shall be on the Corporation. 

Section 7.4. Non-Exclusivity of Rights. The rights conferred on any
person by this Article VII shall not be exclusive of any other right which such person may have or hereafter acquire under any applicable statute, provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws, agreement, vote of stockholders or
disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in such persons official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding office. The Corporation is specifically authorized to enter into individual contracts with any or all
of its directors, officers, employees or agents respecting indemnification and advances, to the fullest extent not prohibited by the DGCL, or by any other applicable law. 

Section 7.5. Survival of Rights. The rights conferred on any person by this Article VII shall continue as to
a person who has ceased to be a director or officer, or, if applicable, employee or other agent, and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. 

Page 14 of 16 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Poseida Therapeutics, Inc.

Section 7.6. Insurance. To the fullest extent permitted by
the DGCL or any other applicable law, the Corporation, upon approval by the Board of Directors, may purchase insurance on behalf of any person required or permitted to be indemnified pursuant to this Article VII. 

Section 7.7. Amendments. Any repeal or modification of this Article VII shall only be prospective and shall
not affect the rights under this Article VII in effect at the time of the alleged occurrence of any action or omission to act that is the cause of any proceeding against any agent of the Corporation. 

Section 7.8. Saving Clause. If this Article VII or any portion hereof shall be invalidated on any ground by
any court of competent jurisdiction, then the Corporation shall nevertheless indemnify each director and officer to the full extent not prohibited by any applicable portion of this Article VII that shall not have been invalidated, or by any other
applicable law. If this Article VII shall be invalid due to the application of the indemnification provisions of another jurisdiction, then the Corporation shall indemnify each director and officer to the full extent under any other applicable law.

Section 7.9. Certain Definitions. For the purposes of this Article VII, the following definitions shall
apply. 

(a) The term proceeding shall be broadly construed and shall include, without limitation,
the investigation, preparation, prosecution, defense, settlement, arbitration and appeal of, and the giving of testimony in, any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative.

(b) The term expenses shall be broadly construed and shall include, without limitation, court
costs, attorneys fees, witness fees, fines, amounts paid in settlement or judgment and any other costs and expenses of any nature or kind incurred in connection with any proceeding. 

(c) For purposes of this Article VII, the term the Corporation shall include, in addition to the
resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors,
officers, and employees or agents, so that any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent
of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this Article VII with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as he would have with respect to such
constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued. 

(d) References to a director,
officer, employee, or agent of the Corporation shall include, without limitation, situations where such person is serving at the request of the Corporation as,
respectively, a director, officer, employee, trustee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise. 

(e) References to other enterprises shall include employee benefit plans; references to
fines shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; and references to serving at the request of the Corporation shall include any service as a
director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants, or beneficiaries; and a person who acted
in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the
Corporation as referred to in this Article VII. 

Page 15 of 16 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Poseida Therapeutics, Inc.

ARTICLE VIII 

General 

Section 8.1. Fiscal year. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be determined by resolution of the Board
of Directors. 

Section 8.2. Seal. The corporate seal, if any, shall have the name of the Corporation
inscribed thereon and shall be in such form as may be approved from time to time by the Board of Directors. 

Section 8.3. Form of Records. Any records maintained by the Corporation in the regular course of its
business, including its stock ledger, books of account, and minute books, may be kept on, or be in the form of, punch cards, magnetic tape, photographs, microphotographs, electronic format or any other information storage device, provided that the
records so kept can be converted into clearly legible form within a reasonable time. The Corporation shall so convert any records so kept upon the request of any person entitled to inspect the same. 

Section 8.4. Definitions. For purposes of these Bylaws, electronic transmission means any form of
communication, not directly involving the physical transmission of paper, that creates a record that may be retained, retrieved and reviewed by a recipient thereof, and that may be directly reproduced in paper form by such a recipient through an
automated process. 

Section 8.5. Amendment of Bylaws. These Bylaws may be altered or repealed, and new
Bylaws made, by the majority vote of the whole Board of Directors, provided, however, a Bylaw adopted by the holders of stock having a majority of the votes entitled to vote thereon that prescribes the required vote for the election of directors may
not be altered by the Board of Directors. The holders of stock having a majority of the votes entitled to vote thereon may make additional Bylaws and may alter and repeal any Bylaws whether adopted by them or otherwise. 

* * * 

Page 16 of 16 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Poseida Therapeutics, Inc.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>pstx-20250108.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>pstx-20250108_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Ex Transition Period 
Entity Ex Transition Period
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>pstx-20250108_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 08, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001661460

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 08, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Poseida Therapeutics, Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-39376

Entity Tax Identification Number 47-2846548

Entity Address, Address Line One 9390 Towne Centre Drive

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 200

Entity Address, City or Town San Diego

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 92121

City Area Code (858)

Local Phone Number 779-3100

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol PSTX

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity Ex Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
25 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://poseida.com//20250108/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d874651d8k.htm 
pstx-20250108.xsd 
pstx-20250108_lab.xml 
pstx-20250108_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-003248-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>d874651d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001661460 

2025-01-08 
2025-01-08 

false 
0001661460 
--12-31 
8-K 
2025-01-08 
Poseida Therapeutics, Inc. 
DE 
001-39376 
47-2846548 
9390 Towne Centre Drive 
Suite 200 
San Diego 
CA 
92121 
(858) 
779-3100 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
PSTX 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>