<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-053909.txt : 20250313
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-053909.hdr.sgml : 20250313
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250313160813
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-053909
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250310
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250313
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250313

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PUGET ENERGY INC /WA
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001085392
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				911969407
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-16305
		FILM NUMBER:		25735789

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		355 110TH AVE NE
		CITY:			BELLEVUE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98004
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4254562150

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 97034
		CITY:			BELLEVUE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			980099734
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d879816d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

PUGET ENERGY INC /WAfalse000108539200010853922025-03-102025-03-10

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D. C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): March 10, 2025

Commission

File Number 

Exact name of registrant as

specified in its charter, state of incorporation,

address of principal executive offices,

telephone 

I.R.S. Employer

Identification Number

1-16305 

PUGET ENERGY, INC.

A Washington Corporation

355 110th Ave NE

Bellevue, Washington98004

425-454-6363 91-1969407

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

N/A N/A N/A

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Supplemental Indenture 

On March 13, 2025, Puget Energy, Inc. (the Company) entered into an Eighth Supplemental Indenture (the Supplemental Indenture) to the Indenture dated as of December 6, 2010 (the Base Indenture and together with the Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture), with Computershare Trust Company, National Association, as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, pursuant to which the Company issued $600 million principal amount of 5.725% senior secured notes due 2035 (the Notes). The Notes mature on March 15, 2035, and accrue interest at 5.725% per annum, payable semiannually in arrears on March 15 and September 15 of each year, commencing on September 15, 2025. The Notes are secured by substantially all of the Companys assets, which consists primarily of the equity interests it holds in its wholly owned subsidiary, Puget Sound Energy, Inc., and will rank pari passu in right of payment, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing the Notes, with all of the Companys existing and future senior secured indebtedness.

Prior to December 15, 2034, the Company may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to the greater of (i) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the Notes being redeemed, discounted to the redemption date on a semiannual basis at the Treasury Rate plus 25 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the redemption date, and (ii) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes to the redemption date. On or after December 15, 2034, the Company may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date.

Upon the occurrence of a change of control repurchase event (as defined in the Indenture), each holder of Notes will have the right to require the Company to repurchase such holders Notes, in whole or in part, at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued interest on the Notes to the date of such purchase.

The Indenture contains covenants limiting the Companys ability and the Companys subsidiaries ability to create certain liens, enter into sale and lease-back transactions, and consolidate or merge with, or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all the Companys assets to, another person. However, each of these covenants is subject to certain exceptions.

The Notes were offered within the United States only to qualified institutional buyers under Rule 144A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and to non-U.S. purchasers under Regulation S under the Securities Act, in an offering exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Unless registered under the Securities Act, the Notes may not be offered or sold in the United States except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws. This Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of the Notes in any state in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state.

The foregoing description of the Notes and the Indenture is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Supplemental Indenture (including the form of Note attached thereto), a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 4.1 to this Report. The foregoing description of the Notes and the Indenture is also qualified in its entirety by reference to the Base Indenture, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Registration Rights Agreement 

On March 13, 2025, in connection with the issuance of the Notes, the Company agreed, pursuant to a Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement), among the Company and Barclays Capital Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC and each of the other initial purchasers named in Schedule A (the Initial Purchasers) to the Purchase Agreement dated March 10, 2025 among the Company and the Initial Purchasers (the Purchase Agreement), to register the Notes under the Securities Act so as to allow holders of the Notes to exchange the Notes for the same principal amount of a new issue of notes (the Exchange Notes) with substantially identical terms, except that the Exchange Notes will generally be freely transferable under the

-2-

Securities Act. If the Company fails to comply with these obligations on time (each a registration default), the Company will be required to pay additional interest at a rate of 0.25% per annum for the first 90-day period following a registration default and an additional 0.25% per annum for each subsequent 90-day period that such additional interest continues to accrue (provided that such rate may not exceed 1.00% per annum).

The foregoing description of the Registration Rights Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Registration Rights Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 4.7 to this Report.

Certain Relationships 

Certain Initial Purchasers and their affiliates have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, investment banking and other commercial dealings in the ordinary course of business with the Company or its affiliates, for which they have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions. Affiliates of some of the Initial Purchasers are also agents and/or lenders under the Companys senior secured credit facility and may receive customary fees related thereto. The Company intends to use the proceeds from this offering to repay at maturity $400 million in aggregate principal amount of the Companys 3.650% senior secured notes due May 15, 2025, to pay down approximately $190 million outstanding balance on its senior secured credit facility bearing a floating interest rate based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate and which matures in May of 2027, and for general corporate purposes.

Item 2.03 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information included in Item 1.01 of this Report is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03.

Item 8.01 

Other Events.

Purchase Agreement 

On March 10, 2025, the Company entered into the Purchase Agreement with the Initial Purchasers with respect to the initial purchase and sale of the Notes. The foregoing description of the Purchase Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Purchase Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Report.

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit 

Description

4.1 Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated March 13, 2025 relating to Puget Energys 5.725% Senior Secured Notes due 2035 

4.2 Indenture dated December 6, 2010 between Puget Energy, Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, National Association, as successor Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Puget Energys Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 7, 2010, Commission File No. 1-16305)

4.3 Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated May 12, 2015 relating to Puget Energys 3.650% Senior Secured Notes due 2025 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Puget Energys Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 13, 2015, Commission File No. 1-16305)

4.4 Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated May 19, 2020 relating to Puget Energys 4.100% Senior Secured Notes due 2030 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Puget Energys Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 19, 2020, Commission File No. 1-16305)

4.5 Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated June 14, 2021 relating to Puget Energys 2.379% Senior Secured Notes due 2028 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Puget Energys Current Report on Form 8-K, filed June 21, 2021, Commission File No. 1-16305)

-3-

4.6 Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated March 17, 2022 relating to Puget Energys 4.224% Senior Secured Notes due 2032 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Puget Energys Current Report on Form 8-K, filed March 18, 2022, Commission File No. 1-16305)

4.7 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of March 13, 2025, among Puget Energy, Inc., Barclays Capital Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representatives of the several initial purchasers party thereto 

99.1 Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 10, 2025, among Puget Energy, Inc., Barclays Capital Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representatives of the several initial purchasers party thereto 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

-4-

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

PUGET ENERGY, INC.

Dated: March 13, 2025 By: 

/s/ Jamie Martin

Name: Jamie Martin

Title: Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d879816dex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

PUGET ENERGY, INC., 

AS
ISSUER 

AND 

COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY, 

NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, AS TRUSTEE 

EIGHTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 

Dated as of March 13, 2025 

$600,000,000

5.725% Senior Secured Notes due 2035 

THIS EIGHTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE (this Eighth Supplemental Indenture)
is made as of the 13th day of March, 2025, by and between PUGET ENERGY, INC., a Washington corporation, as issuer (the Company), and COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association and limited
purpose trust company organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America, as successor to WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, as trustee (the Trustee): 

WHEREAS, the Company has heretofore entered into an Indenture, dated as of December 6, 2010 (the Original Indenture),
with the Trustee; 

WHEREAS, the Original Indenture is incorporated herein by this reference and the Original Indenture, as supplemented,
including by this Eighth Supplemental Indenture, is herein called the Indenture; 

WHEREAS, under the Original
Indenture, a new series of senior secured notes may at any time be established by the Board of Directors in accordance with the provisions of the Original Indenture and the terms of such series may be described by a supplemental indenture executed
by the Company and the Trustee; 

WHEREAS, the Company proposes to create under the Indenture a new series of senior secured notes which
shall contain certain transfer restrictions as described herein and a new series of senior secured notes which shall not contain such transfer restrictions; 

WHEREAS, the Company may (i) propose an exchange offer whereby the holders of such restricted senior secured notes may exchange such
securities for non-restricted senior secured notes in accordance with the procedures described herein or (ii) file a shelf registration statement with the Commission whereby the holders of such restricted
senior secured notes may transfer such notes freely upon the effectiveness of such registration statement; and 

WHEREAS, all things
necessary to authorize the execution and delivery of this Eighth Supplemental Indenture and make it a valid and binding agreement of the Company, in accordance with its terms, have been done. 

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the agreements and obligations set forth herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the
sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

5.725% SENIOR NOTES DUE 2035 

SECTION 1.01 Establishment. There is hereby established a new series of senior secured notes to be issued under the Indenture, to be
designated as the Companys 5.725% Senior Secured Notes due March 15, 2035 (the Initial Notes), and a new series of senior secured notes to be issued under the Indenture upon an exchange of the Initial Notes to be
designated as the Companys 5.725% Exchange Senior Secured Notes due March 15, 2035 (the Exchange Notes, and, collectively, with the Initial Notes, the Notes). 

There are to be authenticated and delivered $600,000,000 principal amount of Initial Notes and $600,000,000 principal amount of Exchange
Notes, and such principal amount of Notes may be increased from time to time pursuant to Section 3.01 of the Original Indenture. All Notes need not be issued at the same time and such series may be reopened at any time, without the consent of
any Holder, for issuances of additional Notes. Any such additional Notes will have the same interest rate, maturity and other terms as those initially issued. No Notes shall be authenticated and delivered in excess of the principal amount as so
increased, except as provided by Sections 2.03, 3.05, 3.06, 4.06 and 11.06 of the Original Indenture and the terms of this Eighth Supplemental Indenture. The Notes shall be issued in definitive fully registered form. 

The form of the Trustees Certificate of Authentication for the Notes shall be substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit B hereto.

1 

Each Note shall be dated the date of authentication thereof and shall bear interest from the
date of original issuance thereof or from the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for. 

SECTION 1.02 Definitions. The following defined terms used herein shall, unless the context otherwise requires, have the meanings
specified below. Capitalized terms used herein for which no definition is provided herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Original Indenture. 

Additional Interest means all interest payable as a consequence of the failure to effectuate in a timely manner the
exchange offer and/or shelf registration procedures set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement. 

Bylaws has the
meaning specified in Section 1.10(j). 

Change of Control has the meaning specified in Section 1.10(j). 

Change of Control Date has the meaning specified in Section 1.10(a). 

Change of Control Offer has the meaning specified in Section 1.10(a). 

Change of Control Purchase Notice has the meaning specified in Section 1.10(c). 

Change of Control Purchase Price has the meaning specified in Section 1.10(a). 

Change of Control Repurchase Event has the meaning specified in Section 1.10(j). 

Clearstream means Clearstream Banking, S.A. 

Company has the meaning specified in the Preamble hereof. 

Distribution Compliance Period means the distribution compliance period provided by Rule 903(b)(3)(ii)(A) as promulgated by
the Commission under the Securities Act. 

Eighth Supplemental Indenture has the meaning specified in the Preamble
hereof. 

Euroclear means Euroclear Bank SA/NV, as operator of the Euroclear System. 

Exchange Notes has the meaning specified in Section 1.01. 

Exchange Offer means the offer that may be made pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement by the Company to exchange
the Initial Notes for the Exchange Notes. 

H.15 has the meaning specified in Section 1.09. 

H.15 TCM has the meaning specified in Section 1.09. 

Indenture has the meaning specified in the Recitals hereof. 

Initial Notes has the meaning specified in Section 1.01. 

Interest Payment Date means March 15 and September 15 of each year, commencing on September 15, 2025. 

Investment Grade has the meaning specified in Section 1.10(j). 

Investors has the meaning specified in Section 1.10(j). 

2 

Non-U.S. Person mean a Person who
fails to qualify as a U.S. Person, as such term is defined in Rule 902 promulgated by the Commission under the Securities Act. 

Notes has the meaning specified in Section 1.01. 

Original Indenture has the meaning specified in the Recitals hereof. 

Par Call Date has the meaning specified in Section 1.09. 

Permitted Holders has the meaning specified in Section 1.10(j). 

Purchase Date has the meaning specified in Section 1.10(a). 

QIB means Qualified Institutional Buyer as defined in Rule 144A. 

Rating Agency has the meaning specified in Section 1.10(j). 

Ratings Event has the meaning specified in Section 1.10(j). 

Registration Rights Agreement means the Registration Rights Agreement dated as of March 13, 2025 among the Company and
the Initial Purchasers named therein, or any other Registration Rights Agreement executed in connection with the issuance of Initial Notes after the date hereof, as the case may be. 

Regulation S means Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act. 

Regulation S Global Note has the meaning specified in Section 1.05(b). 

Regular Record Date means, with respect to each Interest Payment Date, the close of business on March 1 or
September 1 immediately preceding such Interest Payment Date. 

Remaining Life has the meaning specified in
Section 1.09. 

Rule 144A means Rule 144A promulgated under the Securities Act. 

Rule 144A Global Note has the meaning specified in Section 1.05(a). 

Shelf Registration Statement means the Shelf Registration Statement as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement. 

Stated Maturity means March 15, 2035. 

Treasury Rate has the meaning specified in Section 1.09. 

Trustee has the meaning specified in the Preamble hereof. 

Voting Stock has the meaning specified in Section 1.10(j). 

SECTION 1.03 Payment of Principal and Interest. 

(a) The principal of the Notes shall be due at Stated Maturity. The unpaid and outstanding principal amount of the Notes, and any overdue
installment of interest thereon to the extent permitted by law, shall bear interest at the rate of 5.725% per year until paid or made available for payment, such interest to accrue from the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has
been paid or duly provided for or, if no interest has been paid, from the date hereof. Interest and Additional Interest, if any, shall be paid semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, commencing on September 15, 2025, to the
Person in whose name the Notes are registered 

3 

on the Regular Record Date (whether or not a Business Day) for such Interest Payment Date; provided that interest payable at the Stated Maturity of principal or on a Redemption Date as
provided herein will be paid to the Person to whom principal is payable, subject to DTCs applicable procedures. Any such interest that is not so punctually paid or duly provided for will forthwith cease to be payable to the holders on such
Regular Record Date and may be paid as provided in Section 3.07 of the Original Indenture. 

(b) Payments of interest on the Notes
will include interest, and Additional Interest, if any, accrued to but excluding the respective Interest Payment Dates. Interest payments for the Notes shall be computed and paid on the basis of a 360-day year
consisting of twelve 30-day months. In the event that any date on which interest is payable on the Notes is not a Business Day, then payment of the interest payable on such date will be made on the next
succeeding day that is a Business Day (and without any interest or other payment in respect of any such delay). 

(c) Payment of the
principal, premium, if any, and interest and Additional Interest, if any, due at the Stated Maturity of, or on a Redemption Date for, the Notes shall be made upon surrender of the Notes at the Corporate Trust Office. The principal of and interest on
the Notes shall be paid in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts. Payments of interest (including interest on any Interest Payment Date) will be made,
subject to such surrender where applicable, at the option of the Company, (i) by check mailed to the address of the Person entitled thereto as such address shall appear in the Security Register or (ii) by wire transfer at such place and to
such account at a banking institution in the United States as may be designated in writing to the Trustee at least fifteen (15) days prior to the date for payment by the Person entitled thereto. 

SECTION 1.04 Denominations. The Notes will be issued only in denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess
thereof. 

SECTION 1.05 Form of Notes. 

(a) Notes initially offered and sold to QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A shall be issued in the form of one or more Global Notes in definitive,
fully registered form, without interest coupons, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto (referred to collectively as the Rule 144A Global Note). The Rule 144A Global Note shall be deposited on the date of the closing of the
sale of the Notes with, or on behalf of, the Depositary and registered in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee of the Depositary. Interests in the Rule 144A Global Note shall be available for purchase only by QIBs. 

(b) Notes offered and sold in offshore transactions to Non-U.S. Persons in reliance on Regulation S
shall initially be issued in the form of one or more Global Notes in definitive, fully registered form, without interest coupons, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto (referred to collectively as the Regulation S
Global Note). Through and including the 40th day after the later of the commencement of the offering of the Notes and the original issue date of the Notes (such period through and including such 40th day, the Distribution Compliance
Period), beneficial interests in the Regulation S Global Note may be held only through Euroclear and Clearstream (as indirect participants in the Depositary), unless transferred to a person that takes delivery through a Rule 144A Global Note
in accordance with the certification requirements provided by Section 1.06. Beneficial interests in the Rule 144A Global Note may not be exchanged for beneficial interests in the Regulation S Global Note at any time except in the limited
circumstances described below. 

(c) Except as otherwise provided herein, the Rule 144A Global Note and the Regulation S Global Note
may be transferred, in whole and not in part, solely to another nominee of the Depositary or to a successor of the Depositary or its nominee. Owners of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not be considered the Holders thereof for any
purpose under the Indenture, and beneficial interests in the Global Notes may not be exchanged for notes in physical, certificated form except in the limited circumstances described in Section 1.06. The rights of Holders of such Global Note
shall be exercised only through the Depositary. 

Any beneficial interest in a Global Note that is transferred to a Person who takes
delivery in the form of an interest in another Global Note will, upon transfer, cease to be an interest in such Global Note and become an interest in the other Global Note and, accordingly, will thereafter be subject to all transfer restrictions, if
any, and other procedures applicable to beneficial interests in such other Global Note for so long as it remains such an interest. 

4 

A Global Note shall be exchangeable for Notes registered in the names of Persons other than
the Depositary or its nominee only in accordance with Section 2.03 of the Original Indenture. Any Global Note that is exchangeable pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be exchangeable for Notes registered in such names as the Depositary
shall direct and Notes issued in exchange for Rule 144A Global Note and Regulation S Global Note pursuant to the preceding sentence will bear, and be subject to, the legends relating to restrictions on transfer required by Section 1.07. 

SECTION 1.06 Transfer and Exchange. 

(a) Transfer Restrictions. The Initial Notes, and those Exchange Notes with respect to which any Person described in Sections
1.07(c)(i), (ii) or (iii) is the beneficial owner, may not be transferred except in compliance with the applicable legends contained in Exhibit A unless otherwise determined by the Company in accordance with applicable law. 

No service charge will be made for any transfer or exchange of Notes, but the Trustee may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax
or other governmental charge that may be imposed in connection therewith. 

The Company shall not be required (i) to issue, transfer
or exchange any Notes during a period beginning at the opening of business fifteen (15) days before the day of the mailing of a notice identifying the Notes to be called for redemption, and ending at the close of business on the day of the
mailing, or (ii) to transfer or exchange any Notes theretofore selected for redemption in whole or in part, except the unredeemed portion of any Note redeemed in part. 

(b) Transfers under Regulation S Global Note. 

(i) Prior to the expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period, a transfer of a beneficial interest in the Rule 144A Global Note to a
transferee who takes delivery of such interest through the Regulation S Global Note shall be made upon receipt by the Trustee or its agent of a certificate substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit C hereto from the proposed transferee and, if
requested by the Company or the Trustee, the delivery of an opinion of counsel, certifications and/or other information satisfactory to each of them. After the expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period, interests in the Regulation S Global
Note may be transferred without requiring the certification set forth in Exhibit C hereto or any additional certification. 

(ii) Prior to
or on the expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period, beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Note may only be held through Euroclear or Clearstream or another agent member of Euroclear and Clearstream acting for and on behalf of them,
unless exchanged for interests in a Rule 144A Global Note in accordance with the certification requirements hereof. During the Distribution Compliance Period, interests in a Regulation S Global Note, if any, may be exchanged for interests in the
Rule 144A Global Note only in accordance with the certification requirements described in this Section 1.06. 

(iii) As used in the
preceding two paragraphs of this Section 1.06(b), the term transfer encompasses any sale, transfer or other disposition of any Notes referred to herein except for transfers from any Holder to an Affiliate of such Holder;
provided that such transferring Holder shall deliver a letter to the Trustee stating that the transferee is an Affiliate of such Holder. The Trustee shall be entitled to conclusively rely on and be fully protected in its reliance on such
letter. 

(c) Transfers of Regulation S Global Note to Rule 144A Global Note. Prior to the expiration of the Distribution Compliance
Period, a transfer of a beneficial interest in the Regulation S Global Note to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through the Rule 144A Global Note shall be made upon receipt by the Trustee or its agent of a certificate substantially
in the form set forth in Exhibit D hereto from the proposed transferor and, if requested by the Company or the Trustee, the delivery of an opinion of counsel, certifications and/or other information satisfactory to each of them. 

5 

(d) Exchange of Initial Notes for Exchange Notes. The Initial Notes may be exchanged
for Exchange Notes pursuant to the terms of the Exchange Offer. The Trustee shall make the exchange as follows: 

The Company shall present
the Trustee with an Officers Certificate certifying the following: 

(i) upon issuance of the Exchange Notes, the transactions
contemplated by the Exchange Offer have been consummated; and 

(ii) the principal amount of Initial Notes properly tendered in the
Exchange Offer that are represented by a Global Note or by Global Notes and the principal amount of Initial Notes properly tendered in the Exchange Offer that are represented by individual Notes, the name of each Holder of such individual Initial
Notes, the principal amount properly tendered in the Exchange Offer by each such Holder and the name and address to which individual Exchange Notes shall be registered and sent for each such Holder. 

The Trustee, upon receipt of (i) such Officers Certificate, (ii) an Opinion of Counsel addressed to the Trustee of the Notes
to the effect that the Exchange Notes have been registered under Section 5 of the Securities Act, and the Indenture has been qualified under the Trust Indenture Act and (iii) a Company Order, shall authenticate a Global Note or Global
Notes for Exchange Notes in aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of Initial Notes represented by a Global Note or by Global Notes indicated in such Officers Certificate as having been properly tendered. 

If the principal amount of the Global Note or Global Notes for the Exchange Notes is less than the principal amount of the Global Note or
Global Notes for the Initial Notes, the Trustee shall make an endorsement on such Global Note or Global Notes for Initial Notes indicating a reduction in the principal amount represented thereby. 

SECTION 1.07 Legends. 

(a) Except as permitted by Sections 1.07(b) and (c), or as otherwise determined by the Company in accordance with applicable law, each Note
shall bear the applicable legends relating to restrictions on transfer pursuant to the securities laws in substantially the form set forth on Exhibit A hereto. 

(b) After a transfer of any Initial Notes during the period of the effectiveness of a Shelf Registration Statement with respect to such
Initial Notes, all requirements pursuant to Section 1.07(a) pertaining to restrictive legends on such Initial Notes shall cease to apply. 

(c) The Company shall issue, and the Trustee shall authenticate upon a Company Order, Exchange Notes in exchange for Initial Notes accepted
for exchange in the Exchange Offer, which Exchange Notes shall not bear the legends required by Section 1.07(a), in each case unless the Holder of such Initial Notes is either (i) a broker-dealer who purchased such Initial Notes directly
from the Company for resale pursuant to Rule 144A or any other available exemption under the Securities Act, (ii) a Person participating in the distribution of the Initial Notes or (iii) a Person who is an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144
under the Securities Act) of the Company. 

SECTION 1.08 Defeasance. The provisions of Article Six of the Original Indenture shall
apply to the Notes. 

SECTION 1.09 Redemption at the Option of the Company. 

(a) Prior to December 15, 2034 (three months prior to the Stated Maturity) (the Par Call Date), the Company may redeem
the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, upon not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days notice to Holders, at a Redemption Price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and
rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: 

(i) (1) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of
principal and interest thereon discounted to the Redemption Date (assuming the Notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined below) plus 25 basis points less (2) interest accrued to the Redemption Date, and 

6 

(ii) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, 

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest, including Additional Interest, if any, thereon to the Redemption Date. 

(b) On or after the Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time,
upon not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days notice to Holders, at a Redemption Price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest, including Additional Interest, if
any, thereon to the Redemption Date. 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any Redemption Date, the yield determined by
the Company in accordance with the following two paragraphs. 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New
York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the Redemption Date based upon the yield or yields for the most
recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily)H.15 (or any successor
designation or publication) (H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the
Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the Redemption Date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if
there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yieldsone yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury
constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Lifeand shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or
(3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable
Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the Redemption Date. 

If on the third business day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate
based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day preceding such Redemption Date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity
that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Par Call
Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or
more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury
securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in
accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00
a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

(c) The Company shall notify the
Trustee in writing of the Redemption Price with respect to the foregoing redemption promptly after the calculation thereof. The Trustee shall not be responsible for calculating said Redemption Price or confirming the accuracy thereof.
Notwithstanding Section 4.04 of the Original Indenture, such notice need not set forth the Redemption Price but only the manner of calculation thereof. 

7 

SECTION 1.10 Change of Control. 

(a) In the event of any Change of Control Repurchase Event (the effective date of such Change of Control Repurchase Event being the
Change of Control Date) each Holder of the Notes will have the right, at such Holders option, subject to the terms and conditions herein, to require the Company to repurchase all or any part (equal to $2,000 or an integral
multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) of such Holders Notes (a Change of Control Offer) on a date selected by the Company that is no earlier than sixty (60) days nor later than ninety (90) days (the
Purchase Date) after the sending of written notice by the Company of the occurrence of such Change of Control Repurchase Event, at a repurchase price payable in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount of such Notes plus accrued
interest, if any, and Additional Interest, if any, thereon to the Purchase Date (the Change of Control Purchase Price). 

(b) Within thirty (30) days after the Change of Control Date, the Company shall send to each Holder of a Note a notice regarding the
Change of Control Repurchase Event, which notice shall state: 

(i) that a Change of Control Repurchase Event has occurred and that each
such Holder has the right to require the Company to repurchase all or any part of such Holders Notes at the Change of Control Purchase Price; 

(ii) the Change of Control Purchase Price; 

(iii) the Purchase Date; 

(iv) that any Note not tendered will continue to accrue interest; 

(v) that, unless the Company defaults in the payment of the Change of Control Purchase Price, all Notes accepted for payment pursuant to the
Change of Control Repurchase Event will cease to accrue interest after the Purchase Date; 

(vi) that Holders electing to have any Notes
purchased pursuant to a Change of Control Repurchase Event shall be required to surrender the Notes, with the form entitled Option of Holder to Elect Purchase on the reverse of the Notes completed, to the Paying Agent at the address
specified in the notice prior to the close of business on the third Business Day preceding the Purchase Date; provided Notes held in book entry form shall comply with the Applicable Procedures of DTC. 

(vii) the procedures to withdraw a Holders election to have any Notes repurchased pursuant to the Change of Control Repurchase Event;
and 

(viii) that Holders whose Notes are being purchased only in part will be issued new Notes equal in principal amount to the
unpurchased portion of the Notes surrendered, which unpurchased portion must be equal to $2,000 in principal amount or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess of $2,000. 

(c) To exercise its right to have any Notes repurchased pursuant to a Change of Control Repurchase Event, a Holder must deliver a written
notice (the Change of Control Purchase Notice) to the Paying Agent at the Corporate Trust Office or any other office of the Paying Agent maintained for such purposes, not later than thirty (30) days prior to the Purchase
Date. Notes held in book entry form shall comply with the Applicable Procedures of DTC. The Change of Control Purchase Notice shall state: 

(i) the portion of the principal amount of any Notes to be repurchased, which shall be a minimum of $2,000 and in integral multiples of
$1,000 in excess thereof; 

(ii) that such Notes are to be repurchased by the Company pursuant to this Section 1.10; and 

8 

(iii) unless the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, the certificate numbers
of the Notes to be repurchased. 

(d) The Paying Agent shall promptly send to each Holder of Notes properly tendered the Change of Control
Purchase Price for such Notes, and the Trustee shall promptly authenticate and mail (or cause to be transferred by book-entry) to each Holder a new Note equal in principal amount to any unpurchased portion of the Notes surrendered, if any;
provided that each new Note will be in a principal amount of $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000. The Company shall publicly announce the results of the Change of Control Offer on or as soon as practicable after the Purchase Date. 

(e) Any Change of Control Purchase Notice may be withdrawn by a Holder by a written notice of withdrawal delivered to the Paying Agent not
later than three (3) Business Days prior to the Purchase Date or for book-entry notes, in accordance with the Depositarys procedures. The notice of withdrawal shall state the principal amount and, if applicable, the certificate numbers of
the Notes as to which the withdrawal notice relates and the principal amount, if any, that remains subject to a Change of Control Purchase Notice. 

(f) If the Paying Agent holds money sufficient to pay the Change of Control Purchase Price of a Note on the Business Day following the
Purchase Date for such Note, then, on and after such date, interest on such Note will cease to accrue, whether or not such Note is delivered to the Paying Agent, and all other rights of the Holder of such Note shall terminate (other than the right
to receive the Change of Control Purchase Price upon delivery of such Note). 

(g) The Company shall comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of the Notes as a result of a Change in
Control Repurchase Event. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the provisions of this Section 1.10, the Company shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and shall not be
deemed to have breached its obligations under this Section 1.10 by virtue of such compliance. 

(h) Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this Section 1.10, the Company shall not be required to make a Change of Control Offer upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event if (i) a third party makes a Change of Control Offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in
compliance with the requirements set forth herein applicable to a Change of Control Offer made by the Company and purchases all notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under the Change of Control Offer, or (ii) notice of redemption has been
given pursuant to Section 1.09 unless and until there is a default in payment of the applicable Redemption Price. 

(i)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 1.10, no Note may be repurchased by the Company as a result of a Change of Control Repurchase Event if there shall have occurred and be continuing an Event of Default (other than a
default in the payment of the Change of Control Purchase Price with respect to the Notes). 

(j) The following terms shall have the
following meanings in this Section 1.10: 

Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following events:

(i) any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act or any successor
provisions to either of the foregoing), other than the Permitted Holders, becomes the beneficial owners (as used in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange
Act, except that a person or group will be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all shares that any such person or group has the right to acquire, whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time),
directly or indirectly, of a majority of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of the Company, whether as a result of the issuance of securities of the Company, any merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution of the Company or otherwise;

9 

(ii) the sale, transfer, assignment, lease, conveyance or other disposition, directly or
indirectly, of all or substantially all the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as a whole (other than a disposition of such assets as an entirety or virtually as an entirety to a wholly-owned subsidiary) to any person other than
the Permitted Holders shall have occurred, or the Company merges, consolidates or amalgamates with or into any other person or any other person merges, consolidates or amalgamates with or into the Company, in any such event pursuant to a transaction
in which the outstanding Voting Stock of the Company is reclassified into or exchanged for cash, securities or other property, other than any such transaction where (x) the outstanding Voting Stock of the Company is reclassified into or
exchanged for other Voting Stock of the Company or for Voting Stock of the surviving corporation and (y) the holders of the Voting Stock of the Company immediately prior to such transaction own, directly or indirectly, a majority of the Voting
Stock of the Company or the surviving corporation immediately after such transaction; 

(iii) during any period, individuals who at the
beginning of such period constituted the Board of Directors (for so long as the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, dated February 6, 2009 (as amended from time to time, the Bylaws) are in effect, together with any
replacement or new directors appointed to such Board of Directors in accordance with the terms of the Bylaws, and to the extent the terms of the Bylaws are no longer in effect, together with any new directors whose election or appointment by such
Board of Directors or whose nomination for election by the shareholders of the Company was approved by a vote of a majority of the directors then still in office who were either directors at the beginning of such period or whose election or
nomination for election was previously so approved) cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the Board of Directors then in office; or 

(iv) the Companys shareholders shall have approved any plan of liquidation or dissolution of the Company. 

Change of Control Repurchase Event means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Ratings Event. 

Investment Grade means BBB- or higher by Standard & Poors and Baa3
or higher by Moodys, or the equivalent of such ratings by Standard & Poors or Moodys or, if either Standard & Poors or Moodys shall not make a rating on the Notes publicly available, another Rating
Agency. 

Investors means (i) the Ontario Municipal Employees Retirement System, (ii) PGGM Vermogensbeheer
B.V., (iii) Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board, (iv) Macquarie Washington Clean Energy Investment, L.P., (v) the British Columbia Investment Management Corporation, (vi) the Alberta Investment Management Corporation and
(vii) each of their respective Affiliates (not including, however, any portfolio companies of any of the Investors). For purposes of the preceding sentence, the term portfolio companies does not include, without limitation,
(i) any investment fund or investment vehicle managed or co-managed by any Investor or by any of such investment funds or investment vehicles Affiliates or (ii) any direct or indirect non-operating subsidiary of any Investor. 

Permitted Holders means each of the
Investors and members of management of the Company (or its direct or indirect parent) who are holders of Voting Stock of the Company (or any of its direct or indirect parent companies) on the issue date of the Notes and any group (as
such term is used in Section 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act or any successor provision) of which any of the foregoing are members; provided that, in the case of such group and without giving effect to the existence of such group or
any other group, such Investors and members of management, collectively, have beneficial ownership of a majority of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of the Company. 

Rating Agency means each of Standard & Poors and Moodys or, if Standard & Poors or
Moodys or both shall not make a rating on the Notes publicly available, a nationally recognized statistical rating organization or organizations, as the case may be, selected by the Company (as certified by a resolution of the Board of
Directors), which shall be substituted for Standard & Poors or Moodys, or both, as the case may be. 

Ratings
Event means a decrease in the ratings of the Notes by one or more gradations (including gradations within categories as well as between rating categories) by each of the Rating Agencies on any date from the date of the public notice of an
arrangement that could result in a Change of Control until the end of the 30-day period following public notice of the occurrence of the Change of Control (which 30-day
period shall be extended so long as the rating of the Notes is under publicly announced consideration for possible downgrade by either of the 

10 

Rating Agencies and the other Rating Agency has either downgraded, or publicly announced that it is considering downgrading, the Notes). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the rating of the Notes
by each of the Rating Agencies is Investment Grade, then Ratings Event means a decrease in the ratings of the Notes by one or more gradations (including gradations within categories as well as between rating categories) by each of
the Rating Agencies such that the rating of the Notes by each of the Rating Agencies falls below Investment Grade on any date from the date of the public notice of an arrangement that could result in a Change of Control until the end of the 30-day period following public notice of the occurrence of the Change of Control (which 30-day period shall be extended so long as the rating of the Notes is under publicly
announced consideration for possible downgrade by either of the Rating Agencies and the other Rating Agency has either downgraded, or publicly announced that it is considering downgrading, the Notes). 

Voting Stock means securities of any class or classes the holders of which are ordinarily, in the absence of contingencies,
entitled to vote for corporate directors (or persons performing similar functions). 

SECTION 1.11 Rule 144A Reporting Requirement.
Upon request therefor, the Company shall provide to prospective Holders of the Initial Notes, all information required to be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act so long as any Note that remains Outstanding is a
restricted security with the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act. Delivery of reports, information and documents to the Trustee is for informational purposes only and its receipt of such reports shall not constitute
constructive notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including our compliance with any of our covenants under the Original Indenture or the Initial Notes (as to which the Trustee is entitled to
rely exclusively on officers certificates). The Trustee shall not be obligated to monitor or confirm, on a continuing basis or otherwise, the Companys compliance with the covenants or with respect to any reports or other documents filed
with the SEC or EDGAR or any website under the indenture, or participate in any conference calls. 

SECTION 1.12 Trustees
Responsibilities. The Trustee assumes no responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of the information concerning the Company or its affiliates or any other party contained in this document or for any failure by the Company or any other
party to disclose events that may have occurred and may affect the significance or accuracy of such information. Neither the Trustee nor any Paying Agent shall be responsible for determining whether any asset disposition has occurred and whether any
asset sale offer with respect to the Notes is required. Neither the Trustee nor any Paying Agent shall be responsible for determining whether any Change of Control has occurred and whether any Change of Control Offer with respect to the Notes is
required. Neither the Trustee nor any Paying Agent shall be responsible for monitoring our credit rating status, making any request upon any rating agency or determining whether any rating event with respect to the Notes has occurred. 

ARTICLE II 

AMENDMENTS
TO THE ORIGINAL INDENTURE 

SECTION 2.01 Section 5.03(e) of the Original Indenture is hereby deleted and replaced in its entirety with
the following language: 

Subject to applicable escheatment laws, any money deposited with the Trustee or any Paying Agent, or then
held by the Company, in trust for the payment of the principal of and premium, if any, or interest, if any, on any Security and remaining unclaimed for two years after such principal and premium, if any, or interest, if any, has become due and
payable shall be paid to the Company on Company Request, or, if then held by the Company, shall be discharged from such trust; and, upon such payment or discharge, the Holder of such Security shall, as an unsecured general creditor and not as the
Holder of an Outstanding Security, look only to the Company for payment of the amount so due and payable and remaining unpaid, and all liability of the Trustee or such Paying Agent with respect to such trust money, and all liability of the Company
as trustee thereof, shall thereupon cease. 

11 

SECTION 2.02 Section 1.06(a) of the Original Indenture is hereby deleted and replaced in its
entirety with the following language: 

Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, where this Indenture provides for notice to
Holders of any event, such notice shall be sufficiently given, and shall be deemed given, to Holders if in writing and mailed, first-class postage prepaid, or sent by electronic mail to each Holder affected by such event, at the address of such
Holder as it appears in the Security Register, not later than the latest date, and not earlier than the earliest date, prescribed for the giving of such notice. 

SECTION 2.03 Section 4.03(a) of the Original Indenture is hereby deleted and replaced in its entirety with the following language: 

If less than all the Securities of any series, or any Tranche thereof, are to be redeemed, the particular Securities to be redeemed shall
be selected by the Security Registrar from the Outstanding Securities of such series or Tranche not previously called for redemption, by lot or by such method as the Trustee shall deem fair and appropriate, and in accordance with the
Depositarys applicable procedures, and which may, in any case, provide for the selection for redemption of portions (in any authorized denomination for Securities of such series or Tranche) of the principal amount of Securities of such series
or Tranche having a denomination larger than the minimum authorized denomination for Securities of such series or Tranche; provided, however, that if, as indicated in an Officers Certificate, the Company shall have offered to purchase all or
any principal amount of the Securities then Outstanding of any series, or any Tranche thereof, and less than all of such Securities as to which such offer was made shall have been tendered to the Company for such purchase, the Trustee, if so
directed by Company Order, shall select for redemption all or any principal amount of such Securities which have not been so tendered. 

SECTION 2.04 Section 4.03(c) of the Original Indenture is hereby modified by adding the following language after the last sentence: 

The Company shall provide written notice to the Trustee prior to the close of business two Business Days prior to the Redemption Date if
any such redemption has been rescinded or delayed, and promptly following receipt the Trustee shall provide such notice to the Holders in the same manner in which the notice of redemption was given. 

SECTION 2.05 Section 5.08(a) of the Original Indenture is hereby deleted and replaced in its entirety with the following language: 

At all times whether or not the Company is subject to the reporting requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act the Company
shall furnish to the Trustee and the Holders of the Securities or cause the Trustee to furnish to the Holders of the Securities, so long as any series of Securities is outstanding: 

(i) within ninety (90) days of the end of each fiscal year and within sixty (60) days of the end of each fiscal quarter, all annual
and quarterly reports that would be required to be filed with the Commission on Forms 10-K and 10-Q if the Company were required to file such reports; and 

(ii) within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and regulations that would be applicable if the Company were subject to
such rules and regulations, all current reports that would be required to be filed with the Commission on Form 8-K if the Company were required to file such reports. 

Delivery of reports, information and documents to the Trustee is for informational purposes only and its receipt of such reports shall not
constitute constructive notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including the Companys compliance with any of the Companys covenants under the Original Indenture or the Initial
Notes (as to which the Trustee is entitled to rely exclusively on officers certificates). 

12 

SECTION 2.06 Section 11.02(d) of the Original Indenture is hereby deleted and replaced in
its entirety with the following language: 

Anything in this Indenture to the contrary notwithstanding, if the Officers
Certificate, supplemental indenture or Board Resolution, as the case may be, establishing the Securities of any series or Tranche shall so provide, (i) the Holders of such Securities shall be deemed to have consented to such supplemental
indenture or other document containing the additions, changes or eliminations to or from the Indenture which shall be specified in such Officers Certificate, supplemental indenture or Board Resolution establishing such series or Tranche and
(ii) no Act of such Holders shall be required to evidence such consent. 

SECTION 2.07 Section 7.07(c) of the Original Indenture
is hereby deleted and replaced in its entirety with the following language: 

such Holder or Holders shall have offered to the Trustee
indemnity satisfactory to it against the costs, losses expenses and liabilities to be incurred in compliance with such request; 

ARTICLE III 

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 

SECTION 3.01 Recitals by the Company. The recitals in this Eighth Supplemental Indenture are made by the Company only and not by the
Trustee, and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for their correctness. The Trustee makes no representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this Eighth Supplemental Indenture or of the Notes. The Trustee shall not be accountable for the use
or application by the Company of the Notes or the proceeds thereof. All of the provisions contained in the Original Indenture in respect of the rights, privileges, immunities, powers and duties of the Trustee shall be applicable in respect of the
Notes and of this Eighth Supplemental Indenture as fully and with like effect as if set forth herein in full. 

SECTION 3.02
Ratification and Incorporation of Original Indenture. As supplemented hereby, the Original Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed, and the Original Indenture and this Eighth Supplemental Indenture shall be read, taken and
construed as one and the same instrument. 

SECTION 3.03 Executed in Counterparts. This Eighth Supplemental Indenture may be
simultaneously executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, and such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. This Supplemental Indenture or any document delivered in connection
with this Supplemental Indenture shall be valid, binding, and enforceable against a party only when executed and delivered by an authorized individual on behalf of the party by means of (i) any electronic signature permitted by the federal
Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, state enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and/or any other relevant electronic signatures law, including relevant provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code
(UCC) (collectively, Signature Law); (ii) an original manual signature; or (iii) a faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature. Each electronic signature or faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual
signature shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility in evidence as an original manual signature. Each party hereto shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon, and shall have no liability with respect to, any
faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, of any party and shall have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity thereof. For avoidance of doubt, original manual signatures
shall be used for execution or indorsement of writings when required under the UCC or other Signature Law due to the character or intended character of the writings. 

SECTION 3.04 New York Law to Govern. This Eighth Supplemental Indenture and each Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of New York. 

13 

SECTION 3.05 Valid and Binding Obligation. This Eighth Supplemental Indenture, upon
execution and delivery by the parties hereto, constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Company or the Trustee, as applicable, enforceable against the Company or the Trustee, as applicable, in accordance with its terms, except to the extent
the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally and except as enforcement thereof is subject to general principles of equity
and except as rights to indemnification may be limited by applicable law. 

[Signature page immediately follows] 

14 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each party hereto has caused this instrument to be signed in its name
and behalf by its duly authorized officers, all as of the day and year first above written. 

PUGET ENERGY, INC.

As Issuer

By: /s/ Cara Peterman

Name: Cara Peterman

Title: Director, Chief Risk Officer and Corporate Treasurer

COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

As Trustee

By: /s/ Corey J. Dahlstrand

Name: Corey J. Dahlstrand

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to
Eighth Supplemental Indenture] 

EXHIBIT A 

FORM OF NOTE 

[INCLUDE IF NOTE IS A
GLOBAL NOTE: UNLESS THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC), TO PUGET ENERGY, INC. (THE COMPANY) OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF
TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY
AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 

TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE IN WHOLE SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS TO A NOMINEE OF DTC OR BY A NOMINEE OF DTC TO DTC OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF DTC OR BY DTC OR
ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY AND TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE IN PART SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THE INDENTURE REFERRED TO ON THE
REVERSE HEREOF. 

THIS GLOBAL NOTE SHALL BE EXCHANGEABLE FOR NOTES REGISTERED IN THE NAMES OF PERSONS OTHER THAN DTC OR ITS NOMINEE ONLY IF (I) DTC
NOTIFIES THE COMPANY THAT IT IS UNWILLING OR UNABLE TO CONTINUE AS A DEPOSITARY FOR SUCH GLOBAL NOTE, OR IF AT ANY TIME DTC CEASES TO BE A CLEARING AGENCY REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED, AT A TIME WHEN DTC IS
REQUIRED TO BE SO REGISTERED TO ACT AS SUCH DEPOSITARY AND, IN EACH CASE, NO SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY SHALL HAVE BEEN APPOINTED BY THE COMPANY WITHIN 90 DAYS OF SUCH NOTICE, (II) THE COMPANY IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION DETERMINES THAT SUCH GLOBAL NOTE
SHALL BE SO EXCHANGEABLE, OR (III) THERE SHALL HAVE OCCURRED AN EVENT OF DEFAULT WITH RESPECT TO THE NOTES. ANY GLOBAL NOTE THAT IS EXCHANGEABLE PURSUANT TO THE PRECEDING SENTENCE SHALL BE EXCHANGEABLE FOR NOTES REGISTERED IN SUCH NAMES AS THE
DEPOSITARY SHALL DIRECT AND NOTES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE FOR RULE 144A GLOBAL NOTES AND REGULATION S GLOBAL NOTES PURSUANT TO THE PRECEDING SENTENCE, SHALL BEAR, AND BE SUBJECT TO, THE LEGENDS RELATING TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER REQUIRED BY THE
INDENTURE RELATING HERETO.] 

[INCLUDE IF THIS NOTE IS A REGULATION S GLOBAL NOTE: THE NOTES COVERED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE
UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED AND SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (i) AS PART OF THEIR DISTRIBUTION AT ANY TIME OR
(ii) OTHERWISE UNTIL 40 DAYS AFTER THE LATER OF THE COMMENCEMENT OF THE OFFERING OF THE NOTES AND THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE, EXCEPT IN EITHER CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION S (OR RULE 144A IF AVAILABLE) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. TERMS USED
ABOVE HAVE THE MEANING GIVEN TO THEM BY REGULATION S.] 

THE NOTES (OR ITS PREDECESSOR) EVIDENCED HEREBY WERE ORIGINALLY ISSUED IN A TRANSACTION EXEMPT
FROM REGISTRATION UNDER SECTION 5 OF THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND THE NOTES EVIDENCED HEREBY MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR AN
APPLICABLE EXEMPTION THEREFROM. EACH PURCHASER OF THE NOTES EVIDENCED HEREBY IS HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT THE SELLER MAY BE RELYING ON THE EXEMPTION FROM THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 5 OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144A THEREUNDER. THE HOLDER OF
THE NOTES EVIDENCED HEREBY AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF PUGET ENERGY, INC. (THE COMPANY) THAT (A) IT WILL NOT WITHIN SIX MONTHS AFTER 

A-1 

THE ORIGINAL ISSUANCE OF THIS NOTE (OR ANY PREDECESSOR OF THIS NOTE) RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS SECURITY, EXCEPT TO THE COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, (B) SUCH SECURITY MAY BE
RESOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED, ONLY (1)(a) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHO THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR
THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (b) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO A FOREIGN PERSON IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 903 OR RULE 904
OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (c) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144 THEREUNDER (IF APPLICABLE) OR (d) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANOTHER EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT (AND BASED UPON AN OPINION OF COUNSEL ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY IF THE COMPANY SO REQUESTS), (2) TO THE COMPANY OR (3) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT AND, IN EACH CASE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE JURISDICTION AND (C) THE HOLDER WILL, AND EACH SUBSEQUENT HOLDER IS REQUIRED TO, NOTIFY ANY PURCHASER OF THE NOTE EVIDENCED HEREBY OF THE RESALE RESTRICTIONS
SET FORTH IN CLAUSE (B) ABOVE. NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 FOR RESALE OF THE NOTE EVIDENCED HEREBY. 

BECAUSE OF THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS, PURCHASERS ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT LEGAL COUNSEL PRIOR TO MAKING ANY RESALE, PLEDGE OR TRANSFER OF ANY OF THE NOTES.
INVESTORS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY BE REQUIRED TO BEAR THE FINANCIAL RISKS OF THIS INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME. 

A-2 

CUSIP: [ ] 

ISIN: [ ] 

PUGET ENERGY, INC. 

5.725% Senior
Secured Note due 2035 

Principal Amount: $[ ] or such other principal sum set forth in the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests attached hereto

Regular Record Date: March 1 or September 1 immediately preceding the applicable Interest Payment Date

Original Issue Date: March 13, 2025

Stated Maturity: March 15, 2035

Interest Payment Dates: March 15 and September 15, beginning on September 15, 2025

Interest Rate: 5.725% per annum

Authorized Denominations: $2,000 or any integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof

No. [ ] $[ ]

Puget Energy, Inc., a Washington corporation (the Company, which term includes any successor
corporation under the Indenture referred to on the reverse hereof), for value received, hereby promises to pay to [ ], or registered assigns, the principal sum of [ ] DOLLARS ($[ ]) or such
other principal sum as shall be set forth in the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests attached hereto on the Stated Maturity shown above (or upon earlier redemption), and to pay interest thereon from the Original Issue Date shown above, or from the
most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date as specified above, commencing on the Interest Payment Date next succeeding the Original Issue Date shown
above and on the Stated Maturity (or upon earlier redemption) at the rate per annum shown above until the principal hereof is paid or made available for payment and on any overdue principal and on any overdue installment of interest. The interest so
payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date (other than an Interest Payment Date that is the Stated Maturity or on a Redemption Date) will, as provided in such Indenture, be paid to the Person in whose name this
Note (this Note) is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date as specified above next preceding such Interest Payment Date; provided that any interest payable at Stated Maturity or on any Redemption Date will
be paid to the Person to whom principal is payable. Except as otherwise provided in the Indenture, any such interest not so punctually paid or duly provided for will forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on such Regular Record Date and may
either be paid to the Person in whose name this Note is registered at the close of business on a Special Record Date for the payment of such defaulted interest to be fixed by the Trustee, notice whereof shall be given to Holders of Notes of this
series not less than 15 days prior to such Special Record Date, or be paid at any time in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange, if any, on which the Notes of this series shall be listed, and upon
such notice as may be required by any such exchange, all as more fully provided in the Indenture. 

Payments of interest on this Note will
include interest accrued to but excluding the respective Interest Payment Dates. Interest payments for this Note shall be computed and paid on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. In the event that any date on which interest is payable on this Note is not a Business Day, then payment of the interest payable on such date will be made on the next succeeding day that is a Business
Day (and without any interest or other payment in respect of any such delay). A Business Day shall mean any day other than a Saturday or a Sunday or a day on which banks in New York, New York are authorized or obligated by law or
executive order to remain closed or a day on which the Trustees Corporate Trust Office is closed for business. 

A-3 

Payment of the principal, premium, if any, and interest due at the Stated Maturity or
earlier redemption of this Note shall be made upon surrender of this Note at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and
private debts. Payments of interest (including interest on any Interest Payment Date) will be made, subject to such surrender where applicable, at the option of the Company, (i) by check mailed to the address of the Person entitled thereto as
such address shall appear in the Security Register or (ii) by wire transfer at such place and to such account at a banking institution in the United States as may be designated in writing to the Trustee at least 15 days prior to the date for
payment by the Person entitled thereto. 

The unpaid principal amount of this Note shall bear interest at the rate per annum set forth
above. The Company has entered into a Registration Rights Agreement dated as of March 13, 2025 with the Initial Purchasers described therein (the Registration Rights Agreement). Holders of the Initial Notes shall have all the rights
set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement. 

From and after the date on which a Registration Default (as defined in the Registration
Rights Agreement) occurs, the interest rate payable on this Note shall increase (in addition to the interest rate set forth above) and additional interest reflecting such increase shall accrue with respect to this Note, as described in the
Registration Rights Agreement, until but not including the date on which all such Registration Defaults shall be cured and cease to exist (and provided no other Registration Default with respect to this Note shall then be continuing), at the rate of
one quarter of one percent (0.25%) per annum during the 90-day period immediately following the occurrence of any Registration Default and shall increase by one quarter of one percent (0.25%) per annum at the
end of each subsequent 90-day period, but in no event shall such increase exceed one percent (1.00%) per annum, which additional interest shall be payable hereon at the times, in the manner and subject to the
same terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Indenture, as though the interest rate set forth above had been increased by such applicable percentage per annum. 

REFERENCE IS HEREBY MADE TO THE FURTHER PROVISIONS OF THIS NOTE SET FORTH ON THE REVERSE HEREOF, WHICH FURTHER PROVISIONS SHALL FOR ALL
PURPOSES HAVE THE SAME EFFECT AS IF SET FORTH AT THIS PLACE. 

A-4 

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Trustee by manual
signature, this Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. 

IN WITNESS
HEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed. 

PUGET ENERGY, INC.

By: 

Name: Jamie Martin

Title: Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

ATTEST:

By: 

Name: Samuel S. Osborne

Title: Corporate Secretary

A-5 

CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This is one of the Notes referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture: 

COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

Dated: 

A-6 

(Reverse Side of Note) 

This Note is one of a duly authorized issue of Senior Secured Notes of the Company, issued and issuable in one or more series under an
Indenture, dated as of December 6, 2010, as supplemented, including by the Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 13, 2025 (collectively, the Indenture), between the Company and Computershare Trust Company, National
Association, as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, to which Indenture reference is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights, limitation of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the Company, the Trustee
and the Holders of the Senior Secured Notes issued thereunder and of the terms upon which said Senior Secured Notes are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered. This Note is one of the series designated on the face hereof as 5.725% Senior
Secured Notes due March 15, 2035 (the Senior Secured Notes) in aggregate principal amount of up to $600,000,000, subject to increase as provided for in the Indenture. Capitalized terms used herein for which no definition is provided
herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Indenture. 

The Notes are secured obligations of the Company. The Notes are secured by a
pledge of Collateral pursuant to the Security Documents referred to in the Indenture. 

The Notes are subject to optional redemption, and
may be the subject of a Change of Control Offer, as further described in the Indenture. 

If an Event of Default with respect to the Notes
of this series shall occur and be continuing, the principal of the Notes of this series may be declared due and payable in the manner, with the effect and subject to the conditions provided in the Indenture. 

The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations
of the Company and the rights of the Holders of the Senior Secured Notes of each series to be affected under the Indenture at any time by the Company and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of
the Outstanding Senior Secured Notes of each series to be affected. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of specified percentages in principal amount of the Outstanding Senior Secured Notes of each series, on behalf of the
Holders of all Senior Secured Notes of such series, to waive compliance by the Company with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this
Note shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Note and of any Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver
is made upon this Note. Without notice to or the consent of any Holder, the Company and the Trustee may amend the Indenture or the Notes for the purpose of curing any ambiguity, or of curing, correcting or supplementing any defective provision
thereof or hereof, or in any manner that the Company and the Trustee may determine that is not inconsistent with the Indenture and the Notes and will not adversely affect the interests of any Holder. 

The Indenture contains certain covenants, including without limitation, covenants with respect to liens and mergers, consolidations and
certain transfers of assets. The Company must furnish to the Trustee annual statements as to the Companys compliance with such limitations in accordance with the terms of the Indenture. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company,
which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and interest on this Note at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. 

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Note is registrable in the Security
Register, upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the Company for such purpose, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Security
Registrar and duly executed by, the Holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Notes of this series, of authorized denominations and of like tenor and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be
issued to the designated transferee or transferees. No service charge shall be made for any such registration of transfer or exchange, but the Company or the Trustee may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental
charge payable in connection therewith. 

A-7 

Prior to due presentment of this Note for registration of transfer, the Company, the Trustee
and any agent of the Company or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Note is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Note be overdue, and neither the Company, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be
affected by notice to the contrary. 

The Senior Secured Notes are issuable only in registered form without coupons in minimum
denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, Senior Secured Notes are exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of Notes of
this series of a different authorized denomination, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same upon surrender of the Senior Secured Note or Notes to be exchanged at the office or agency of the Company. 

This Note shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. The Trustee will furnish to any Holder
upon written request and without charge a copy of the Indenture. Requests may be made to Computershare Trust Company, National Association, Attention: Corporate Trust Office. 

A-8 

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF INTERESTS IN THE GLOBAL NOTE 

The initial outstanding principal amount of this Global Note is $ . The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note
for an interest in another Global Note, or exchanges of a part of another Global Note for an interest in this Global Note, have been made: 

Date of Exchange 

Amount of decrease

in Principal Amount

of this
Global Note 

Amount of

increase in

Principal
Amount

of this Global Note 

Principal Amount

of this Global Note

following such

decrease or

increase 

Signature of

authorized

signatory
of

Trustee or

Custodian

A-9 

EXHIBIT B 

CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This is one of the Notes referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture: 

COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

Dated: 

B-1 

EXHIBIT C 

FORM OF RULE 144A NOTE TO REGULATION S NOTE TRANSFER CERTIFICATE 

Computershare Trust Company, National Association 

1505 Energy
Park Drive 

St. Paul, MN 55108 

Attention: Corporate Trust
Services Puget 5.725% Sr. Secured Notes due 2035 Administrator 

Re: Puget Energy, Inc. 5.725% Senior Secured Notes due
March 15, 2035 (the Notes) 

Reference is hereby made to the Indenture dated as of December 6, 2010 between Puget
Energy, Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, National Association, as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, as supplemented, including by the Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 13, 2025 (collectively,
the Indenture). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Indenture. 

This letter relates to U.S.$ principal amount of the Notes which are held in the form of the Rule 144A Global Note
(CUSIP No. ) with the Depositary in the name or for the account of [insert name of transferor] (the Transferor). The Transferor has requested a transfer or exchange of such beneficial interest for an
interest in the Regulation S Global Note (CINS No. ) to be held with [Euroclear Bank SA/NV, as operator of the Euroclear System] [Clearstream Banking, S.A.] (Common Code ) through the
Depositary. 

In connection with such request and in respect of such Notes, the Transferor does hereby certify that such transfer or
exchange has been effected in accordance with the transfer restrictions set forth in the Indenture and the Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act, and accordingly the Transferor does hereby certify: 

(1) the offer of the Notes was not made to a person in the United States or for the account or benefit of a person in the United States (other
than an initial purchase of the Notes), 

[(2) at the time the buy order was originated, the transferee was outside the United States or
the Transferor and any person acting on its behalf reasonably believed that the transferee was outside the United States,]* 

[(2) the
transaction was executed in, on or through the facilities of a designated offshore securities market and neither the Transferor nor any person acting on its behalf knows that the transaction was pre-arranged
with a buyer in the United States,]* 

(3) no directed selling efforts have been made in contravention of the requirements of Rule 903(b)
or 904(b) of Regulation S, as applicable, and 

(4) the transaction is not part of a plan or scheme to evade the registration requirements
of the Securities Act. 

C-1 

This certificate and the statements contained herein are made for your benefit and the
benefit of the Issuer. 

[Insert Name of Transferor]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Dated: 

cc: Puget Energy, Inc. 

* 

Insert one of these two provisions, which come from the definition of offshore transactions in
Regulation S. 

Signature Guarantee: 

C-2 

EXHIBIT D 

FORM OF REGULATION S NOTE TO RULE 144A NOTE TRANSFER CERTIFICATE 

Computershare Trust Company, National Association 

1505 Energy
Park Drive 

St. Paul, MN 55108 

Attention: Corporate Trust
Services Puget 5.725% Sr. Secured Notes due 2035 Administrator 

Re: Puget Energy, Inc. 5.725% Senior Secured Notes due 2035 (the
Notes) 

Reference is hereby made to the Indenture dated as of December 6, 2010 between Puget Energy, Inc. and
Computershare Trust Company, National Association, as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, as supplemented, including by the Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 13, 2025 (collectively, the
Indenture). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Indenture. 

This
letter relates to U.S.$ principal amount of the Notes which are held in the form of the Regulation S Global Note (CINS No. ) with the Depositary in the name or for the account of [insert name of
transferor] (the Transferor). The Transferor has requested a transfer or exchange of such beneficial interest for an interest in the Rule 144A Global Note (CUSIP No. ). 

The transfer is being effected pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act, and, accordingly, the Transferor hereby
further certifies that the beneficial interest is being transferred to a Person that the Transferor reasonably believes is purchasing the beneficial interest for its own account, or for one or more accounts with respect to which such Person
exercises sole investment discretion, and such Person and each such account is a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, and such transfer is in compliance
with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States. Upon consummation of the proposed transfer in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest will be subject to the restrictions on
transfer enumerated in the legend printed on the Rule 144A Global Note and in the Indenture and the Securities Act. 

D-1 

This certificate and the statements contained herein are made for your benefit and the
benefit of the Issuer. 

[Insert Name of Transferor]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Dated: 

cc: Puget Energy, Inc. 

[ ] 

Signature Guarantee: 

D-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.7
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d879816dex47.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.7
<TEXT>
EX-4.7

Exhibit 4.7 

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 

by and among 

Puget Energy,
Inc. 

and 

Barclays
Capital Inc., 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, 

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, and 

Other Initial Purchasers 

Dated as of March 13, 2025 

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 

This Registration Rights Agreement (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of March 13, 2025, by and
among Puget Energy, Inc., a Washington corporation (the Company), Barclays Capital Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC and the other Initial Purchasers named in Schedule A hereto (collectively, the Initial
Purchasers), each of whom has agreed to purchase the Companys 5.725% Senior Secured Notes due 2035 (the Initial Securities). 

This Agreement is made pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, dated March 10, 2025 (the Purchase Agreement),
among the Company and the Initial Purchasers (i) for the benefit of the Initial Purchasers and (ii) for the benefit of the holders from time to time of the Initial Securities, including the Initial Purchasers. In order to induce the
Initial Purchasers to purchase the Initial Securities, the Company has agreed to provide the registration rights set forth in this Agreement. The execution and delivery of this Agreement is a condition to the obligations of the Initial Purchasers
set forth in Section 5(f) of the Purchase Agreement. 

The parties hereby agree as follows: 

SECTION 1. Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following capitalized terms shall have the following meanings:

Additional Interest: As defined in Section 5 hereof. 

Advice: As defined in Section 6 hereof. 

Broker-Dealer: Any broker or dealer registered under the Exchange Act. 

Business Day: Any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or U.S. federal holiday or a day on which banking institutions or
trust companies located in New York, New York are authorized or obligated to be closed. 

Closing Date: The date of
this Agreement. 

Commission: The Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Consummate: A registered Exchange Offer shall be deemed Consummated for purposes of this Agreement upon the
occurrence of (i) the filing and effectiveness under the Securities Act of the Exchange Offer Registration Statement relating to the Exchange Securities to be issued in the Exchange Offer, (ii) the maintenance of such Exchange Offer
Registration Statement continuously effective and the keeping of the Exchange Offer open for a period not less than the minimum period required pursuant to Section 3(b) hereof, and (iii) the delivery by the Company to the Registrar under
the Indenture of Exchange Securities in the same aggregate principal amount as the aggregate principal amount of Initial Securities that were tendered by Holders thereof pursuant to the Exchange Offer. 

Effectiveness Target Date: As defined in Section 5 hereof. 

1 

Exchange Act: The Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Exchange Offer: The registration by the Company under the Securities Act of the Exchange Securities pursuant to a
Registration Statement pursuant to which the Company offers the Holders of all outstanding Transfer Restricted Securities the opportunity to exchange all such outstanding Transfer Restricted Securities held by such Holders for Exchange Securities in
an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of the Transfer Restricted Securities tendered in such exchange offer by such Holders. 

Exchange Offer Registration Statement: The Registration Statement relating to the Exchange Offer, including the related
Prospectus included therein, all amendments and supplements thereto (including post-effective amendments) and all exhibits and material incorporated by reference therein. 

Exchange Securities: The 5.725% Senior Secured Notes due 2035, of the same series under the Indenture as the Initial
Securities, to be issued to Holders in exchange for Transfer Restricted Securities pursuant to this Agreement. 

FINRA: Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. 

Holders: As defined in Section 2(b) hereof. 

Indemnified Holder: As defined in Section 8(a) hereof. 

Indenture: The Indenture, dated as of December 6, 2010, by and between the Company and Computershare Trust
Company, National Association, as successor trustee to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (the Trustee), as supplemented, including by the Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 13, 2025, pursuant to which the Exchange
Securities are to be issued, as such Indenture is further amended or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 

Initial Purchaser: As defined in the preamble hereto. 

Initial Placement: The issuance and sale by the Company of the Initial Securities to the Initial Purchasers pursuant to
the Purchase Agreement. 

Initial Securities: As defined in the preamble hereto. 

Interest Payment Date: As defined in the Indenture and the Initial Securities. 

Person: An individual, partnership, corporation, trust or unincorporated organization, or a government or agency or
political subdivision thereof. 

Prospectus: The prospectus included in a Registration Statement, as amended or
supplemented by any prospectus supplement and by all other amendments thereto, including post-effective amendments, and all material incorporated by reference into such Prospectus. 

Registration Default: As defined in Section 5 hereof. 

2 

Registration Statement: Any registration statement of the Company
relating to (a) an offering of Exchange Securities pursuant to an Exchange Offer or (b) the registration for resale of Transfer Restricted Securities pursuant to the Shelf Registration Statement, which is filed pursuant to the provisions
of this Agreement, in each case, including the Prospectus included therein, all amendments and supplements thereto (including post-effective amendments) and all exhibits and material incorporated by reference therein. 

Securities Act: The Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Shelf Filing Deadline: As defined in Section 4(a)(x) hereof. 

Shelf Registration Statement: As defined in Section 4(a)(x) hereof. 

Transfer Restricted Securities: Each Initial Security, until the earliest to occur of (a) the date on which such
Initial Security is exchanged in the Exchange Offer for an Exchange Security entitled to be resold to the public by the Holder thereof without complying with the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act, (b) the date on which such
Initial Security has been effectively registered under the Securities Act and disposed of in accordance with a Shelf Registration Statement and (c) the date on which such Initial Security is distributed to the public by a Broker-Dealer pursuant
to the Plan of Distribution, or similarly titled section, contemplated by the Exchange Offer Registration Statement (including delivery of the Prospectus contained therein). 

Trust Indenture Act: The Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended. 

Underwritten Registration or Underwritten Offering: A registration in which securities of the Company are sold to an
underwriter for reoffering to the public. 

SECTION 2. Securities Subject to this Agreement.

(a) Transfer Restricted Securities. The securities entitled to the benefits of this Agreement are the Transfer
Restricted Securities. 

(b) Holders of Transfer Restricted Securities. A Person is deemed to be a holder of
Transfer Restricted Securities (each, a Holder) whenever such Person owns Transfer Restricted Securities. 

SECTION 3. Registered Exchange Offer.

(a) Unless the Company shall reasonably determine that it is not permitted to file the Exchange Offer Registration Statement
or to Consummate the Exchange Offer because the Exchange Offer is not permitted by applicable law or Commission policy, subject to the requirements set forth in Section 6(a) hereof, the Company shall (i) cause to be filed with the
Commission as soon as practicable after the Closing Date, but in no event later than 120 days after the Closing Date (or if such 120th day is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day),
a Registration Statement under the Securities Act relating to the Exchange Securities and the Exchange Offer, (ii) use its best efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become effective at the earliest possible time, but in no event
later than 180 days after the Closing Date (or if such 

3 

180th day is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day), (iii) in connection with the foregoing, file (A) all pre-effective amendments to such Registration Statement as may be necessary in order to cause such Registration Statement to become effective, (B) if applicable, a post-effective amendment to such Registration
Statement pursuant to Rule 430A under the Securities Act and (C) cause all filings in connection with the registration and qualification of the Exchange Securities to be made under the state securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions as
are necessary to permit Consummation of the Exchange Offer, and (iv) upon the effectiveness of such Registration Statement, commence the Exchange Offer. The Exchange Offer shall be on the appropriate form permitting registration of the Exchange
Securities to be offered in exchange for the Transfer Restricted Securities and to permit resales of Initial Securities held by Broker-Dealers as contemplated by Section 3(c) hereof. 

(b) The Company shall cause the Exchange Offer Registration Statement to be effective continuously and shall keep the Exchange
Offer open for a period of not less than the minimum period required under applicable federal and state securities laws to Consummate the Exchange Offer; provided, however, that in no event shall such period be less than 20 Business Days
after the date notice of the Exchange Offer is mailed to the Holders. The Company shall cause the Exchange Offer to comply with all applicable federal and state securities laws. No securities other than the Exchange Securities shall be included in
the Exchange Offer Registration Statement. The Company shall use its best efforts to cause the Exchange Offer to be Consummated on the earliest practicable date after the Exchange Offer Registration Statement has become effective, but in no event
later than 30 days after such date (or if such 30th day is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day). 

(c) The
Company shall indicate in a Plan of Distribution or similar section contained in the Prospectus forming a part of the Exchange Offer Registration Statement that any Broker-Dealer, who holds Initial Securities that are Transfer Restricted
Securities and that were acquired for its own account as a result of market-making activities or other trading activities (other than Transfer Restricted Securities acquired directly from the Company), may exchange such Initial Securities pursuant
to the Exchange Offer; provided, however, such Broker-Dealer may be deemed to be an underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act and must, therefore, deliver a prospectus meeting the requirements of the Securities Act in
connection with any resales of the Exchange Securities received by such Broker-Dealer in the Exchange Offer, which prospectus delivery requirement may be satisfied by the delivery by such Broker-Dealer of the Prospectus contained in the Exchange
Offer Registration Statement. Such Plan of Distribution or similar section shall also contain all other information with respect to such resales by Broker-Dealers that the Commission may require in order to permit such resales pursuant
thereto, but such Plan of Distribution, or similarly titled section, shall not name any such Broker-Dealer or disclose the amount of Initial Securities held by any such Broker-Dealer except to the extent required by the Commission as a
result of a change in policy after the date of this Agreement. 

The Company shall use its best efforts to keep the
Exchange Offer Registration Statement continuously effective, supplemented and amended as required by the provisions of Section 6(c) hereof to the extent necessary to ensure that it is available for resales of Initial Securities acquired by
Broker-Dealers for their own accounts as a result of market-making activities or other trading activities, and to ensure that the Exchange Offer Registration Statement conforms with the requirements of this Agreement, the Securities Act and the
policies, rules and regulations of the 

4 

Commission as announced from time to time, for a period ending on the earlier of (i) 180 days from the date on which the Exchange Offer Registration Statement is declared effective and
(ii) the date on which a Broker-Dealer is no longer required to deliver a prospectus in connection with market-making or other trading activities. 

The Company shall provide sufficient copies of the latest version of such Prospectus to Broker-Dealers promptly upon request
at any time during such 180-day (or shorter as provided in the foregoing sentence) period in order to facilitate such resales. 

SECTION 4. Shelf Registration.

(a) Shelf Registration. If (i) the Company reasonably determines that it is not permitted to file an Exchange
Offer Registration Statement or to Consummate the Exchange Offer because the Exchange Offer is not permitted by applicable law or Commission policy (subject to the requirements of Section 6(a) hereof), (ii) for any other reason the Exchange
Offer is not Consummated within 210 days after the Closing Date (or if such 210th day is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day), or (iii) with respect to any Holder of Transfer
Restricted Securities (A) such Holder is prohibited by applicable law or Commission policy from participating in the Exchange Offer, or (B) such Holder may not resell the Exchange Securities acquired by it in the Exchange Offer to the
public without delivering a prospectus and the Prospectus contained in the Exchange Offer Registration Statement is not appropriate or available for such resales by such Holder, or (C) such Holder is a Broker-Dealer and holds Initial Securities
acquired directly from the Company or one of its affiliates, then the Company shall: 

(x) use its best
efforts to prepare and cause to be filed with the Commission a shelf registration statement pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act, which may be an amendment to the Exchange Offer Registration Statement (in either event, the Shelf
Registration Statement) on or prior to the earliest to occur of (1) in the case of clause (i) above, the 45th day after the date on which the Company determines that it is not
permitted to file the Exchange Offer Registration Statement, (2) in the case of clause (ii) above, the 210th day after the Closing Date (or if such 210th day is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day) and (3) in the case of clause (iii) above, the 45th day after the date on
which the Company receives notice from such a Holder of Transfer Restricted Securities (such earliest date being the Shelf Filing Deadline), which Shelf Registration Statement shall provide for resales of all Transfer Restricted
Securities the Holders of which shall have provided the information required pursuant to Section 4(b) hereof; and 

(y) use its best efforts to cause such Shelf Registration Statement to be declared effective by the Commission
on or before the day after the Shelf Filing Deadline (or if such day is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day). 

The Company shall use its best efforts to keep such Shelf Registration Statement continuously effective, supplemented and
amended as required by the provisions of Sections 6(b) and (c) hereof to the extent necessary to ensure that it is available for resales of Initial Securities by the Holders of Transfer Restricted Securities entitled to the benefit of this
Section 4(a), and to ensure that the Shelf Registration Statement conforms with the requirements of this Agreement, the Securities Act and the policies, rules and regulations of the Commission as announced from

5 

time to time, for a period of at least two years following the effective date of such Shelf Registration Statement (or shorter period that will terminate when all the Initial Securities covered
by such Shelf Registration Statement have been sold pursuant to such Shelf Registration Statement). 

(b) Provision by
Holders of Certain Information in Connection with the Shelf Registration Statement. No Holder of Transfer Restricted Securities may include any of its Transfer Restricted Securities in any Shelf Registration Statement pursuant to this Agreement
unless and until such Holder furnishes to the Company in writing, within 20 Business Days after receipt of a request therefor, such information as the Company may reasonably request for use in connection with any Shelf Registration Statement or
Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus included therein. Each Holder as to which any Shelf Registration Statement is being effected agrees to furnish promptly to the Company all information required to be disclosed in order to make the information
previously furnished to the Company by such Holder not materially misleading. 

SECTION 5. Additional Interest. If
(i) any of the Registration Statements required by this Agreement is not filed with the Commission on or prior to the date specified for such filing in this Agreement, (ii) any of such Registration Statements has not been declared
effective by the Commission on or prior to the date specified for such effectiveness in this Agreement (the Effectiveness Target Date), (iii) the Exchange Offer has not been Consummated by the Company within the time period set forth in
this Agreement, or (iv) any Registration Statement required by this Agreement is filed and declared effective but thereafter the Commission shall have issued a stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Exchange Offer Registration Statement
or the Shelf Registration Statement, as the case may be, or proceedings have been initiated with respect to the Registration Statement under Section 8(d) or 8(e) of the Securities Act (each such event referred to in clauses (i) through
(iv), a Registration Default), the Company hereby agrees that the interest rate borne by the Transfer Restricted Securities shall be increased by 0.25% per annum during the 90-day period
immediately following the occurrence of any Registration Default and shall increase by 0.25% per annum at the end of each subsequent 90-day period, but in no event shall such increase exceed 1.00% per annum
(as applicable, the Additional Interest). Following the cure of all Registration Defaults relating to any particular Transfer Restricted Securities, the interest rate borne by the relevant Transfer Restricted Securities will be reduced
to the original interest rate borne by such Transfer Restricted Securities; provided, however, that, if after any such reduction in interest rate, a different Registration Default occurs, the interest rate borne by the relevant Transfer
Restricted Securities shall again be increased pursuant to the foregoing provisions. 

All obligations of the Company set
forth in the preceding paragraph that are outstanding with respect to any Transfer Restricted Security at the time such security ceases to be a Transfer Restricted Security shall survive until such time as all such obligations with respect to such
security shall have been satisfied in full. 

SECTION 6. Registration Procedures.

(a) Exchange Offer Registration Statement. In connection with the Exchange Offer, the Company shall comply with all of
the provisions of Section 6(c) hereof, shall use its best efforts 

6 

to effect such exchange to permit the sale of Transfer Restricted Securities being sold in accordance with the intended method or methods of distribution thereof, and shall comply with all of the
following provisions: 

(i) If in the reasonable opinion of counsel to the Company there is a question as to
whether the Exchange Offer is permitted by applicable law, the Company hereby agrees to seek a no-action letter or other favorable decision from the Commission allowing the Company to Consummate an Exchange
Offer for such Initial Securities. The Company hereby agrees to pursue the issuance of such a decision to the Commission staff level but shall not be required to take commercially unreasonable action to effect a change of Commission policy. The
Company hereby agrees, however, to (A) participate in telephonic conferences with the Commission, (B) deliver to the Commission staff an analysis prepared by counsel to the Company setting forth the legal bases, if any, upon which such
counsel has concluded that such an Exchange Offer should be permitted and (C) diligently pursue a favorable resolution by the Commission staff of such submission. 

(ii) As a condition to its participation in the Exchange Offer pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, each
Holder of Transfer Restricted Securities shall furnish, upon the request of the Company, prior to the Consummation thereof, a written representation to the Company (which may be contained in the letter of transmittal contemplated by the Exchange
Offer Registration Statement) to the effect that (A) it is not an affiliate of the Company, (B) it is not engaged in, and does not intend to engage in, and has no arrangement or understanding with any Person to participate in, a
distribution of the Exchange Securities to be issued in the Exchange Offer and (C) it is acquiring the Exchange Securities in its ordinary course of business. In addition, all such Holders of Transfer Restricted Securities shall otherwise
cooperate in the Companys preparations for the Exchange Offer. Each Holder hereby acknowledges and agrees that any Broker-Dealer and any such Holder using the Exchange Offer to participate in a distribution of the securities to be acquired in
the Exchange Offer (1) could not under Commission policy as in effect on the date of this Agreement rely on the position of the Commission enunciated in Morgan Stanley and Co., Inc. (available June 5, 1991) and Exxon Capital
Holdings Corporation (available May 13, 1988), as interpreted in the Commissions letter to Shearman & Sterling dated July 2, 1993, and similar no-action letters (which may include
any no-action letter obtained pursuant to clause (i) above), and (2) must comply with the registration and prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act in connection with a secondary resale
transaction and that such a secondary resale transaction should be covered by an effective registration statement containing the selling security holder information required by Item 507 or 508, as applicable, of Regulation S-K if the resales are of Exchange Securities obtained by such Holder in exchange for Initial Securities acquired by such Holder directly from the Company. 

(b) Shelf Registration Statement. In connection with the Shelf Registration Statement, the Company shall comply with
all the provisions of Section 6(c) hereof and shall use its best efforts to effect such registration to permit the sale of the Transfer Restricted Securities being sold in accordance with the intended method or methods of distribution thereof,
and pursuant thereto the Company will as expeditiously as possible prepare and file with the Commission a Registration Statement relating to the registration on any appropriate form under the Securities Act, which form

7 

shall be available for the sale of the Transfer Restricted Securities in accordance with the intended method or methods of distribution thereof. 

(c) General Provisions. In connection with any Registration Statement and any Prospectus required by this Agreement to
permit the sale or resale of Transfer Restricted Securities (including, without limitation, any Registration Statement and the related Prospectus required to permit resales of Initial Securities by Broker-Dealers), the Company shall: 

(i) use its best efforts to keep such Registration Statement continuously effective and provide all requisite
financial statements for the period specified in Section 3 or 4 hereof, as applicable; upon the occurrence of any event that would cause any such Registration Statement or the Prospectus contained therein (A) to contain a material
misstatement or omission or (B) not to be effective and usable for resale of Transfer Restricted Securities during the period required by this Agreement, the Company shall file promptly an appropriate amendment to such Registration Statement,
in the case of clause (A), correcting any such misstatement or omission, and, in the case of either clause (A) or (B), use its best efforts to cause such amendment to be declared effective and such Registration Statement and the related
Prospectus to become usable for their intended purpose(s) as soon as practicable thereafter; 

(ii) prepare
and file with the Commission such amendments and post-effective amendments to the applicable Registration Statement as may be necessary to keep the Registration Statement effective for the applicable period set forth in Section 3 or 4 hereof,
as applicable, or such shorter period as will terminate when all Transfer Restricted Securities covered by such Registration Statement have been sold; cause the Prospectus to be supplemented by any required Prospectus supplement, and as so
supplemented to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act, and to comply fully with the applicable provisions of Rules 424 and 430A under the Securities Act in a timely manner; and comply with the provisions of the Securities Act with
respect to the disposition of all securities covered by such Registration Statement during the applicable period in accordance with the intended method or methods of distribution by the sellers thereof set forth in such Registration Statement or
supplement to the Prospectus; 

(iii) advise the underwriter(s), if any, and selling Holders promptly and,
if requested by such Persons, to confirm such advice in writing, (A) when the Prospectus or any Prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment has been filed, and, with respect to any Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment
thereto, when the same has become effective, (B) of any request by the Commission for amendments to a Registration Statement or amendments or supplements to the Prospectus or for additional information relating thereto, (C) of the issuance
by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of a Registration Statement under the Securities Act or of the suspension by any state securities commission of the qualification of the Transfer Restricted Securities for offering or
sale in any jurisdiction, or the initiation of any proceeding for any of the preceding purposes or (D) of the existence of any fact or the happening of any event that makes any statement of a material fact made in a Registration Statement,
Prospectus, any amendment or supplement thereto, or any document incorporated by reference therein untrue, or that requires the making of any additions to or changes in a Registration 

8 

Statement or Prospectus in order to make the statements therein not misleading. If at any time the Commission shall issue any stop order suspending the effectiveness of a Registration Statement,
or any state securities commission or other regulatory authority shall issue an order suspending the qualification or exemption from qualification of the Transfer Restricted Securities under state securities or blue sky laws, the Company shall use
its best efforts to obtain the withdrawal or lifting of such order at the earliest possible time; 

(iv)
furnish via e-mail or other delivery method as determined by the Company without charge to each of the representatives of the Initial Purchasers set forth in Section 12 of the Purchase Agreement, each
selling Holder named in any Registration Statement and each of the underwriter(s), if any, before filing with the Commission, copies of any Registration Statement or any Prospectus included therein or any amendments or supplements to any such
Registration Statement or Prospectus (including all documents incorporated by reference after the initial filing of such Registration Statement), which documents will be subject to the review and comment of such Holders and underwriter(s) in
connection with such sale, if any, for a period of at least two Business Days, and the Company will not file any such Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement to any such Registration Statement or Prospectus to which an
Initial Purchaser of Transfer Restricted Securities covered by such Registration Statement or the underwriter(s), if any, shall reasonably object in writing within two Business Days after the receipt thereof (such objection to be deemed timely made
upon confirmation of telecopy transmission within such period). The objection of an Initial Purchaser or underwriter, if any, shall be deemed to be reasonable if such Registration Statement, amendment, Prospectus or supplement, as applicable, as
proposed to be filed, contains a material misstatement or omission; 

(v) upon request, promptly provide
copies of any document that is to be incorporated by reference into a Registration Statement or Prospectus to the Initial Purchasers, each selling Holder named in any Registration Statement and to the underwriter(s), if any, and make the
Companys representatives available for discussion of such document and other customary due diligence matters, and include such information in such document prior to the filing thereof as such selling Holders or underwriter(s), if any,
reasonably may request; 

(vi) make available at reasonable times, for inspection by the Initial Purchasers,
the managing underwriter(s), if any, participating in any disposition pursuant to such Registration Statement and any attorney or accountant retained by such Initial Purchasers or any of the underwriter(s) (each, an Inspector), all
financial and other records, pertinent corporate documents and properties of the Company and cause the Companys officers, directors and employees to supply all information reasonably requested by any such Holder, underwriter, attorney or
accountant in connection with such Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto subsequent to the filing thereof and prior to its effectiveness and to participate in meetings with investors to the extent requested by the managing
underwriter(s), if any; records that the Company determines, in good faith, to be confidential and which it notifies the Inspectors are confidential shall not be disclosed by the Inspectors (and the Inspectors shall confirm their agreement in
writing in advance to 

9 

the Company if the Company shall so request) unless (x) the disclosure of such records is necessary, in the Inspectors judgment based upon the advice of counsel, to avoid or correct a
misstatement or omission in such Registration Statement, (y) the release of such records is ordered pursuant to a subpoena or other order from a court of competent jurisdiction or (z) the information in such records has been made generally
available to the public; and each Initial Purchaser agrees that it shall, upon learning that disclosure of such records is sought in a court of competent jurisdiction, if legally permitted, give notice to the Company and allow the Company, at the
Companys expense, to undertake appropriate action to prevent disclosure of the records deemed confidential; 

(vii) if requested by any selling Holders or the underwriter(s), if any, promptly incorporate in any
Registration Statement or Prospectus, pursuant to a supplement or post-effective amendment if necessary, such information as such selling Holders or underwriter(s), if any, may reasonably request to have included therein, including, without
limitation, information relating to the Plan of Distribution, or similarly titled section, of the Transfer Restricted Securities, information with respect to the principal amount of Transfer Restricted Securities being sold to such
underwriter(s), the purchase price being paid therefor and any other terms of the offering of the Transfer Restricted Securities to be sold in such offering; and make all required filings of such Prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment as
soon as practicable after the Company is notified of the matters to be incorporated in such Prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment; 

(viii) furnish to each Initial Purchaser, each selling Holder and each of the underwriter(s), if any, without
charge, at least one copy of any Registration Statement, as first filed with the Commission, and of each amendment thereto, including financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated by reference therein and if requested, all exhibits
(including exhibits incorporated therein by reference); 

(ix) deliver to each selling Holder and each of
the underwriter(s), if any, without charge, as many copies of the Prospectus (including each preliminary Prospectus) and any amendment or supplement thereto as such Persons reasonably may request; the Company hereby consents to the use of the
Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto by each of the selling Holders and each of the underwriter(s), if any, in connection with the offering and the sale of the Transfer Restricted Securities covered by the Prospectus or any amendment
or supplement thereto; 

(x) in the case of any Shelf Registration Statement, enter into such agreements
(including an underwriting agreement), and make such representations and warranties, and take all such other actions in connection therewith in order to expedite or facilitate the disposition of the Transfer Restricted Securities pursuant to any
Shelf Registration Statement contemplated by this Agreement, all to such extent as may be requested by any Initial Purchaser or by any Holder of Transfer Restricted Securities or underwriter in connection with any sale or resale pursuant to any
Shelf Registration Statement contemplated by this Agreement; and whether or not an underwriting agreement is entered into and whether or not the registration is an Underwritten Registration, the Company shall: 

10 

(A) furnish to each Initial Purchaser, each selling Holder
and each underwriter, if any, in such substance and scope as they may request and as are customarily made by issuers to underwriters in primary underwritten offerings, upon the date of the effectiveness of the Shelf Registration Statement: 

(1) a certificate, dated the date of effectiveness of the Shelf Registration Statement, signed by (y) the
President or any Vice President and (z) a principal financial or accounting officer of the Company or Treasurer of the Company, confirming, as of the date thereof, the matters set forth in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) of
Section 5(e) of the Purchase Agreement and such other matters as such parties may reasonably request; 

(2) an opinion, dated the date of effectiveness of the Shelf Registration Statement, of counsel for the
Company, covering the matters set forth in Section 5(c) of and Exhibit A to the Purchase Agreement and such other matter as such parties may reasonably request, and in any event including a statement to the effect that such counsel has
participated in conferences with officers and other representatives of the Company, representatives of the independent public accountants for the Company, representatives of the underwriter(s), if any, and counsel to the underwriter(s), if any, in
connection with the preparation of such Shelf Registration Statement and the related Prospectus and have considered the matters required to be stated therein and the statements contained therein, although such counsel has not independently verified
the accuracy, completeness or fairness of such statements; and that such counsel advises that, on the basis of the foregoing, nothing has come to such counsels attention that caused such counsel to believe that the applicable Shelf
Registration Statement, at the time such Shelf Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto became effective contained an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated herein or
necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, and, that the Prospectus contained in such Shelf Registration Statement as of its date contained an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading. Without limiting the foregoing, such counsel may state further that such counsel assumes no responsibility for, and has not independently verified,
the accuracy, completeness or fairness of the financial statements and financial schedules and other financial information included in any Shelf Registration Statement contemplated by this Agreement or the related Prospectus; and 

(3) a customary comfort letter, dated the date of the effectiveness of the Shelf Registration Statement, from
the Companys independent accountants, in the customary form and covering matters of the type customarily requested to be covered in comfort letters by underwriters 

11 

in connection with primary underwritten offerings, and covering or affirming the matters set forth in the comfort letters delivered pursuant to Section 5(a) of the Purchase Agreement,
without exception; 

(B) set forth in full or incorporate by reference in the underwriting agreement, if
any, the indemnification provisions and procedures of Section 8 hereof with respect to all parties to be indemnified pursuant to said Section; and 

(C) deliver such other documents and certificates as may be reasonably requested by such parties to evidence
compliance with Section 6(c)(x)(A) hereof and with any customary conditions contained in the underwriting agreement or other agreement entered into by the Company pursuant to this Section 6(c)(x), if any. 

If at any time the representations and warranties of the Company contemplated in Section 6(c)(x)(A)(1)
hereof cease to be true and correct, the Company shall so advise the Initial Purchasers and the underwriter(s), if any, and each selling Holder promptly and, if requested by such Persons, shall confirm such advice in writing; 

(xi) prior to any public offering of Transfer Restricted Securities, cooperate with the selling Holders, the
underwriter(s), if any, and their respective counsel in connection with the registration and qualification of the Transfer Restricted Securities under the state securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions as the selling Holders or
underwriter(s), if any, may request and do any and all other acts or things necessary or advisable to enable the disposition in such jurisdictions of the Transfer Restricted Securities covered by the Registration Statement; provided, however,
that the Company shall not be required to register or qualify as a foreign corporation where it is not then so qualified or to take any action that would subject it to the service of process in suits or to taxation, other than as to matters and
transactions relating to the Registration Statement, in any jurisdiction where it is not then so subject; 

(xii) shall issue, upon the request of any Holder of Initial Securities covered by the Registration Statement,
Exchange Securities having an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of Initial Securities surrendered to the Company by such Holder in exchange therefor or being sold by such Holder; such Exchange Securities to be
registered in the name of such Holder or in the name of the purchaser(s) of such Exchange Securities, as the case may be; in return, the Initial Securities held by such Holder shall be surrendered to the Company for cancellation; 

(xiii) cooperate with the selling Holders and the underwriter(s), if any, to facilitate the timely preparation
and delivery of certificates representing Transfer Restricted Securities to be sold and not bearing any restrictive legends; and enable such Transfer Restricted Securities to be in such denominations and registered in such names as the Holders or
the underwriter(s), if any, may request at least two Business Days prior to any sale of Transfer Restricted Securities made by such Holders or underwriter(s); 

(xiv) use its best efforts to cause the Transfer Restricted Securities covered by the Registration Statement to
be registered with or approved by such other governmental 

12 

agencies or authorities as may be necessary to enable the seller or sellers thereof or the underwriter(s), if any, to consummate the disposition of such Transfer Restricted Securities, subject to
the proviso contained in Section 6(c)(xi) hereof; 

(xv) if any fact or event contemplated by
Section 6(c)(iii)(D) hereof shall exist or have occurred, prepare a supplement or post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement or related Prospectus or any document incorporated therein by reference or file any other required document
so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of Transfer Restricted Securities, the Prospectus will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein not
misleading; 

(xvi) provide a CUSIP number for all Transfer Restricted Securities not later than the
effective date of the Registration Statement covering such Transfer Restricted Securities and provide the Trustee under the Indenture with printed certificates for such securities which are in a form eligible for deposit with The Depository Trust
Company and take all other action necessary to ensure that all such Transfer Restricted Securities are eligible for deposit with The Depository Trust Company; 

(xvii) cooperate and assist in any filings required to be made with FINRA and in the performance of any due
diligence investigation by any underwriter (including any qualified independent underwriter) that is required to be retained in accordance with the rules and regulations of FINRA; 

(xviii) otherwise use its best efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the Commission,
and make generally available to its security holders, as soon as practicable, a consolidated earnings statement meeting the requirements of Rule 158 (which need not be audited) for the twelve-month period (A) commencing at the end of any fiscal
quarter in which Transfer Restricted Securities are sold to underwriters in a firm commitment or best efforts Underwritten Offering or (B) if not sold to underwriters in such an offering, beginning with the first month of the Companys
first fiscal quarter commencing after the effective date of the Registration Statement; 

(xix) to the
extent required under the Securities Act and/or the Trust Indenture Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, cause the Indenture to be qualified under the Trust Indenture Act not later than the effective date of the first Registration Statement
required by this Agreement, and, in connection therewith, cooperate with the Trustee and the Holders of Transfer Restricted Securities to effect such changes to the Indenture as may be required for such Indenture to be so qualified in accordance
with the terms of the Trust Indenture Act; and to execute, and use its best efforts to cause the Trustee to execute, all documents that may be required to effect such changes and all other forms and documents required to be filed with the Commission
to enable such Indenture to be so qualified in a timely manner; 

(xx) provide promptly to each Holder upon
request each document filed with the Commission pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 and Section 15 of the Exchange Act. 

13 

Each Holder agrees by acquisition of a Transfer Restricted Security that,
upon receipt of any notice from the Company of the existence of any fact of the kind described in Section 6(c)(iii)(D) hereof, such Holder will forthwith discontinue disposition of Transfer Restricted Securities pursuant to the applicable
Registration Statement until such Holders receipt of the copies of the supplemented or amended Prospectus contemplated by Section 6(c)(xv) hereof, or until it is advised in writing (the Advice) by the Company that the use of
the Prospectus may be resumed, and has received copies of any additional or supplemental filings that are incorporated by reference in the Prospectus. If so directed by the Company, each Holder will deliver to the Company (at the Companys
expense) all copies, other than permanent file copies then in such Holders possession, of the Prospectus covering such Transfer Restricted Securities that was current at the time of receipt of such notice. In the event the Company shall give
any such notice, the time period regarding the effectiveness of such Registration Statement set forth in Section 3 or 4 hereof, as applicable, shall be extended by the number of days during the period from and including the date of the giving
of such notice pursuant to Section 6(c)(iii)(D) hereof to and including the date when each selling Holder covered by such Registration Statement shall have received the copies of the supplemented or amended Prospectus contemplated by
Section 6(c)(xv) hereof or shall have received the Advice; provided, however, that no such extension shall be taken into account in determining whether Additional Interest is due pursuant to Section 5 hereof or the amount of such
Additional Interest, itbeingagreed that the Companys option to suspend use of a Registration Statement pursuant to this paragraph shall be treated as a Registration Default for purposes of Section 5 hereof. 

SECTION 7. Registration Expenses.

(a) All expenses incident to the Companys performance of or compliance with this Agreement will be borne by the Company,
regardless of whether a Registration Statement becomes effective, including, without limitation: (i) all registration and filing fees and expenses (including filings made by any Initial Purchaser or Holder with FINRA (and, if applicable, the
fees and expenses of any qualified independent underwriter and its counsel that may be required by the rules and regulations of FINRA)); (ii) all fees and expenses of compliance with federal securities and state securities or blue sky
laws; (iii) all expenses of printing (including printing certificates for the Exchange Securities to be issued in the Exchange Offer and printing of Prospectuses), messenger and delivery services and telephone; (iv) all fees and
disbursements of counsel for the Company and, subject to Section 7(b) hereof, the Holders of Transfer Restricted Securities; (v) all application and filing fees in connection with listing the Exchange Securities on a securities exchange or
automated quotation system pursuant to the requirements thereof; and (vi) all fees and disbursements of independent certified public accountants of the Company (including the expenses of any special audit and comfort letters required by or
incident to such performance). 

The Company will, in any event, bear its internal expenses (including, without limitation,
all salaries and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expenses of any annual audit and the fees and expenses of any Person, including special experts, retained by the Company. 

(b) In connection with any Registration Statement required by this Agreement (including, without limitation, the Exchange
Offer Registration Statement and the Shelf Registration Statement), the Company will reimburse the Initial Purchasers and the Holders of 

14 

Transfer Restricted Securities being tendered in the Exchange Offer and/or resold pursuant to the Plan of Distribution, or similarly titled section, contained in the Exchange Offer
Registration Statement or registered pursuant to the Shelf Registration Statement, as applicable, for the reasonable fees and disbursements of not more than one counsel as may be chosen by the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the
Transfer Restricted Securities for whose benefit such Registration Statement is being prepared. 

SECTION 8.
Indemnification.

(a) The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless (i) each Holder and each Initial
Purchaser, (ii) each Person, if any, who controls (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) any Holder or any Initial Purchaser (any of the Persons referred to in this clause
(ii) being hereinafter referred to as a Holder controlling person) and (iii) their respective officers, directors, partners, employees, representatives and agents of any Holder, any Initial Purchaser or any Holder controlling
person (any Person referred to in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) may hereinafter be referred to as an Indemnified Holder), to the fullest extent lawful, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, judgments,
actions and expenses (including, without limitation, and as incurred, reimbursement of all reasonable costs of investigating, preparing, pursuing, settling, compromising, paying or defending any claim or action, or any investigation or proceeding by
any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened, including the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel to any Indemnified Holder), insofar as such losses, claims, damages, liabilities, judgments, actions and expenses arise out of or are
based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Registration Statement or Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), or any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, except insofar as such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are caused by (x) an untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or
omission that is made in reliance upon and in conformity with information relating to any of the Holders, or information relating to any Initial Purchaser, furnished in writing to the Company by any of the Holders or by any of the Initial
Purchasers, respectively, expressly for use therein, or (y) use of a Registration Statement or the related Prospectus during a period when a stop order has been issued in respect of such Registration Statement or any proceedings for that
purpose have been initiated; provided, that Holders or the Initial Purchasers, as applicable, received prior notice of such stop order or initiation of proceedings, and; provided, further, that the Company shall have the burden of
proving that the Holders or the Initial Purchasers, as applicable, actually received such notice before any Holder or any Initial Purchaser loses its right to indemnification hereunder, which burden shall have been satisfied by showing that the
Company delivered such notice in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. This indemnity agreement shall be in addition to any liability which the Company may otherwise have. 

In case any action or proceeding (including any governmental or regulatory investigation or proceeding) shall be brought or
asserted against any of the Indemnified Holders with respect to which indemnity may be sought against the Company, such Indemnified Holder (or the Indemnified Holder controlled by such Holder controlling person) shall promptly notify the Company in
writing; provided, however, that the failure to give such notice shall not relieve the Company of its obligations pursuant to this Agreement. Such Indemnified Holder shall have the right to employ its own counsel in any such action and the
fees and expenses of such counsel shall 

15 

be paid, as incurred, by the Company (regardless of whether it is ultimately determined that an Indemnified Holder is not entitled to indemnification hereunder); provided, further, that
such counsel shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company. The Company shall not, in connection with any one such action or proceeding or separate but substantially similar or related actions or proceedings in the same jurisdiction arising out of
the same general allegations or circumstances, be liable for the reasonable fees and expenses of more than one separate firm of attorneys (in addition to any local counsel) at any time for such Indemnified Holders, which firm shall be designated by
the Holders. The Company shall be liable for any settlement of any such action or proceeding effected with the Companys prior written consent, which consent shall not be withheld unreasonably, and the Company agrees to indemnify and hold
harmless any Indemnified Holder from and against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense by reason of any settlement of any action effected with the written consent of the Company. The Company shall not, without the prior written consent of
each Indemnified Holder, settle or compromise or consent to the entry of judgment in or otherwise seek to terminate any pending or threatened action, claim, litigation or proceeding in respect of which indemnification or contribution may be sought
hereunder (whether or not any Indemnified Holder is a party thereto), unless such settlement, compromise, consent or termination includes an unconditional release of each Indemnified Holder from all liability arising out of such action, claim,
litigation or proceeding. 

(b) Each Holder of Transfer Restricted Securities agrees, severally and not jointly, to
indemnify and hold harmless (i) the Company and its directors, officers of the Company who sign a Registration Statement, (ii) any Initial Purchaser, (iii) any Person who controls (within the meaning of Section 15 of the
Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) the Company or any Initial Purchaser (any of the Persons referred to in this clause (iii) being hereinafter referred to as a Company controlling person) and (iv) their
respective officers, directors, partners, employees, representatives and agents of each such Person, to the same extent as the foregoing indemnity from the Company to each of the Indemnified Holders, but only with respect to claims and actions based
on information relating to such Holder furnished in writing by such Holder expressly for use in any Registration Statement. In case any action or proceeding shall be brought against the Company or its directors or officers or any such Company
controlling person in respect of which indemnity may be sought against a Holder of Transfer Restricted Securities such Holder shall have the rights and duties given the Company, and the Company, its directors and officers and such Company
controlling person shall have the rights and duties given to each Holder by the preceding paragraph. 

(c) If the
indemnification provided for in this Section 8 is unavailable to an indemnified party under Section 8(a) or (b) hereof (other than by reason of exceptions provided in those Sections) in respect of any losses, claims, damages,
liabilities, judgments, actions or expenses referred to therein, then each applicable indemnifying party, in lieu of indemnifying such indemnified party, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such indemnified party as a result of such
losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Holders, on the other hand, from the Initial Placement (which in the case of the
Company shall be deemed to be equal to the total gross proceeds to the Company from the Initial Placement), the amount of Additional Interest which did not become payable as a result of the filing of the Registration Statement resulting in such
losses, claims, damages, liabilities, judgments actions or expenses, and such Registration Statement, or if such allocation is not permitted by applicable law, the relative 

16 

fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Holders, on the other hand, in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses,
as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Company on the one hand and of the Indemnified Holder on the other shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue
statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company, on the one hand, or the Indemnified Holders, on the other hand, and the parties relative intent,
knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of the losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses referred to above shall be deemed to
include, subject to the limitations set forth in the second paragraph of Section 8(a) hereof, any legal or other fees or expenses reasonably incurred by such party in connection with investigating or defending any action or claim. 

The Company and each Holder of Transfer Restricted Securities agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution
pursuant to this Section 8(c) were determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Holders were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to
in the immediately preceding paragraph. The amount paid or payable by an indemnified party as a result of the losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses referred to in the immediately preceding paragraph shall be deemed to include, subject to
the limitations set forth above, any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating or defending any such action or claim. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 8, none of the
Holders (and its related Indemnified Holders) shall be required to contribute, in the aggregate, any amount in excess of the amount by which the total discount received by such Holder with respect to the Initial Securities exceeds the amount of any
damages which such Holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. No Person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the
Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any Person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. The Holders obligations to contribute pursuant to this Section 8(c) are several in proportion to the respective
principal amount of Initial Securities held by each of the Holders hereunder and not joint. 

SECTION 9. Rule 144A.
The Company hereby agrees with each Holder, for so long as any Transfer Restricted Securities remain outstanding, to make available to any Holder or beneficial owner of Transfer Restricted Securities in connection with any sale thereof and any
prospective purchaser of such Transfer Restricted Securities from such Holder or beneficial owner the information required by Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act in order to permit resales of such Transfer Restricted Securities pursuant to Rule
144A under the Securities Act. 

SECTION 10. Participation in Underwritten Registrations. No Holder may participate
in any Underwritten Registration hereunder unless such Holder (a) agrees to sell such Holders Transfer Restricted Securities on the basis provided in any underwriting arrangements approved by the Persons entitled hereunder to approve such
arrangements and (b) completes and executes 

17 

all reasonable questionnaires, powers of attorney, indemnities, underwriting agreements, lock-up letters and other documents required under the terms of
such underwriting arrangements. 

SECTION 11. Selection of Underwriters. The Holders of Transfer Restricted
Securities covered by the Registration Statement who desire to do so may sell such Transfer Restricted Securities in an Underwritten Offering. In any such Underwritten Offering, the investment banker(s) and managing underwriter(s) that will
administer such offering will be selected by the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Transfer Restricted Securities included in such offering; provided, however, that such investment banker(s) and managing
underwriter(s) must be reasonably satisfactory to the Company. 

SECTION 12. Miscellaneous. 

(a) Remedies. The Company hereby agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred
by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Agreement and hereby agrees to waive the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate. 

(b) No Inconsistent Agreements. The Company will not on or after the date of this Agreement enter into any agreement
with respect to its securities that is inconsistent with the rights granted to the Holders in this Agreement or otherwise conflicts with the provisions hereof. The Company has not previously entered into any agreement granting any registration
rights with respect to its securities to any Person, other than any agreement under which the Company has no existing obligations to register any securities. The rights granted to the Holders hereunder do not in any way conflict with and are not
inconsistent with the rights granted to the holders of the Companys securities under any agreement in effect on the date hereof. 

(c) Adjustments Affecting the Securities. The Company will not take any action, or permit any change to occur, with
respect to the terms or provisions of the Transfer Restricted Securities that would materially and adversely affect the ability of the Holders to Consummate any Exchange Offer. 

(d) Amendments and Waivers. The provisions of this Agreement may not be amended, modified or supplemented, and waivers
or consents to or departures from the provisions hereof may not be given, unless the Company has (i) in the case of Section 5 hereof and this Section 12(d)(i), obtained the written consent of Holders of all outstanding Transfer
Restricted Securities and (ii) in the case of all other provisions hereof, obtained the written consent of Holders of a majority of the outstanding principal amount of Transfer Restricted Securities (excluding any Transfer Restricted Securities
held by the Company or its affiliates). Notwithstanding the foregoing, a waiver or consent to departure from the provisions hereof that relates exclusively to the rights of Holders whose securities are being tendered pursuant to the Exchange Offer
and that does not affect directly or indirectly the rights of other Holders whose securities are not being tendered pursuant to such Exchange Offer may be given by the Holders of a majority of the outstanding principal amount of Transfer Restricted
Securities being tendered or registered; provided, however, that, with respect to any matter that directly or indirectly adversely affects the rights of any Initial Purchaser hereunder, the Company shall obtain the written consent of each

18 

such Initial Purchaser with respect to which such amendment, qualification, supplement, waiver, consent or departure is to be effective. 

(e) Notices. All notices and other communications provided for or permitted hereunder shall be made in writing by
hand-delivery, first-class mail (registered or certified, return receipt requested), telex, telecopier, or air courier guaranteeing overnight delivery: 

(i) if to a Holder, at the address set forth on the records of the Registrar under the Indenture, with a copy
to the Registrar under the Indenture; 

(ii) if to the Initial Purchasers, to the representatives at the
respective addresses set forth in Section 12 of the Purchase Agreement; provided, however, that any documents or information required by Section 6(c)(iv) of this Agreement may be furnished by
e-mail;

(iii) 

if to the Company: 

Puget Energy, Inc. 

355 110th Avenue NE 

Bellevue, Washington 98004 

Fax No.: (425) 462-3300

Attention: Cara Peterman, Director, Chief Risk Officer and Corporate 

Treasurer 

With a copy to: 

Perkins Coie LLP 

1201 Third Avenue, Suite 4900 

Seattle, Washington 98101 

Fax No.: (206) 359-8577

Attention: Andrew Bor, Esq. 

All such notices and communications shall be deemed to have been duly given: at the time delivered by hand, if personally
delivered; five Business Days after being deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, if mailed; when answered back, if telexed; when receipt acknowledged, if faxed; and on the next Business Day, if timely delivered to an air courier guaranteeing
overnight delivery. 

Copies of all such notices, demands or other communications shall be concurrently delivered by the
Person giving the same to the Trustee at the address specified in the Indenture. 

(f) Successors and Assigns. This
Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and assigns of each of the parties, including, without limitation, and without the need for an express assignment, subsequent Holders of Transfer Restricted Securities;
provided, however, that this Agreement shall not inure to the benefit of or be binding upon a successor or assign of a Holder unless and to the extent such successor or assign acquired Transfer Restricted Securities from such Holder. 

(g) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the parties hereto in separate
counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to 

19 

be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by telecopier, facsimile or
other electronic transmission (i.e., a pdf or tif) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart thereof. 

(h) Headings. The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise
affect the meaning hereof. 

(i) Governing Law. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH
THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICTS OF LAW RULES THEREOF. 

(j) Severability. In the
event that any one or more of the provisions contained herein, or the application thereof in any circumstance, is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of any such provision in every other respect and of
the remaining provisions contained herein shall not be affected or impaired thereby. 

(k) Entire Agreement. This
Agreement is intended by the parties as a final expression of their agreement and intended to be a complete and exclusive statement of the agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein. There are
no restrictions, promises, warranties or undertakings, other than those set forth or referred to herein with respect to the registration rights granted by the Company with respect to the Transfer Restricted Securities. This Agreement supersedes all
prior agreements and understandings between the parties with respect to such subject matter. 

20 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date
first written above. 

PUGET ENERGY, INC.

By: 

/s/ Cara Peterman

Name: Cara Peterman

Title: Director, Chief Risk Officer and Corporate Treasurer

The foregoing Registration Rights Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the
date first above written: 

BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC.

By: 

/s/ John Lembeck

Name: 

John Lembeck

Title: 

Managing Director

J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC

By: 

/s/ Som Bhattacharyya

Name: 

Som Bhattacharyya

Title: 

Executive Director

WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC

By: 

/s/ Carolyn Hurley

Name: 

Carolyn Hurley

Title: 

Managing Director

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement] 

SCHEDULE A 

Name of Initial Purchasers 

Barclays Capital Inc. 

J.P.
Morgan Securities LLC 

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 

Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. 

TD
Securities (USA) LLC 

M&T Securities, Inc.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d879816dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

March 10, 2025 

Barclays Capital Inc. 

745 Seventh Avenue 

New York, New York 10019 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 

383 Madison Avenue 

New York, New York 10179 

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 

550 South Tryon Street, 5th Floor 

Charlotte, North Carolina
28202 

As Representatives of the several Initial Purchasers named in Schedule A hereto 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Introductory.
Puget Energy, Inc., a Washington corporation (the Company), proposes to issue and sell to Barclays Capital Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, and other several Initial Purchasers named in Schedule A
(collectively, the Initial Purchasers), acting severally and not jointly, the respective amounts set forth in such Schedule A of $600,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Companys 5.725% Senior Secured Notes due
March 15, 2035 (the Securities). Barclays Capital Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC have agreed to act as the representatives of the Initial Purchasers (the Representatives)
in connection with the offering and sale of the Securities. 

The Securities will be issued pursuant to an indenture, dated as of
December 6, 2010 (the Original Indenture), as previously supplemented and as to be supplemented by an Eighth Supplemental Indenture, to be dated as of March 13, 2025 (the Supplemental Indenture and,
together with the Original Indenture, the Indenture), each between the Company and Computershare Trust Company, National Association, as successor trustee to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (the Trustee).
The Securities will be issued only in book-entry form in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee of The Depository Trust Company (the Depositary). 

The holders of the Securities will be entitled to the benefits of a registration rights agreement, to be dated as of March 13, 2025 (the
Registration Rights Agreement), among the Company and the Initial Purchasers, pursuant to which the Company may be required to file with the Commission (as defined below), under the circumstances set forth therein, (i) a
registration statement under the Securities Act (as defined below) relating to a series of debt securities of the Company with terms substantially identical to the Securities (the Exchange Securities) to be offered in exchange for
the Securities (the Exchange Offer) and (ii) a shelf 

registration statement pursuant to Rule 415 of the Securities Act relating to the resale by certain holders of the Securities, and, in each case, to use its best efforts to cause such
registration statements to be declared effective. All references herein to the Exchange Securities and the Exchange Offer are only applicable if the Company is in fact required to consummate the Exchange Offer pursuant to the terms of the
Registration Rights Agreement. 

The Company has agreed to secure the Securities by granting to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as collateral
agent (the Collateral Agent), as successor to Barclays Bank PLC, for the benefit of the Trustee on behalf of the holders of the Securities, a first priority security interest in (i) substantially all of the tangible and
intangible assets of the Company other than real property, subject to certain agreed upon exceptions and, if material, disclosed in the Pricing Disclosure Package (as defined below) and the Final Offering Memorandum (as defined below) (the
Security Agreement Collateral), pursuant to an Amended and Restated Borrower Security Agreement, dated as of February 6, 2009, as amended and restated as of May 10, 2010, and as further amended as of February 10,
2012, between the Company and the Collateral Agent (the Security Agreement) and (ii) all of the equity interests in the Company (the Pledge Agreement Collateral, and together with the Security Agreement
Collateral, the Collateral) pursuant to an Amended and Restated Pledge Agreement, dated as of February 6, 2009, as amended and restated as of May 10, 2010, and as further amended as of February 10, 2012 (the
Pledge Agreement), between Puget Equico LLC (Puget Equico) and the Collateral Agent, which security interests shall be shared equally and ratably with the Companys other secured obligations pursuant to an
Amended and Restated Collateral Agency Agreement, dated as of February 6, 2009, as amended and restated as of May 10, 2010, and as further amended as of February 10, 2012, among the Company, Puget Equico, the Collateral Agent and
certain other parties from time to time party thereto (as supplemented by a Joinder Agreement thereto, dated as of December 6, 2010 (the Joinder Agreement), the Collateral Agency Agreement; and together
with the Pledge Agreement, the Security Agreement, the Joinder Agreement and all agreements, deeds of trust, instruments, documents, pledges or filings executed in connection with granting, or that otherwise evidence a lien, encumbrance or claim on
the Collateral, the Collateral Documents). This Agreement, the Securities, the Exchange Securities, the Indenture, the Registration Rights Agreement and the Collateral Documents are collectively referred to herein as the
Transaction Documents. 

The Company understands that the Initial Purchasers propose to make an offering of the
Securities on the terms and in the manner set forth herein and in the Pricing Disclosure Package (as defined below) and agrees that the Initial Purchasers may resell, subject to the conditions set forth herein, all or a portion of the Securities to
purchasers (the Subsequent Purchasers) on the terms set forth in the Pricing Disclosure Package. For purposes of this Agreement, the Time of Sale is 2:40 p.m. (Eastern time) on the date of this Agreement. The
Securities are to be offered and sold to or through the Initial Purchasers without being registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) under the Securities Act of 1933 (as amended, the Securities
Act, which term, as used herein, includes the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder), in reliance upon exemptions therefrom. Pursuant to the terms of the Securities and the Indenture, investors who acquire
Securities shall be deemed to have agreed that Securities may only be resold or otherwise transferred, after the date hereof, if such Securities are registered for sale under the Securities Act or if an exemption from the registration requirements
of the Securities Act is available (including the exemptions afforded by 

2 

Rule 144A under the Securities Act (Rule 144A) or Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S)). 

The Company has prepared and delivered to each Initial Purchaser copies of a Preliminary Offering Memorandum, dated March 10, 2025 (the
Preliminary Offering Memorandum), and has prepared and delivered to each Initial Purchaser copies of a Final Pricing Term Sheet, dated March 10, 2025 and attached hereto as Annex II (the Final Term Sheet),
describing the terms of the Securities, each for use by such Initial Purchaser in connection with its solicitation of offers to purchase the Securities. The Preliminary Offering Memorandum and the Final Term Sheet are herein collectively referred to
as the Pricing Disclosure Package.Promptly after this Agreement is executed and delivered, the Company will prepare and deliver to each Initial Purchaser a Final Offering Memorandum, dated March 10, 2025 (the
Final Offering Memorandum). 

All references herein to the terms Pricing Disclosure Packageand Final Offering Memorandumshall be deemed to mean and include all information filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as amended, the Exchange Act, which term, as used herein, includes
the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder) prior to the Time of Sale and incorporated by reference in the Pricing Disclosure Package (including the Preliminary Offering Memorandum) or the Final Offering Memorandum (as the
case may be), and all references herein to the terms amend, amendmentor supplementwith respect to the Final Offering Memorandum shall be deemed to mean and include all
information filed under the Exchange Act after the Time of Sale and incorporated by reference in the Final Offering Memorandum. 

The
Company hereby confirms its agreements with the Initial Purchasers as follows: 

SECTION 1. Representations and Warranties of the
Company. The Company hereby represents, warrants and covenants to each Initial Purchaser that, as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date (references in this Section 1 to the Offering Memorandumare to
(x) the Pricing Disclosure Package in the case of representations and warranties made as of the date hereof and (y) the Final Offering Memorandum in the case of representations and warranties made as of the Closing Date): 

(a) No Registration Required. Subject to compliance by the Initial Purchasers with the representations and warranties set forth in
Section 2 hereof and with the procedures set forth in Section 7 hereof, it is not necessary in connection with the offer, sale and delivery of the Securities to the Initial Purchasers and to each Subsequent Purchaser in the manner
contemplated by this Agreement and the Offering Memorandum to register the Securities under the Securities Act or, until such time as the Exchange Securities are issued pursuant to an effective registration statement, to qualify the Indenture under
the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (the Trust Indenture Act,which term, as used herein, includes the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder). 

(b) No Integration of Offerings or General Solicitation. None of the Company, its affiliates (as such term is defined in Rule 501 under
the Securities Act) (each, an Affiliate), or any person acting on its or any of their behalf (other than the Initial Purchasers, as to whom the 

3 

Company makes no representation or warranty) has, directly or indirectly, solicited any offer to buy or offered to sell, or will, directly or indirectly, solicit any offer to buy or offer to
sell, in the United States or to any United States citizen or resident, any security which is or would be integrated with the sale of the Securities in a manner that would require the Securities to be registered under the Securities Act. None of the
Company, its Affiliates, or any person acting on its or any of their behalf (other than the Initial Purchasers, as to whom the Company makes no representation or warranty) has engaged or will engage, in connection with the offering of the
Securities, in any form of general solicitation or general advertising within the meaning of Rule 502 under the Securities Act. With respect to those Securities sold in reliance upon Regulation S, (i) none of the Company, its Affiliates or any
person acting on its or their behalf (other than the Initial Purchasers, as to whom the Company makes no representation or warranty) has engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts within the meaning of Regulation S and (ii) each of
the Company and its Affiliates and any person acting on its or their behalf (other than the Initial Purchasers, as to whom the Company makes no representation or warranty) has complied and will comply with the offering restrictions set forth in
Regulation S. 

(c) Eligibility for Resale under Rule 144A. The Securities are eligible for resale pursuant to Rule 144A and will
not be, at the Closing Date, of the same class as securities listed on a national securities exchange registered under Section 6 of the Exchange Act or quoted in a U.S. automated interdealer quotation system. 

(d) The Pricing Disclosure Package and Final Offering Memorandum. Neither the Pricing Disclosure Package, as of the Time of Sale, nor
the Final Offering Memorandum, as of its date or (as amended or supplemented in accordance with Section 3(a), as applicable) as of the Closing Date, contains an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary in
order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that this representation, warranty and agreement shall not apply to statements in or omissions from the Pricing Disclosure
Package, the Final Offering Memorandum or any amendment or supplement thereto made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished to the Company in writing by any Initial Purchaser through the Representatives expressly for use in the
Pricing Disclosure Package, the Final Offering Memorandum or amendment or supplement thereto, as the case may be. The Pricing Disclosure Package contains, and the Final Offering Memorandum will contain, all the information specified in, and meeting
the requirements of, Rule 144A. The Company has not distributed and will not distribute, prior to the later of the Closing Date and the completion of the Initial Purchasers distribution of the Securities, any offering material in connection
with the offering and sale of the Securities other than the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Offering Memorandum. 

(e) Company
Additional Written Communications. The Company has not prepared, made, used, authorized, approved or distributed and will not prepare, make, use, authorize, approve or distribute any written communication that constitutes an offer to sell or
solicitation of an offer to buy the Securities other than (i) the Pricing Disclosure Package, (ii) the Final Offering Memorandum and (iii) any electronic road show or other written communications, in each case used in accordance with
Section 3(a). Each such communication by the Company or its agents and representatives pursuant to clause (iii) of the preceding sentence (each, a Company Additional Written Communication), when taken together with the
Pricing 

4 

Disclosure Package, did not as of the Time of Sale, and at the Closing Date will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that this representation, warranty and agreement shall not apply to statements in or omissions from each such Company Additional Written
Communication made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished to the Company in writing by any Initial Purchaser through the Representatives expressly for use in any Company Additional Written Communication. 

(f) Incorporated Documents. The documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Offering Memorandum at the time
they were or hereafter are filed with the Commission (collectively, the Incorporated Documents) complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the
Commission thereunder (the Exchange Act Regulations). Each such Incorporated Document, when taken together with the Pricing Disclosure Package, did not as of the Time of Sale, and at the Closing Date will not, contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The interactive data in eXtensbile Business Reporting
Language included or incorporated by reference in the Offering Memorandum fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and has been prepared in accordance with the Commissions rules and guidelines applicable thereto.

(g) The Purchase Agreement. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company. 

(h) The Registration Rights Agreement. The Registration Rights Agreement has been duly authorized and, on the Closing Date, will have
been duly executed and delivered by, and will constitute a valid and binding agreement of, the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium
or other similar laws affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally and except as enforcement thereof is subject to general principles of equity and except as rights to indemnification may be limited by applicable law. 

(i) Authorization of the Securities and the Exchange Securities. The Securities to be purchased by the Initial Purchasers from the
Company will on the Closing Date be in the form contemplated by the Indenture, have been duly authorized for issuance and sale pursuant to this Agreement and the Indenture and, at the Closing Date, will have been duly executed by the Company and,
when authenticated in the manner provided for in the Indenture and delivered in the manner provided for in the Indenture and delivered against payment of the purchase price therefor as provided in this Agreement, will constitute valid and binding
obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers),
reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally and except as enforcement thereof is subject to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in
equity or at law), and will be entitled to the benefits of the Indenture. The Exchange Securities have been duly and validly authorized for issuance by the Company, and when issued and authenticated in

5 

accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the Registration Rights Agreement and the Exchange Offer, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company
in accordance with their terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or similar laws relating to or affecting enforcement of the rights and remedies of creditors or by general
principles of equity, and will be entitled to the benefits of the Indenture. 

(j) Authorization of the Collateral Documents. Each
of the Collateral Documents has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company or Puget Equico, as applicable, and constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Company or Puget Equico, as applicable, in accordance with its terms,
except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting enforcement of creditors rights
generally and except as enforcement thereof is subject to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). 

(k) Authorization of the Indenture. The Indenture has been duly authorized by the Company and, at the Closing Date, will have been duly
executed and delivered by the Company and will constitute a valid and binding agreement of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency
(including, without limitation, all laws relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally and except as enforcement thereof is subject to general principles of
equity (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), and except as right to indemnity may be limited by applicable law. 

(l) Description of the Transaction Documents. The Transaction Documents conform in all material respects to the respective statements
relating thereto contained in the Offering Memorandum. 

(m) No Material Adverse Change. Except as otherwise disclosed in the
Offering Memorandum (exclusive of any amendment or supplement thereto), subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Offering Memorandum (exclusive of any amendment or supplement thereto): (i) there has been no material
adverse change in the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the earnings, business affairs or business prospects, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business, of the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as one
entity (any such change is called a Material Adverse Change); and (ii) the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as one entity, have not entered into any material transaction or agreement not in the ordinary course of
business. Except as has been previously disclosed to counsel for the Representatives in writing or via email prior to the date hereof, since December 31, 2024, there has been no dividend or distribution of any kind declared, paid or made by the
Company on any class of its capital stock. 

(n) Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. The financial statements
incorporated in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Offering Memorandum by reference to the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, and the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024 

6 

have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report incorporated by reference in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the
Final Offering Memorandum. 

(o) Preparation of the Financial Statements. The financial statements, together with the related
schedules and notes included or incorporated by reference in the Offering Memorandum, present fairly the financial position of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries at the dates indicated and the statement of operations, shareholders
equity and cash flows of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries for the periods specified; said financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) applied on a
consistent basis throughout the periods involved. The supporting schedules, if any, included or incorporated by reference in the Offering Memorandum present fairly in accordance with GAAP the information required to be stated therein. The selected
financial data and the summary financial information, if any, included in the Offering Memorandum present fairly the information shown therein and have been compiled on a basis consistent with that of the audited financial statements included in the
Offering Memorandum. Any pro forma financial statements and the related notes thereto included or incorporated by reference in the Offering Memorandum present fairly the information shown therein, have been prepared in accordance with the
Commissions rules and guidelines with respect to pro forma financial statements and have been properly compiled on the bases described therein, and the assumptions used in the preparation thereof are reasonable and the adjustments used therein
are appropriate to give effect to the transactions and circumstances referred to therein. The interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language incorporated by reference in the Offering Memorandum fairly presents the information called for
in all material respects and is prepared in accordance with the Commissions rules and guidelines applicable thereto. 

(p)
Incorporation and Good Standing of the Company and its Subsidiaries. Each of Puget Equico, the Company and the Companys subsidiary, Puget Sound Energy, Inc. (PSE), has been duly incorporated or formed, as applicable,
and is validly existing as a limited liability company or corporation, as applicable, in existence under the laws of the State of Washington, and has limited liability company or corporate, as applicable, power and authority to own, lease and
operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in the Offering Memorandum and, in the case of the Company, to enter into and perform its obligations under each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. Each of the Company
and PSE is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except for such jurisdictions where
the failure to so qualify or to be in good standing would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change. 

(q)
Capitalization. The Company has an authorized capitalization as set forth in the Offering Memorandum. 

(r) Company Common
Stock. All of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company are owned by Puget Equico. The Company has no outstanding equity interests other than shares of common stock. All shares of the common stock of the Company have been duly
authorized and validly issued, are fully paid and nonassessable and have been issued in compliance with federal and state securities laws. None of the outstanding shares of common 

7 

stock were issued in violation of any preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or other similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities of the Company. There are no authorized or
outstanding options, warrants, preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or other rights to purchase, or equity or debt securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for, any capital stock of the Company. 

(s) Puget Sound Energy Common Stock. All of the outstanding shares of common stock of PSE are owned by the Company. PSE has no
outstanding equity interests other than shares of common stock. All share of PSEs common stock have been duly authorized and validly issued, are fully paid and nonassessable and have been issued in compliance with federal and state securities
laws. None of the outstanding shares of common stock of PSE were issued in violation of any preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or other similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities of PSE. There are no authorized or outstanding
options, warrants, preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or other rights to purchase, or equity or debt securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for, any capital stock of PSE. 

(t) Non-Contravention of Existing Instruments; No Further Authorizations or Approvals Required.
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is (i) in violation of its charter, bylaws or other constitutive document or (ii) in default (or, with the giving of notice or lapse of time, would be in default) (Default)
under any indenture, mortgage, loan or credit agreement, note, contract, franchise, lease or other agreement or instrument to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any of them may be bound, or to which any of the
property or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is subject (each, an Existing Instrument), except, in the case of clause (ii) above, for such Defaults as would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a
Material Adverse Change. The Companys execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Indenture and each of the Collateral Documents, and the issuance and delivery of the Securities and the
issuance of the Exchange Securities, and consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and by the Offering Memorandum (x) will not result in any violation of the provisions of the charter, bylaws or other constitutive
document of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (y) will not conflict with or constitute a breach of, or Default under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company or
any of its subsidiaries pursuant to, or require the consent of any other party to, any Existing Instrument, except for such conflicts, breaches, Defaults, liens, charges or encumbrances as would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a
Material Adverse Change and (z) will not result in any violation of any law, administrative regulation or administrative or court decree applicable to the Company or any of its subsidiaries. No consent, approval, authorization or other order
of, or registration or filing with, any court or other governmental or regulatory authority or agency is required for (A) the Companys execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Indenture
or any of the Collateral Documents, or (B) the issuance and delivery of the Securities, or (C) consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and by the Offering Memorandum, except: (1) with respect to the Exchange
Securities under the Securities Act and the Trust Indenture Act, as contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement and (2) such as may be required by the securities laws of the several states of the United States. 

8 

(u) Security Interest. The provisions of each Collateral Document are effective to
create in favor of the Collateral Agent legal, valid and enforceable first priority liens (subject to liens, encumbrances and defects as are permitted by the Indenture) on or in all of the Collateral described therein, and all necessary recordings
and filings will be made in all necessary public offices and all other necessary and appropriate action will be taken so that the liens created by the Collateral Documents will constitute perfected first priority liens (subject to liens,
encumbrances and defects as are permitted by the Indenture) on or in the Collateral described therein, with the priorities described in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Offering Memorandum, and all necessary consents to the creation,
effectiveness, priority and perfection of each such lien will have been obtained. 

(v) Perfection of Security Interest. In the case
of Collateral described in the Collateral Documents that can be perfected by filing financing statements and other filings and instruments under applicable law, when financing statements, other filings or instruments, notices and consents required
under the laws of any applicable jurisdiction are filed, delivered or otherwise registered or recorded in the proper offices, registries or government agencies, the Collateral Agent (for the benefit of the Trustee) shall have a fully perfected first
priority lien on, and security interest in, all right, title and interest of the Company or Puget Equico, as applicable, in such Collateral (subject to liens, encumbrances and defects as permitted by the Indenture), as security for the Secured
Obligations (as defined in the Collateral Agency Agreement). In the case of Collateral described in the Collateral Documents that can be perfected by control (within the meaning of
Section 8-106 or Sections 9-104,9-105,9-106 or
9-107, as the case may be, of the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York), upon execution of a control agreement or the taking of any other action establishing the Collateral
Agents control over such Collateral, the Collateral Agent (for the benefit of the Trustee) shall have a fully perfected first priority lien on, and security interest in, all right, title and interest of the Company or Puget Equico,
as applicable, in such Collateral (subject to liens, encumbrances and defects as permitted by the Indenture), as security for the Secured Obligations (as defined in the Collateral Agency Agreement). 

(w) No Material Actions or Proceedings. There are no legal or governmental actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to the best of the
Companys knowledge, threatened (i) against the Company or any of its subsidiaries or (ii) which has as the subject thereof any property owned or leased by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, except for such actions, suits or
proceedings that, if determined adversely to the Company or such subsidiary, would not result in a Material Adverse Change or adversely affect the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

(x) Absence of Labor Dispute. No labor dispute with the employees of the Company or any subsidiary exists or, to the knowledge of the
Company, is imminent, and the Company is not aware of any existing or imminent labor disturbance by the employees of any of its or any subsidiarys principal suppliers, manufacturers, customers or contractors, which, in either case, would
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. 

(y) Possession of Licenses and Permits. The Company and its
subsidiaries possess such permits, licenses, approvals, consents and other authorizations (collectively, Governmental Licenses) issued by the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory

9 

agencies or bodies, including, without limitation, the Washington Utilities and Transportation Commission and cities and towns within the service territory of the Company, necessary to conduct
the business now operated by them and for the Company to own and operate its facilities, including its electric plants, gas plants, and other generating and transmission facilities; the Company and its subsidiaries are in compliance with the terms
and conditions of all such Governmental Licenses, except where the failure so to comply would not, singly or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change; all of the Governmental Licenses are valid and in full force and effect, except when
the invalidity of such Governmental Licenses or the failure of such Governmental Licenses to be in full force and effect would not, singly or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change; and neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries
has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such Governmental Licenses which, singly or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would result in a Material Adverse
Change. 

(z) Title to Properties. The Company and its subsidiaries have good and marketable title to all real property owned by the
Company and its subsidiaries and good title to all other properties owned by them, in each case, free and clear of all mortgages, pledges, liens, security interests, claims, restrictions or encumbrances of any kind except such as (a) are
described in the Offering Memorandum, (b) do not, singly or in the aggregate, materially affect the value of such property and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company or any of its subsidiaries
or (c) could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Change; and all of the leases and subleases material to the business of the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as one enterprise, and
under which the Company or any of its subsidiaries holds properties described in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Offering Memorandum, are in full force and effect, and neither the Company nor any subsidiary has any notice of any material
claim of any sort that has been asserted by anyone adverse to the rights of the Company or any subsidiary under any of the leases or subleases mentioned above, or affecting or questioning the rights of the Company or such subsidiary to the continued
possession of the leased or subleased premises under any such lease or sublease. 

(aa) Tax Law Compliance. The Company and its
consolidated subsidiaries have filed all necessary federal, state and foreign income and franchise tax returns required to be filed or have properly requested extensions thereof and have paid all taxes required to be paid by any of them and, if due
and payable, any related or similar assessment, fine or penalty levied against any of them except as may be being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings. The Company has made adequate charges, accruals and reserves in accordance with
GAAP in the applicable financial statements referred to in Section 1(o) hereof in respect of all federal, state and foreign income and franchise taxes for all periods as to which the tax liability of the Company or any of its consolidated
subsidiaries has not been finally determined and except in each case for any noncompliance that, individually or in the aggregate, would not result in a Material Adverse Change. 

(bb) Company Not an Investment Company. The Company is not, and upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as herein
contemplated and the application of the net proceeds therefrom as described in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Offering Memorandum will not be, an investment company or a company controlled by an investment
company which is 

10 

required to be registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act). 

(cc) Insurance. Each of the Company and its subsidiaries are insured by recognized, financially sound institutions with policies in
such amounts and with such deductibles and covering such risks as are generally deemed adequate and customary for their businesses including, without limitation, policies covering real and personal property owned or leased by the Company and its
subsidiaries against theft, damage, destruction, acts of vandalism and earthquakes. The Company has no reason to believe that it or any subsidiary will not be able to (i) renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such policies expire or
(ii) obtain comparable coverage from similar institutions as may be necessary or appropriate to conduct its business as now conducted and at a cost that would not result in a Material Adverse Change. 

(dd) No Price Stabilization or Manipulation. The Company has not taken and will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed
to or that might be reasonably expected to cause or result in stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Securities. 

(ee) Compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley. The Company is in compliance in all material respects with all the applicable provisions of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which term, as used herein, includes the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder). 

(ff) Companys Accounting System. The Company and its consolidated subsidiaries maintain a system of internal control over
financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act) sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that (A) transactions are executed in
accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (B) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain accountability for assets; (C) access to
assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and (D) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with
respect to any differences. Such system is also sufficient to ensure the accuracy of the interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Offering
Memorandum. 

(gg) Disclosure Controls and Procedures. To the extent required by the Exchange Act Regulations, the Companys
disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act) are reasonably designed to ensure that all information
(both financial and non-financial) required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the Exchange Act Regulations, and that all such information is accumulated and communicated to the Companys management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and to make the certifications of the
principal executive officer and principal financial officer of the Company required under the Exchange Act with respect to such reports. 

11 

(hh) Regulations T, U, X. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries nor any
agent thereof acting on their behalf has taken, and none of them will take, any action that might cause this Agreement or the issuance or sale of the Securities to violate Regulation T, Regulation U or Regulation X of the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System. 

(ii) Compliance with and Liability under Environmental Laws. Except as described in or incorporated by
reference into the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Offering Memorandum and except as would not, singly or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change, (A) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in violation of any
federal, state, local or foreign statute, law, rule, regulation, ordinance, code, policy or rule of common law or any judicial or administrative interpretation thereof, including any judicial or administrative order, consent, decree or judgment,
relating to pollution or protection of human health, the environment (including, without limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata) or wildlife, including, without limitation, laws and regulations
relating to the release or threatened release of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, wastes, toxic substances, hazardous substances, petroleum or petroleum products, asbestos-containing materials or mold (collectively, Hazardous
Materials) or to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials (collectively, Environmental Laws), (B) the Company and its subsidiaries have
all permits, authorizations and approvals required under any applicable Environmental Laws and are each in compliance with their requirements, (C) there are no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened administrative, regulatory
or judicial actions, suits, demands, demand letters, claims, liens, notices of noncompliance or violation, investigation or proceedings relating to any Environmental Law against the Company or any of its subsidiaries and (D) there are no events
or circumstances that would reasonably be expected to form the basis of an order for clean-up or remediation, or an action, suit or proceeding by any private party or governmental body or agency, against or
affecting the Company or any of its subsidiaries relating to Hazardous Materials or any Environmental Laws. 

(jj) Compliance with
ERISA. (i) Each employee benefit plan, within the meaning of Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), for which the Company or its subsidiaries would have any liability
(each, a Plan) has been maintained in material compliance with its terms and the requirements of any applicable statutes, orders, rules and regulations, including but not limited to ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the Code), except for noncompliance that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Change; (ii) no prohibited transaction, within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or
Section 4975 of the Code, has occurred with respect to any Plan excluding transactions effected pursuant to a statutory or administrative exemption and excluding transactions that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; (iii) for each Plan that is subject to the funding rules of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, no accumulated funding deficiency as defined in Section 412
of the Code, whether or not waived, exists or is reasonably expected to occur; (iv) no reportable event (within the meaning of Section 4043(c) of ERISA) has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that could reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; and (v) neither the Company nor any member of the Controlled Group (defined as any trade or business which is a member of a controlled group of corporations within the meaning of
Section 414 of the Code) has incurred, nor reasonably expects to incur, any 

12 

liability under Title IV of ERISA in respect of a Plan (including a multiemployer plan within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA), other than contributions to a Plan and
premiums payable to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation and other than liabilities that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. 

(kk) Related Party Transactions. Except as disclosed in or incorporated by reference into the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final
Offering Memorandum, no relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among any of the Company or any affiliate of the Company, on the one hand, and any director, officer, member, stockholder, customer or supplier of the Company or any
affiliate of the Company, on the other hand, which is required by the Securities Act to be disclosed in a registration statement on Form S-1 which is not so disclosed in the Offering Memorandum. There are no
outstanding loans, advances (except advances for business expenses in the ordinary course of business) or guarantees of indebtedness by the Company or any affiliate of the Company to or for the benefit of any of the officers or directors of the
Company or any affiliate of the Company or any of their respective family members. 

(ll) No Conflict with Money Laundering Laws.
The operations of the Company and its subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended,
the money laundering statutes of all applicable jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively, the
Money Laundering Laws), and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to the Money Laundering
Laws is pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, threatened. 

(mm) Regulation S. The Company and its affiliates and all
persons acting on their behalf (other than the Initial Purchasers, as to whom the Company makes no representation) have complied with and will comply with the offering restrictions requirements of Regulation S in connection with the offering of the
Securities outside the United States and, in connection therewith, the Offering Memorandum will contain the disclosure required by Rule 902. The Securities sold in reliance on Regulation S will be represented upon issuance by a temporary global
security that may not be exchanged for definitive securities until the expiration of the 40-day restricted period referred to in Rule 903 of the Securities Act and only upon certification of beneficial
ownership of such Securities by non-U.S. persons or U.S. persons who purchased such Securities in transactions that were exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 

(nn) No Unlawful Contributions or Other Payments. None of the Company, any of its subsidiaries or, to the best of the Companys
knowledge, any director, officer, employee or affiliate of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is aware of or has taken any action, directly or indirectly, that would result in a violation by such persons of either (i) the Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the FCPA), including, without limitation, making use of the mails or any means or instrumentality of interstate commerce corruptly in furtherance of an
offer, payment, promise to pay or authorization of the payment of any money, or other property, gift, promise to give, or 

13 

authorization of the giving of anything of value to any foreign official (as such term is defined in the FCPA) or any foreign political party or official thereof or any candidate for
foreign political office, in contravention of the FCPA or (ii) any other applicable corruption legislation (Bribery Legislation), and the Company, its subsidiaries and, to the best of the Companys knowledge, its
affiliates have conducted their businesses in compliance with the FCPA and applicable Bribery Legislation and have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to ensure, and which are reasonably expected to continue to ensure, continued
compliance therewith. 

(oo) No Conflict with OFAC Laws. None of the Company, any of its subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the
Company, any director, officer, employee, affiliate or representative of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is an individual or entity (Person) currently the subject or target of any sanctions administered or enforced by the
United States Government, including, without limitation, the U.S. Department of the Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), or other applicable sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions), nor
is the Company located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions; and the Company will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the sale of the Securities, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available
such proceeds to any subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other Person, to fund any activities of or business with any Person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions or in any other manner
that will result in a violation by any Person (including any Person participating in the transaction, whether as initial purchaser, advisor, investor or otherwise) of Sanctions. 

(pp) Cybersecurity. (i)(x) Except as disclosed in the Offering Memorandum, there has been no security breach or other compromise of or
relating to any of the Companys or its subsidiaries information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of their respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data
maintained by or on behalf of them), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data) and (y) the Company and its subsidiaries have not been notified of, and have no knowledge of any event or condition that would
reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to their IT Systems and Data, except as would not, in the case of this clause (i), individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Change; (ii) the Company
and its subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations
relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except as would not, in the case of this clause (ii), individually or in
the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Change; and (iii) the Company and its subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster recovery technology reasonably consistent with industry standards and practices. 

(qq) Officers Certificates. Any certificate signed by an officer of the Company and delivered to the Initial Purchasers or to
counsel for the Initial Purchasers shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Company to each Initial Purchaser as to the matters set forth therein. 

SECTION 2. Purchase, Sale and Delivery of the Securities.

14 

(a) The Securities. The Company agrees to issue and sell to the Initial Purchasers
all of the Securities, and the Initial Purchasers agree, severally and not jointly, to purchase from the Company the aggregate principal amount of Securities set forth opposite their names on Schedule A, at a purchase price of 99.350% of the
principal amount thereof payable on the Closing Date, in each case, on the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements herein contained, and upon the terms, subject to the conditions thereto, herein set forth. 

(b) The Closing Date. Delivery of the certificates for the Securities in definitive form to be purchased by the Initial Purchasers and
payment therefor shall be made at the offices of Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP, 200 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10166 (or such other place as may be agreed to by the Company and the Representatives), at 9:00 a.m. New York City time, on March 13,
2025, or such other time and date as the Representatives shall designate by notice to the Company (the time and date of such closing are called the Closing Date). 

(c) Delivery of the Securities. The Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Representatives for the accounts of the
several Initial Purchasers certificates for the Securities at the Closing Date against the irrevocable release of a wire transfer of immediately available funds for the amount of the purchase price therefor. The certificates for the Securities shall
be in such denominations and registered in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee of the Depositary, and shall be made available for inspection on the business day preceding the Closing Date at a location in New York City, as the
Representatives may designate. Time shall be of the essence, and delivery at the time and place specified in this Agreement is a further condition to the obligations of the Initial Purchasers. 

(d) Initial Purchasers as Qualified Institutional Buyers. Each Initial Purchaser severally and not jointly represents and warrants to,
and agrees with, the Company that: 

(i) it is an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501(a) of
Regulation D under the Securities Act (Regulation D); 

(ii) it (and any person acting on its behalf) has
not offered or sold, and will not offer and sell, any Securities except to (A) persons who it reasonably believes are qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A (Qualified Institutional Buyers)
in transactions meeting the requirements of Rule 144A or (B) upon the terms and conditions set forth in Annex I to this Agreement; and 

(iii) it will not offer or sell Securities by any form of general solicitation or general advertising, including but not
limited to the methods described in Rule 502(c) of Regulation D or in any manner involving a public offering within the meaning of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

SECTION 3. Additional Covenants. The Company further covenants and agrees with each Initial Purchaser as follows: 

(a) Preparation of Final Offering Memorandum; Initial Purchasers Review of Proposed Amendments and Supplements and Company Additional
Written Communications. As promptly as practicable following the Time of Sale and in any event not later than the second business day following the date hereof, the Company will prepare and 

15 

deliver to the Initial Purchasers the Final Offering Memorandum, which shall consist of the Preliminary Offering Memorandum as modified only by the information contained in the Final Term Sheet
other than as set forth in Section 3(b) below. The Company will not amend or supplement the Preliminary Offering Memorandum or the Final Term Sheet. The Company will not amend or supplement the Final Offering Memorandum prior to the Closing
Date unless the Representatives shall previously have been furnished a copy of the proposed amendment or supplement at least two business days prior to the proposed use or filing, and shall not have objected to such amendment or supplement. Before
making, preparing, using, authorizing, approving or distributing any Company Additional Written Communication, the Company will furnish to the Representatives a copy of such written communication for review and will not make, prepare, use,
authorize, approve or distribute any such written communication to which the Representatives reasonably object. 

(b) Amendments and
Supplements to the Final Offering Memorandum and Other Securities Act Matters. If at any time prior to the Closing Date (i) any event shall occur or condition shall exist as a result of which any of the Pricing Disclosure Package as then
amended or supplemented would include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading or
(ii) it is necessary to amend or supplement any of the Pricing Disclosure Package to comply with law, the Company will promptly notify the Initial Purchasers thereof and forthwith prepare and (subject to Section 3(a) hereof) furnish to the
Initial Purchasers such amendments or supplements to any of the Pricing Disclosure Package as may be necessary so that the statements in any of the Pricing Disclosure Package as so amended or supplemented will not, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, be misleading or so that any of the Pricing Disclosure Package will comply with all applicable law. If, prior to the completion of the placement of the Securities by the Initial Purchasers with the Subsequent Purchasers,
any event shall occur or condition exist as a result of which it is necessary to amend or supplement the Final Offering Memorandum, as then amended or supplemented, in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances when the
Final Offering Memorandum is delivered to a Subsequent Purchaser, not misleading, or if in the judgment of the Representatives or counsel for the Initial Purchasers it is otherwise necessary to amend or supplement the Final Offering Memorandum to
comply with law, the Company agrees to promptly prepare (subject to Section 3 hereof), file with the Commission, if applicable, and furnish at its own expense to the Initial Purchasers, amendments or supplements to the Final Offering Memorandum
as may be necessary so that the statements in the Final Offering Memorandum as so amended or supplemented will not, in the light of the circumstances at the Closing Date and at the time of sale of Securities, be misleading or so that the Final
Offering Memorandum, as amended or supplemented, will comply with all applicable law. 

Following the consummation of the Exchange Offer or
the effectiveness of an applicable shelf registration statement and for so long as the Securities are outstanding, if, in the judgment of the Representatives, the Initial Purchasers or any of their affiliates (as such term is defined in the
Securities Act) are required to deliver a prospectus in connection with sales of, or market-making activities with respect to, the Securities, the Company agrees to periodically amend the applicable registration statement so that the information
contained therein complies with the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act, to amend the applicable registration statement or supplement the related prospectus or the documents incorporated therein when necessary to

16 

reflect any material changes in the information provided therein so that the registration statement and the prospectus will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances existing as of the date the prospectus is so delivered, not misleading and to provide the Initial Purchasers with copies of each amendment or
supplement filed and such other documents as the Initial Purchasers may reasonably request. 

The Company hereby expressly acknowledges
that the indemnification and contribution provisions of Sections 8 and 9 hereof are specifically applicable and relate to each offering memorandum, registration statement, prospectus, amendment or supplement referred to in this Section 3. 

(c) Copies of the Offering Memorandum. The Company agrees to furnish the Initial Purchasers, without charge, as many copies of the
Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Offering Memorandum and any amendments and supplements thereto as they shall reasonably request. 

(d) Blue Sky Compliance. The Company shall cooperate with the Representatives and counsel for the Initial Purchasers to qualify or
register (or to obtain exemptions from qualifying or registering) all or any part of the Securities for offer and sale under the securities laws of the several states of the United States or any other jurisdictions designated by the Representatives,
shall comply with such laws and shall continue such qualifications, registrations and exemptions in effect so long as required for the distribution of the Securities. The Company shall not be required to qualify as a foreign corporation or to take
any action that would subject it to general service of process in any such jurisdiction where it is not presently qualified or where it would be subject to taxation as a foreign corporation. The Company will advise the Representatives promptly of
the suspension of the qualification or registration of (or any such exemption relating to) the Securities for offering, sale or trading in any jurisdiction or any initiation or threat of any proceeding for any such purpose, and in the event of the
issuance of any order suspending such qualification, registration or exemption, the Company shall use its best efforts to obtain the withdrawal thereof at the earliest possible moment. 

(e) Security Interest. The Company shall cause the Securities to be secured on or prior to the Closing Date by perfected first priority
liens (subject to liens, encumbrances and defects as permitted by the Indenture) on the Collateral, to the extent and in the manner provided for in the Indenture and the Collateral Documents and as described in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the
Final Offering Memorandum. 

(f) Use of Proceeds. The Company shall apply the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities sold by
it in the manner described under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Offering Memorandum. 

(g) The Depositary. The
Company will cooperate with the Initial Purchasers and use its best efforts to permit the Securities to be eligible for clearance and settlement through the facilities of the Depositary. 

17 

(h) Additional Issuer Information. Prior to the completion of the placement of the
Securities by the Initial Purchasers with the Subsequent Purchasers, the Company shall file, on a timely basis, with the Commission all reports and documents required to be filed under Section 13 or 15 of the Exchange Act. Additionally, at any
time when the Company is not subject to Section 13 or 15 of the Exchange Act, for the benefit of holders and beneficial owners from time to time of the Securities, the Company shall furnish, at its expense, upon request, to holders and
beneficial owners of Securities and prospective purchasers of Securities information satisfying the requirements of Rule 144A(d). 

(i)
Agreement Not To Offer or Sell Additional Securities. During the period of 90 days following the date hereof, the Company will not, without the prior written consent of the Representatives (which consent may be withheld at the sole discretion
of the Representatives), directly or indirectly, sell, offer, contract or grant any option to sell, pledge, transfer or establish an open put equivalent position within the meaning of Rule 16a-1
under the Exchange Act, or otherwise dispose of or transfer, or announce the offering of, or file any registration statement under the Securities Act in respect of, any debt securities of the Company or securities exchangeable for or convertible
into debt securities of the Company (other than as contemplated by this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement). 

(j) Future
Reports to the Initial Purchasers. At any time when the Company is not subject to Section 13 or 15 of the Exchange Act and any Securities or Exchange Securities remain outstanding, the Company will furnish to the Representatives and the
Collateral Agent and, upon request, to each of the other Initial Purchasers: (i) as soon as practicable after the end of each fiscal year, copies of the Annual Report of the Company containing the balance sheet of the Company as of the close of
such fiscal year and statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows for the year then ended and the opinion thereon of the Companys independent public or certified public accountants; (ii) as soon as practicable after the
filing thereof, copies of each proxy statement, Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Current Report on Form
8-K or other report filed by the Company with the Commission, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA) or any securities exchange; and (iii) as soon as available,
copies of any report or communication of the Company mailed generally to holders of its capital stock or debt securities (including the holders of the Securities), if, in each case, such documents are not filed with the Commission within the time
periods specified by the Commissions rules and regulations under Section 13 or 15 of the Exchange Act. 

(k) No
Integration. The Company agrees that it will not and will cause its Affiliates not to make any offer or sale of securities of the Company of any class if, as a result of the doctrine of integration referred to in Rule 502 under the
Securities Act, such offer or sale would render invalid (for the purpose of (i) the sale of the Securities by the Company to the Initial Purchasers, (ii) the resale of the Securities by the Initial Purchasers to Subsequent Purchasers or
(iii) the resale of the Securities by such Subsequent Purchasers to others) the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Section 4(a)(2) thereof or by Rule 144A or by Regulation S thereunder or
otherwise. 

(l) No General Solicitation or Directed Selling Efforts. The Company agrees that it will not and will not permit any of
its Affiliates or any other person acting on its or their behalf (other than the Initial Purchasers, as to which no covenant is given) to (i) solicit offers for, or 

18 

offer or sell, the Securities by means of any form of general solicitation or general advertising within the meaning of Rule 502(c) of Regulation D or in any manner involving a public offering
within the meaning of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act or (ii) engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to the Securities within the meaning of Regulation S, and the Company will and will cause all such persons to comply
with the offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S with respect to the Securities. 

(m) No Restricted Resales. The Company
will not, and will not permit any of its affiliates (as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act) to, resell any of the Securities that have been reacquired by any of them. 

(n) Legended Securities. Each certificate for a Security will bear the legend contained in Notice to Investors; Transfer
Restrictions in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum for the time period and upon the other terms stated in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum. 

(o) Additional Covenants Related to Exchange Securities. Upon the consummation of an Exchange Offer pursuant to the Registration Rights
Agreement: 

(i) the Company will have corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under the
Exchange Securities; 

(ii) the Companys issuance and delivery of the Exchange Securities (x) will not result in
any violation of the provisions of the charter, bylaws or other constitutive document of the Company or any subsidiary, (y) will not conflict with or constitute a breach of, or Default under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien,
charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries pursuant to, or require the consent of any other party to, any Existing Instrument, except for such conflicts, breaches, Defaults, liens, charges or
encumbrances as would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change and (z) will not result in any violation of any law, administrative regulation or administrative or court decree applicable to the Company or any
subsidiary; and 

(iii) no consent, approval, authorization or other order of, or registration or filing with, any court or
other governmental or regulatory authority or agency will be required for the issuance and delivery of the Exchange Securities, except: (x) such as have been obtained or made by the Company and are in full force and effect under the Securities
Act, applicable securities laws of the several states of the United States and (y) such as may be required by the securities laws of the several states of the United States with respect to the Companys obligations under the Registration
Rights Agreement. 

The Representatives, on behalf of the several Initial Purchasers, may, in their sole discretion, waive in writing the
performance by the Company of any one or more of the foregoing covenants or extend the time for their performance. 

SECTION 4. Payment
of Expenses. The Company agrees to pay all costs, fees and expenses incurred in connection with the performance of its obligations hereunder and in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, (i) all

19 

expenses incident to the issuance and delivery of the Securities (including all printing and engraving costs, (ii) all necessary issue, transfer and other stamp taxes in connection with the
issuance and sale of the Securities to the Initial Purchasers, (iii) all fees and expenses of the Companys counsel, independent public or certified public accountants and other advisors, (iv) all costs and expenses incurred in
connection with the preparation, printing, filing, shipping and distribution of the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Offering Memorandum (including financial statements and exhibits), and all amendments and supplements thereto, this
Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Indenture and the Securities, (v) all filing fees, attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Company or the Initial Purchasers in connection with qualifying or registering (or obtaining
exemptions from the qualification or registration of) all or any part of the Securities for offer and sale under the securities laws of the several states of the United States or other jurisdictions designated by the Initial Purchasers (including,
without limitation, the cost of preparing, printing and mailing preliminary and final blue sky or legal investment memoranda and any related supplements to the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Final Offering Memorandum), (vi) the fees and expenses
of the Trustee, including the fees and disbursements of counsel for the Trustee in connection with the Indenture, the Securities and the Exchange Securities, (vii) any fees payable in connection with the rating of the Securities or the Exchange
Securities with the ratings agencies, (viii) any filing fees incident to, and any reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Initial Purchasers in connection with the review by FINRA, if any, of the terms of the sale of the Securities
or the Exchange Securities, (ix) all fees and expenses (including reasonable fees and expenses of counsel) of the Company in connection with approval of the Securities by the Depositary for book-entry transfer, and the performance
by the Company of its other obligations under this Agreement and (x) the costs and expenses of the Company relating to investor presentations on any road show undertaken in connection with the marketing of the Securities, including
without limitation, expenses associated with the production of road show slides and graphics, fees and expenses of any consultants engaged in connection with the road show presentations, travel and lodging expenses of the Representatives and
officers of the Company and any such consultants, and the cost of aircraft and other transportation chartered in connection with the road show. Except as provided in this Section 4 and Sections 6, 8 and 9 hereof, the Initial Purchasers shall
pay their own expenses. 

SECTION 5. Conditions of the Obligations of the Initial Purchasers. The obligations of the several Initial
Purchasers to purchase and pay for the Securities as provided herein on the Closing Date shall be subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties on the part of the Company set forth in Section 1 hereof as of the date hereof and
as of the Closing Date as though then made and to the timely performance by the Company of its covenants and other obligations hereunder, and to each of the following additional conditions: 

(a) Accountants Comfort Letters. On the date hereof, the Initial Purchasers shall have received from PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP,
the independent registered public accounting firm for the Company, a comfort letter dated the date hereof addressed to the Initial Purchasers, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representatives, covering the financial information
in the Pricing Disclosure Package and other customary matters. In addition, on the Closing Date, the Initial Purchasers shall have received from such accountants a bring-down comfort letter dated the Closing Date addressed to the Initial
Purchasers, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representatives, in the form of the comfort letter delivered on the date 

20 

hereof, except that (i) it shall cover the financial information in the Final Offering Memorandum and any amendment or supplement thereto and (ii) procedures shall be brought down to a
date no more than three days prior to the Closing Date. 

(b) No Material Adverse Change or Ratings Agency Change. For the period
from and after the date of this Agreement and prior to the Closing Date: 

(i) in the judgment of the Representatives there
shall not have occurred any Material Adverse Change; and 

(ii) there shall not have occurred any downgrading, nor shall any
notice have been given of any intended or potential downgrading or of any review for a possible change that does not indicate the direction of the possible change, in the rating accorded the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of their
securities or indebtedness by any nationally recognized statistical rating organization as such term is defined in Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act. 

(c) Opinion of Counsel for the Company. On the Closing Date the Initial Purchasers shall have received the opinion of Perkins Coie LLP,
counsel for the Company, dated as of such Closing Date, to the effect set forth in Exhibit A. 

(d) Opinion of Counsel for the Initial
Purchasers. On the Closing Date the Initial Purchasers shall have received the opinion of Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP, counsel for the Initial Purchasers, dated as of such Closing Date, with respect to such matters as may be reasonably requested by
the Initial Purchasers. 

(e) Officers Certificate. On the Closing Date the Initial Purchasers shall have received a written
certificate executed by the Chief Executive Officer, the President or any Vice President of the Company and the Chief Financial Officer or Treasurer of the Company, dated as of the Closing Date, to the effect set forth in Section 5(b)(ii)
hereof, and further to the effect that: 

(i) for the period from and after the date of this Agreement and prior to the
Closing Date there has not occurred any Material Adverse Change; 

(ii) the representations, warranties and covenants of the
Company set forth in Section 1 hereof are true and correct with the same force and effect as though expressly made at and as of the Closing Date; and 

(iii) the Company has complied with all the agreements and satisfied all the conditions on its part to be performed or
satisfied at or prior to the Closing Date. 

(f) Indenture; Registration Rights Agreement. The Company shall have executed and
delivered the Indenture, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Initial Purchasers, and the Initial Purchasers shall have received executed copies thereof. The Company shall have executed and delivered the Registration Rights
Agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Initial Purchasers, and the Initial Purchasers shall have received such executed counterparts. 

21 

(g) Financing Statements. The Representatives shall have received in form and
substance satisfactory to the Initial Purchasers all Uniform Commercial Code financing statements (appropriately completed and naming the Company or Puget Equico, as applicable, as debtor and the Collateral Agent as the secured party) and such other
instruments or documents to be filed under the Uniform Commercial Code of the applicable jurisdiction as may be necessary or, in the reasonable opinion of the Initial Purchasers or the Collateral Agent, desirable or advisable to perfect the first
priority security interests created under the Collateral Documents. In addition, each of the Company and Puget Equico shall have taken such other action, including taking such actions so that the Collateral Agent shall have control
(within the meaning of Section 8-106 and Sections 9-104,9-105,9-106 or 9-107, as the case may be, of the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York), of collateral accounts and any investment property included in the Collateral or as the Initial Purchasers shall have
requested, in order to perfect the liens created therein pursuant to the Security Agreement and to preserve the validity thereof. 

(h)
Collateral Document Deliverables. Each of the following documents, which shall be in form and substance satisfactory to the Initial Purchasers and their counsel, shall have been delivered to the Initial Purchasers and the Collateral
Agent:

(i) evidence of insurance in form and substance satisfactory to the Initial Purchasers and the Collateral
Agent, in each case evidencing the existence of all insurance required to be maintained by the Company pursuant to the Indenture and each applicable Collateral Document and, if applicable, the designation of the Trustee or the Collateral Agent as an
additional insured and loss payee as its interest may appear thereunder, or solely as the additional insured, as the case may be, thereunder; 

(ii) authorized copies of proper Uniform Commercial Code Form UCC-3 termination
statements necessary to release all liens and other rights of any person in any Collateral described in the Collateral Documents previously granted by the Company (other than the permitted liens described in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the
Final Offering Memorandum); 

(iii) certified copies of Uniform Commercial Code Requests for Information or Copies (Form UCC-11), or a similar search report certified by a party acceptable to the Initial Purchasers, dated a date reasonably near the Closing Date, listing all effective financing statements which name the Company or
Puget Equico as the debtor and which are filed in the jurisdictions in which filings were made pursuant to paragraph (g) above, together with copies of such financing statements (none of which (other than (A) those described in paragraph
(g), if such Form UCC-11 or search report, as the case may be, is current enough to list such financing statements described in paragraph (g) and (B) those filed pursuant to the Companys existing
secured obligations) shall cover any Collateral described in the Collateral Documents) unless a termination statement relating thereto or other release of lien acceptable to the Trustee and the Initial Purchasers shall have been executed and
delivered to the Trustee and the Initial Purchasers; and 

(iv) in form and substance satisfactory to it, such additional
assurances, certificates (including, without limitation, insurance certificates with respect to general 

22 

liability insurance maintained by the Company), documents or consents related to the Collateral as they shall reasonably request. 

(i) Additional Documents. On or before the Closing Date, the Initial Purchasers and counsel for the Initial Purchasers shall have
received such information, documents and opinions as they may reasonably require for the purposes of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as contemplated herein, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the
representations and warranties, or the satisfaction of any of the conditions or agreements, herein contained. 

If any condition specified
in this Section 5 is not satisfied when and as required to be satisfied, this Agreement may be terminated by the Representatives by notice to the Company at any time on or prior to the Closing Date, which termination shall be without liability
on the part of any party to any other party, except that Sections 4, 6, 8 and 9 hereof shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination. 

SECTION 6. Reimbursement of Initial Purchasers Expenses. If this Agreement is terminated by the Representatives pursuant to
Section 5 or 10 hereof, including if the sale to the Initial Purchasers of the Securities on the Closing Date is not consummated because of any refusal, inability or failure on the part of the Company to perform any agreement herein or to
comply with any provision hereof, the Company agrees to reimburse the Initial Purchasers, severally, upon demand for all out-of-pocket expenses that shall have been
reasonably incurred by the Initial Purchasers in connection with the proposed purchase and the offering and sale of the Securities and the Collateral Documents, including, without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel, printing expenses,
travel expenses, postage, facsimile and telephone charges. 

SECTION 7. Offer, Sale and Resale Procedures. Each of the Initial
Purchasers, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand, hereby agrees to observe the following procedures in connection with the offer and sale of the Securities: 

(a) Offers and sales of the Securities will be made only by the Initial Purchasers or Affiliates thereof qualified to do so in the
jurisdictions in which such offers or sales are made. Each such offer or sale shall only be made to persons whom the offeror or seller reasonably believes to be Qualified Institutional Buyers or non-U.S.
persons outside the United States to whom the offeror or seller reasonably believes offers and sales of the Securities may be made in reliance upon Regulation S upon the terms and conditions set forth in Annex I hereto, which Annex I is hereby
expressly made a part hereof. 

(b) The Securities will be offered by approaching prospective Subsequent Purchasers on an individual basis.
No general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Rule 502 under the Securities Act) will be used in the United States in connection with the offering of the Securities. 

(c) Upon original issuance by the Company, and until such time as the same is no longer required under the applicable requirements of the
Securities Act, the Securities (and all 

23 

securities issued in exchange therefor or in substitution thereof, other than the Exchange Securities) shall bear the following legend: 

THE SECURITY (OR ITS PREDECESSOR) EVIDENCED HEREBY WAS ORIGINALLY ISSUED IN A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER SECTION 5 OF THE
UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND THE SECURITY EVIDENCED HEREBY MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR AN APPLICABLE EXEMPTION THEREFROM.
EACH PURCHASER OF THE SECURITY EVIDENCED HEREBY IS HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT THE SELLER MAY BE RELYING ON THE EXEMPTION FROM THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 5 OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144A THEREUNDER. THE HOLDER OF THE SECURITY EVIDENCED HEREBY
AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF PUGET ENERGY, INC. (THE COMPANY) THAT (A) IT WILL NOT WITHIN SIX MONTHS AFTER THE ORIGINAL ISSUANCE OF THIS SECURITY (OR ANY PREDECESSOR OF THIS SECURITY) RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS SECURITY,
EXCEPT TO THE COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, (B) SUCH SECURITY MAY BE RESOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED, ONLY (1)(a) TO A PERSON WHO THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT) PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (b) TO A NON-US.
PERSON OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (c) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144 THEREUNDER
(IF APPLICABLE) OR (d) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANOTHER EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT (AND BASED UPON AN OPINION OF COUNSEL ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY IF THE COMPANY SO REQUESTS), (2) TO THE COMPANY OR
(3) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT AND, IN EACH CASE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE JURISDICTION AND (C) THE HOLDER WILL, AND EACH SUBSEQUENT
HOLDER IS REQUIRED TO, NOTIFY ANY PURCHASER OF THE SECURITY EVIDENCED HEREBY OF THE RESALE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN CLAUSE (B) ABOVE. NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 FOR RESALE OF THE
SECURITY EVIDENCED HEREBY. 

24 

Following the sale of the Securities by the Initial Purchasers to Subsequent Purchasers
pursuant to the terms hereof, the Initial Purchasers shall not be liable or responsible to the Company for any losses, damages or liabilities suffered or incurred by the Company, including any losses, damages or liabilities under the Securities Act,
arising from or relating to any resale or transfer of any Security. 

SECTION 8. Indemnification.

(a) Indemnification of the Initial Purchasers. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Initial Purchaser, its
affiliates, directors, officers and employees, and each person, if any, who controls any Initial Purchaser within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense, as incurred, to which
such Initial Purchaser, affiliate, director, officer, employee or controlling person may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or other federal or state statutory law or regulation, or at common law or otherwise (including in
settlement of any litigation, if such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Company), insofar as such loss, claim, damage, liability or expense (or actions in respect thereof as contemplated below) arises out of or is based upon any
untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum, the Final Term Sheet, any Company Additional Written Communication or the Final Offering Memorandum (or any amendment or supplement
thereto), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and to reimburse each Initial Purchaser and
each such affiliate, director, officer, employee or controlling person for any and all expenses (including the fees and disbursements of counsel chosen by the Representatives) as such expenses are reasonably incurred by such Initial Purchaser or
such affiliate, director, officer, employee or controlling person in connection with investigating, defending, settling, compromising or paying any such loss, claim, damage, liability, expense or action; provided, however, that the foregoing
indemnity agreement shall not apply, with respect to an Initial Purchaser, to any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense to the extent, but only to the extent, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or
omission or alleged omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by such Initial Purchaser through the Representatives expressly for use in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum, the Final Term
Sheet, any Company Additional Written Communication or the Final Offering Memorandum (or any amendment or supplement thereto). The indemnity agreement set forth in this Section 8(a) shall be in addition to any liabilities that the Company may
otherwise have. 

(b) Indemnification of the Company. Each Initial Purchaser agrees, severally and not jointly, to indemnify and
hold harmless the Company, its directors and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense, as incurred, to which the Company or any
such director or controlling person may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or other federal or state statutory law or regulation, or at common law or otherwise (including in settlement of any litigation, if such settlement
is effected with the written consent of such Initial Purchaser), insofar as such loss, claim, damage, liability or expense (or actions in respect thereof as contemplated below) arises out of or is based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue
statement of a material fact contained in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum, the Final Term 

25 

Sheet, any Company Additional Written Communication or the Final Offering Memorandum (or any amendment or supplement thereto), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, in each case to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission
or alleged omission was made in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum, the Final Term Sheet, any Company Additional Written Communication or the Final Offering Memorandum (or any amendment or supplement thereto), in reliance upon and in conformity
with written information furnished to the Company by such Initial Purchaser through the Representatives expressly for use therein; and to reimburse the Company and each such director or controlling person for any and all expenses (including the fees
and disbursements of counsel) as such expenses are reasonably incurred by the Company or such director or controlling person in connection with investigating, defending, settling, compromising or paying any such loss, claim, damage, liability,
expense or action. The Company hereby acknowledges that the only information that the Initial Purchasers through the Representatives have furnished to the Company expressly for use in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum, the Final Term Sheet, any
Company Additional Written Communication or the Final Offering Memorandum (or any amendment or supplement thereto) are the statements set forth in the third and fourth sentences of the ninth paragraph and the tenth paragraph under the caption
Plan of Distribution and the fourth full paragraph on p. iii in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum and the Final Offering Memorandum. The indemnity agreement set forth in this Section 8(b) shall be in addition to any liabilities
that each Initial Purchaser may otherwise have. 

(c) Notifications and Other Indemnification Procedures. Promptly after receipt by
an indemnified party under this Section 8 of notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against an indemnifying party under this Section 8, notify the indemnifying
party in writing of the commencement thereof; provided that the failure to so notify the indemnifying party will not relieve it from any liability which it may have to any indemnified party under this Section 8 except to the extent that it has
been materially prejudiced by such failure (through the forfeiture of substantive rights and defenses) and shall not relieve the indemnifying party from any liability that the indemnifying party may have to an indemnified party other than under this
Section 8. In case any such action is brought against any indemnified party and such indemnified party seeks or intends to seek indemnity from an indemnifying party, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate in and, to the extent
that it shall elect, jointly with all other indemnifying parties similarly notified, by written notice delivered to the indemnified party promptly after receiving the aforesaid notice from such indemnified party, to assume the defense thereof with
counsel reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified party; provided, however, if the defendants in any such action include both the indemnified party and the indemnifying party and the indemnified party shall have reasonably concluded that a
conflict may arise between the positions of the indemnifying party and the indemnified party in conducting the defense of any such action or that there may be legal defenses available to it and/or other indemnified parties which are different from
or additional to those available to the indemnifying party, the indemnified party or parties shall have the right to select separate counsel to assume such legal defenses and to otherwise participate in the defense of such action on behalf of such
indemnified party or parties. Upon receipt of notice from the indemnifying party to such indemnified party of such indemnifying partys election so to assume the defense of such action and approval by the indemnified party of counsel, the
indemnifying party will not be liable to such indemnified party under this Section 8 for any legal or other 

26 

expenses subsequently incurred by such indemnified party in connection with the defense thereof unless (i) the indemnified party shall have employed separate counsel in accordance with the
proviso to the immediately preceding sentence (it being understood, however, that the indemnifying party shall not be liable for the expenses of more than one separate counsel (together with local counsel (in each jurisdiction)), approved by the
indemnifying party (the Representatives in the case of Sections 8(b) and 9 hereof), representing the indemnified parties who are parties to such action) or (ii) the indemnifying party shall not have employed counsel satisfactory to the
indemnified party to represent the indemnified party within a reasonable time after notice of commencement of the action, in each of which cases the fees and expenses of counsel shall be at the expense of the indemnifying party. 

(d) Settlements. The indemnifying party under this Section 8 shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected
without its written consent, which will not be unreasonably withheld, but if settled with such consent or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff, the indemnifying party agrees to indemnify the indemnified party against any loss, claim,
damage, liability or expense by reason of such settlement or judgment. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, if at any time an indemnified party shall have requested an indemnifying party to reimburse the indemnified party for fees and expenses of
counsel as contemplated by this Section 8, the indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more than 30 days after
receipt by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid request and (ii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed the indemnified party in accordance with such request or disputed in good faith the indemnified partys entitlement to
such reimbursement prior to the date of such settlement. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified party, effect any settlement, compromise or consent to the entry of judgment in any pending or threatened
action, suit or proceeding in respect of which any indemnified party is or could have been a party and indemnity was or could have been sought hereunder by such indemnified party, unless such settlement, compromise or consent (i) includes an
unconditional release of such indemnified party from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such action, suit or proceeding and (ii) does not include any statements as to or any findings of fault, culpability or failure to act
by or on behalf of any indemnified party. 

SECTION 9. Contribution. If the indemnification provided for in Section 8 hereof is
for any reason held to be unavailable to or otherwise insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to the
aggregate amount paid or payable by such indemnified party, as incurred, as a result of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses referred to therein (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received
by the Company, on the one hand, and the Initial Purchasers, on the other hand, from the offering of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is not permitted by applicable law, in
such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Initial Purchasers, on the other hand, in connection with the
statements or omissions which resulted in such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Initial Purchasers, on
the other hand, in connection with the offering of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed to be in the same respective proportions 

27 

as the total net proceeds from the offering of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement (before deducting expenses) received by the Company, and the total initial purchaser discount received by
the Initial Purchasers bear to the aggregate initial offering price of the Securities. The relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Initial Purchasers, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things,
whether any such untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company, on the one hand, or the Initial Purchasers, on the other hand, and the
parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission or inaccuracy. 

The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of the losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses referred to above shall be deemed
to include, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 8 hereof, any legal or other fees or expenses reasonably incurred by such party in connection with investigating or defending any action or claim. The provisions set forth in
Section 8 hereof with respect to notice of commencement of any action shall apply if a claim for contribution is to be made under this Section 9; provided, however, that no additional notice shall be required with respect to any action for
which notice has been given under Section 8 hereof for purposes of indemnification. 

The Company and the Initial Purchasers agree
that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 9 were determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Initial Purchasers were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation which
does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in this Section 9. 

Notwithstanding the provisions of this
Section 9, no Initial Purchaser shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the discount received by such Initial Purchaser in connection with the Securities distributed by it. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation
(within the meaning of Section 11 of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. The Initial Purchasers obligations to contribute pursuant to this
Section 9 are several, and not joint, in proportion to their respective commitments as set forth opposite their names in Schedule A. For purposes of this Section 9, each director, officer and employee of an Initial Purchaser and each
person, if any, who controls an Initial Purchaser within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act shall have the same rights to contribution as such Initial Purchaser, and each director of the Company, and each person, if any, who
controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act shall have the same rights to contribution as the Company. 

SECTION 10. Termination of this Agreement. Prior to the Closing Date, this Agreement may be terminated by the Representatives by notice
given to the Company if at any time: (i) trading or quotation of any of the Companys securities shall have been suspended or limited by the Commission or by the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE), or trading in
securities generally on either the Nasdaq Stock Market or the NYSE shall have been suspended or limited, or minimum or maximum prices shall have been generally established on any of such quotation system or stock exchange by the Commission or FINRA;
(ii) a general banking moratorium shall have been declared by any of federal, New York or Washington authorities; (iii) there shall have occurred any outbreak or escalation of national or international hostilities or any crisis or
calamity, or any change in the United States or international financial markets, or 

28 

any substantial change or development involving a prospective substantial change in United States or international political, financial or economic conditions, as in the judgment of the
Representatives is material and adverse and makes it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the offering sale or delivery of the Securities in the manner and on the terms described in the Pricing Disclosure Package or to enforce contracts for
the sale of securities; (iv) in the judgment of the Representatives there shall have occurred any Material Adverse Change; (v) the Company shall have sustained a loss by strike, fire, flood, earthquake, accident or other calamity of such
character as in the judgment of the Representatives may interfere materially with the conduct of the business and operations of the Company regardless of whether or not such loss shall have been insured; or (vi) a material disruption has
occurred in commercial banking or securities settlement or clearance services in the Unites States. Any termination pursuant to this Section 10 shall be without liability on the part of (x) the Company to any Initial Purchaser, except that
the Company shall be obligated to reimburse the expenses of the Initial Purchasers pursuant to Sections 4 and 6 hereof, (y) any Initial Purchaser to the Company, or (z) any party hereto to any other party except that the provisions of
Sections 8 and 9 hereof shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination. 

SECTION 11. Representations and
Indemnities to Survive Delivery. The respective indemnities, agreements, representations, warranties and other statements of the Company, its officers and the several Initial Purchasers set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement will remain
in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of any Initial Purchaser, the Company or any of their partners, officers or directors or any controlling person, as the case may be, and will survive delivery of and
payment for the Securities sold hereunder and any termination of this Agreement. 

SECTION 12. Notices. All communications hereunder
shall be in writing and shall be mailed, hand delivered, couriered or facsimiled and confirmed to the parties hereto as follows: 

If to the Initial Purchasers: 

c/o Barclays Capital Inc. 

745
Seventh Avenue 

New York, New York 10019 

Attention: Syndicate Registration 

Fax No.: (646) 834-8133)

c/o J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 

383 Madison Avenue 

New York,
New York 10179 

Attention: Investment Grade Syndicate Desk, 3rd Floor 

Fax No. (212) 834-6081

c/o Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 

550 South Tryon Street, 5th Floor 

Charlotte, North Carolina 28202, Attention: Transaction Management 

Department 

E-mail: tmgcapitalmarkets@wellsfargo.com 

29 

If to the Company: 

Puget Energy, Inc. 

355 110th
Avenue NE 

Bellevue, Washington 98004 

Facsimile: 425-462-3300

Attention: Cara Peterman, Director, Chief Risk Officer and Corporate Treasurer 

Any party hereto may change the address or facsimile number for receipt of communications by giving written notice to the others. 

SECTION 13. Successors. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto, and to the benefit of the
indemnified parties referred to in Sections 8 and 9 hereof, and in each case their respective successors, and no other person will have any right or obligation hereunder. The term successors shall not include any Subsequent Purchaser or
other purchaser of the Securities as such from any of the Initial Purchasers merely by reason of such purchase. 

SECTION 14. Authority
of the Representatives. Any action by the Initial Purchasers hereunder may be taken by the Representatives on behalf of the Initial Purchasers, and any such action taken by the Representatives shall be binding upon the Initial Purchasers. 

SECTION 15. Partial Unenforceability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement shall
not affect the validity or enforceability of any other section, paragraph or provision hereof. If any section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement is for any reason determined to be invalid or unenforceable, there shall be deemed to be made
such minor changes (and only such minor changes) as are necessary to make it valid and enforceable. 

SECTION 16. Governing Law
Provisions. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO AGREEMENTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED IN SUCH STATE WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICTS OF LAW PRINCIPLES THEREOF. 

SECTION 17. Consent to Jurisdiction. Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or based upon this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated hereby (Related Proceedings) may be instituted in the federal courts of the United States of America located in the City and County of New York or the courts of the State of New York in each case located
in the City and County of New York (collectively, the Specified Courts), and each party irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction (except for suits, actions, or proceedings instituted in regard to the enforcement of a
judgment of any Specified Court in a Related Proceeding (a Related Judgment), as to which such jurisdiction is non-exclusive) of the Specified Courts in any Related Proceeding. Service of
any process, summons, notice or document by mail to such partys address set forth above shall be effective service of process for any Related Proceeding brought in any Specified Court. The parties irrevocably and

30 

unconditionally waive any objection to the laying of venue of any Specified Proceeding in the Specified Courts and irrevocably and unconditionally waive and agree not to plead or claim in any
Specified Court that any Related Proceeding brought in any Specified Court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 

SECTION 18.
Default of One or More of the Several Initial Purchasers. If any one or more of the several Initial Purchasers shall fail or refuse to purchase Securities that it or they have agreed to purchase hereunder on the Closing Date, and the
aggregate number of Securities which such defaulting Initial Purchaser or Initial Purchasers agreed but failed or refused to purchase does not exceed 10% of the aggregate number of the Securities to be purchased on such date, the other Initial
Purchasers shall be obligated, severally, in the proportions that the number of Securities set forth opposite their respective names on Schedule A bears to the aggregate number of Securities set forth opposite the names of all such non-defaulting Initial Purchasers, or in such other proportions as may be specified by the Initial Purchasers with the consent of the non-defaulting Initial Purchasers, to
purchase the Securities which such defaulting Initial Purchaser or Initial Purchasers agreed but failed or refused to purchase on the Closing Date. If any one or more of the Initial Purchasers shall fail or refuse to purchase Securities and the
aggregate number of Securities with respect to which such default occurs exceeds 10% of the aggregate number of Securities to be purchased on the Closing Date, and arrangements satisfactory to the Initial Purchasers and the Company for the purchase
of such Securities are not made within 48 hours after such default, this Agreement shall terminate without liability of any party to any other party except that the provisions of Sections 4, 6, 8 and 9 hereof shall at all times be effective and
shall survive such termination. In any such case either the Initial Purchasers or the Company shall have the right to postpone the Closing Date, as the case may be, but in no event for longer than seven days in order that the required changes, if
any, to the Final Offering Memorandum or any other documents or arrangements may be effected. 

As used in this Agreement, the term
Initial Purchaser shall be deemed to include any person substituted for a defaulting Initial Purchaser under this Section 18. Any action taken under this Section 18 shall not relieve any defaulting Initial Purchaser from
liability in respect of any default of such Initial Purchaser under this Agreement. 

SECTION 19. No Advisory or Fiduciary
Responsibility. The Company acknowledges and agrees that: (i) the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement, including the determination of the offering price of the Securities and any related discounts and commissions,
is an arms-length commercial transaction between the Company, on the one hand, and the several Initial Purchasers, on the other hand, and the Company is capable of evaluating and understanding and
understands and accepts the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; (ii) in connection with each transaction contemplated hereby and the process leading to such transaction each Initial Purchaser is and
has been acting solely as a principal and is not the agent or fiduciary of the Company or its affiliates, stockholders, creditors or employees or any other party; (iii) no Initial Purchaser has assumed or will assume an advisory or fiduciary
responsibility in favor of the Company with respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether such Initial Purchaser has advised or is currently advising the Company on other matters) or
any other obligation to the Company except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement; (iv) the several Initial Purchasers and their respective affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of

31 

transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Company, and the several Initial Purchasers have no obligation to disclose any of such interests by virtue of any fiduciary or
advisory relationship; and (v) the Initial Purchasers have not provided any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to the offering contemplated hereby, and the Company has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and
tax advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate. 

This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and understandings (whether written or
oral) between the Company and the several Initial Purchasers, or any of them, with respect to the subject matter hereof. The Company hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that the Company may have against the
Initial Purchasers with respect to any breach or alleged breach of fiduciary duty. 

SECTION 20. Recognition of the U.S. Special
Resolution Regimes.

In the event that any Initial Purchaser that is a Covered Entity (as defined below) becomes subject to a
proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime (as defined below), the transfer from such Initial Purchaser of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would
be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any such interest and obligation, were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

In the event that any Initial Purchaser that is a Covered Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate (as defined below) of such Initial Purchaser becomes
subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights (as defined below) under this Agreement that may be exercised against such Initial Purchaser are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights
could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

As used in this Section 20: 

BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall be interpreted in accordance
with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k). 

Covered Entity means any of the following: 

(i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b);

(ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b);
or 

(iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 
382.2(b). 

Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12
C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 

32 

U.S. Special Resolution Regime means each of (i) the Federal Deposit
Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 

SECTION 21. General Provisions. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties to this Agreement and supersedes all
prior written or oral and all contemporaneous oral agreements, understandings and negotiations with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original,
but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by telecopier, facsimile or other electronic transmission (i.e., a pdf or
tif) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart thereof. This Agreement may not be amended or modified unless in writing by all of the parties hereto, and no condition herein (express or implied) may be waived
unless waived in writing by each party whom the condition is meant to benefit. The section headings herein are for the convenience of the parties only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

33 

If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, kindly sign and
return to the Company the enclosed copies hereof, whereupon this Agreement, along with all counterparts hereof, shall become a binding agreement in accordance with its terms. 

Very truly yours,

PUGET ENERGY, INC.

By: 

/s/ Cara Peterman

Name: Cara Peterman

Title: Director, Chief Risk Office and Corporate Treasurer

The foregoing Purchase Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted by the Initial Purchasers as of the
date first above written. 

BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC.

J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC

WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC

Acting on behalf of itself

and as the Representatives of

the several Initial Purchasers

By: BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC.

By: 

/s/ John Lembeck

Name: John Lembeck

Title: Managing Director

By: J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC

By: 

/s/ Som Bhattacharyya

Name: Som Bhattacharyya

Title: Executive Director

By: WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC

By: 

/s/ Carolyn Hurley

Name: Carolyn Hurley

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to Purchase Agreement] 

SCHEDULE A 

Initial Purchasers Aggregate

Principal

Amount of

Securities to

be Purchased 

Barclays Capital Inc. $ 144,000,000 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 144,000,000 

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 144,000,000 

Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. 72,000,000 

TD Securities (USA) LLC 72,000,000 

M&T Securities, Inc. 24,000,000 

Total $ 600,000,000 

EXHIBIT A 

Opinion of counsel for the Company to be delivered pursuant to Section 5 of the Purchase Agreement 

A. Opinions 

(i) The Company is a
corporation validly existing under Washington law. 

(ii) The Company has corporate power and corporate authority to conduct its business
as described in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Offering Memorandum. 

(iii) The Company has the corporate power to enter into
and perform its obligations in the Purchase Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Note Indenture, the Securities and the Exchange Securities. The Purchase Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Note Indenture, the Securities
and the Exchange Securities have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company, and have been duly executed and delivered by the Company. 

(iv) Each Significant Subsidiary (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) is a corporation validly existing under Washington law, has
corporate power and authority to conduct its business as described in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Offering Memorandum and, based on the certificate attached as Exhibit A hereto, is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to transact
business and is in good standing in the state of Montana. 

(v) All of the issued and outstanding capital stock of each Significant
Subsidiary has been duly authorized and validly issued, is fully paid and nonassessable and is owned by the Company, directly or through subsidiaries, free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance or, to the best of
our knowledge, any pending or threatened claim (except as described in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Offering Memorandum). 

(vi) All of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid
and nonassessable and are owned by Puget Equico, free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance or, to the best of our knowledge, any pending or threatened claim (except as described in the Pricing Disclosure Package
and the Final Offering Memorandum). 

(vii) The Registration Rights Agreement is a valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable
against the Company in accordance with its terms. 

(viii) The Note Indenture is a valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable
against the Company in accordance with its terms. 

(ix) Each of the Collateral Documents has been duly authorized, executed and delivered
by the Company and Puget Equico, as applicable, and constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Company and Puget Equico, as applicable, enforceable against the Company and Puget Equico, as applicable, in accordance with its terms. 

Exhibit A-1 

(x) The Securities are in the form contemplated by the Note Indenture, have been duly
authorized by the Company for issuance and sale pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, have been duly executed by the Company and, when issued and authenticated in the manner provided for in the Note Indenture (assuming the due authorization, execution
and delivery thereof by the Note Trustee) and delivered by the Company against payment of the consideration therefor, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, and
will be entitled to the benefits of the Note Indenture. 

(xi) The Exchange Securities have been duly and validly authorized for issuance
by the Company, and, when issued and authenticated in accordance with the terms of the Note Indenture, the Registration Rights Agreement and the Exchange Offer, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the
Company in accordance with their terms, and will be entitled to the benefits of the Note Indenture. 

(xii) The descriptions of the
Securities, the Note Indenture, the Exchange Securities, the Registration Rights Agreement and the Collateral Documents in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Offering Memorandum under Description of Notes, or any caption
purporting to cover such matters, and, to our knowledge, in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 under Regulation and Rates and Legal
Proceedings and similar captions, and in each case insofar as the statements purport to describe the provisions of documents and laws referred to therein, are accurate in all material respects; and the statements in the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Final Offering Memorandum under the captions Description of Certain Indebtedness, Description of Notes, Material United States Federal Income Tax Considerations, ERISA Considerations
and Notice to Investors; Transfer Restrictions insofar as such statements purport to describe the provisions of documents and laws referred to therein, are accurate in all material respects. 

(xiii) The documents incorporated by reference in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Offering Memorandum (other than the financial
statements and financial schedules therein, as to which no opinion need be rendered), when they were filed with the Commission, complied as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of
the Commission thereunder. 

(xiv) No consent, approval, authorization or other action by, or filing with, any governmental authority is
required in connection with the execution and delivery by the Company of the Purchase Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Note Indenture or each of the Collateral Documents, or the issuance of the Securities or the Exchange Securities,
or consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby and by the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Offering Memorandum, except (a) under the Securities Act and the Securities Act regulations, or as may be required under the securities
or blue sky laws of the various states with respect to obligations of the Company under the Registration Rights Agreement and (b) qualification of the Note Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (the Trust Indenture
Act), as to which we express the opinion in paragraph (xvii) below. 

(xv) The Companys execution, delivery and
performance of its obligations in the Purchase Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Securities, the Exchange Securities, the Note Indenture and each of the Collateral Documents and the consummation of the

Exhibit A-2 

transactions contemplated in the Purchase Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement and in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Offering Memorandum do not: (a) violate
statutory laws that counsel exercising customary professional judgment would in our experience reasonably recognize as typically applicable to agreements similar to the Purchase Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Note Indenture and
the Collateral Documents; (b) violate the Companys articles of incorporation or bylaws; or (c) breach or result in a Default (as defined in Section 1(t) of the Purchase Agreement) under or result in the creation or imposition of
any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company or any subsidiary pursuant to any Material Agreement (except for such conflicts, breaches, Defaults or liens, charges or encumbrances that would not have a Material Adverse
Change). 

Material Agreement means any agreement identified by the Company as a material agreement in its Form 10-K filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission for the Companys fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. 

(xvi) The Company is not, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities and the application of the net proceeds therefrom as
described in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Offering Memorandum will not be, an investment company required to be registered under the Investment Company Act. 

(xvii) Based on the Companys and your representations and warranties in, and on the facts and circumstances contemplated by, the
Purchase Agreement, no registration of the Securities under the Securities Act, and no qualification of an indenture under the Trust Indenture Act with respect thereto, is required in connection with the purchase of the Securities by the Initial
Purchasers or the initial resale of the Securities by the Initial Purchasers to Qualified Institutional Buyers in the manner contemplated by the Purchase Agreement and the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Offering Memorandum other than any
registration or qualification that may be required in connection with the Exchange Offer contemplated by the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Offering Memorandum or in connection with the Registration Rights Agreement. We express no opinion,
however, as to when or under what circumstances any Securities initially sold by the Initial Purchasers may be reoffered or resold. 

(xviii) Under the New York Uniform Commercial Code (UCC), the provisions of each of the Security Agreement and the
Pledge Agreement are effective to create a valid security interest in the Companys and Puget Equicos rights in the Collateral in favor of the Collateral Agent to secure the Secured Obligations. 

(xix) To the extent the Washington State UCC is applicable to the authorization of the Financing Statement, pursuant to the provisions of the
Security Agreement and the Pledge Agreement, each of the Company and Puget Equico has authorized the filing of the Financing Statement naming it as debtor for purposes of Section 9-509 of the Washington
State UCC. 

(xx) To the extent the Washington State UCC is applicable, the Financing Statement includes not only all of the types of
information required by Section 9-502(a) of the Washington State UCC but also the types of information without which the Filing Office may refuse to accept the Financing Statement pursuant to Section 9-516 of the Washington State UCC. 

Exhibit A-3 

(xxi) To the extent the Washington UCC is applicable, the security interest of the
Collateral Agent will be perfected in the Companys and Puget Equicos rights in all Collateral upon the later of the attachment of the security interest and the filing of the Financing Statement in the Filing Office; provided, however, we
express no opinion with respect to (i) money, (ii) deposit accounts, (iii) letter of credit rights, (iv) goods covered by a certificate of title statute, (v) as-extracted collateral or
timber to be cut, or (vi) any property subject to a statute, regulation or treaty of the United States whose requirements for a security interests obtaining priority over the rights of a lien creditor with respect to the property preempt Section 9-310(a) of the Washington UCC. 

In rendering such opinion, such counsel may rely as to
matters involving the application of laws of any jurisdiction other than the laws of the State of New York, the laws of the State of Washington or the federal law of the United States, to the extent they deem proper and specified in such opinion,
upon the opinion (which shall be dated the Closing Date, shall be satisfactory in form and substance to the Initial Purchasers, shall expressly state that the Initial Purchasers may rely on such opinion as if it were addressed to them and shall be
furnished to the Initial Purchasers) of other counsel of good standing whom they believe to be reliable and who are satisfactory to counsel for the Initial Purchasers; provided, however, that such counsel shall further state that they believe that
they and the Initial Purchasers are justified in relying upon such opinion of other counsel, and as to matters of fact, to the extent they deem proper, on certificates of responsible officers of the Company and public officials. 

B. Confirmations 

(i) In addition, we
confirm to you that, except as disclosed in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum and the Final Offering Memorandum, to the best of our knowledge, there is no pending or threatened action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation, to which the
Company or any subsidiary is a party, or to which the property of the Company or any subsidiary is subject, before or brought by any court or governmental agency or body, domestic or foreign, which would reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Change, or which would reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the properties or assets thereof or the consummation of the transactions contemplated in the Purchase Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement and
the Collateral Documents or the performance by the Company of its obligations thereunder, or under the terms of the Securities or the Exchange Securities. 

(ii) We have participated in conferences with officers and other representatives of the Company, representatives of the Initial Purchasers and
representatives of the independent auditors of the Company at which the contents of the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Final Offering Memorandum and any amendments or supplements thereto were discussed. Although we assume no responsibility for
the factual accuracy, completeness or fairness of any statements (other than as set forth in paragraph A(xii) above, subject to the assumptions, exclusions and qualifications set forth in this opinion) made in (a) the Pricing Disclosure Package
or any amendment or supplement thereto, (b) the Final Offering Memorandum or any amendment or supplement thereto, or (c) the documents incorporated by reference in the Final Offering Memorandum or any further amendment or supplement
thereto, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that: 

Exhibit A-4 

(i) the Pricing Disclosure Package (except for the financial statements and
financial schedules and other financial information included or incorporated by reference therein, as to which we make no statement) as of the Time of Sale contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading, or 

(ii)
the Final Offering Memorandum (except for the financial statements and financial schedules and other financial information included or incorporated by reference therein, as to which we make no statement) as of its date or as amended or supplemented,
if applicable, as of the date hereof contained or contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not
misleading. 

Exhibit A-5 

ANNEX I 

Resale Pursuant to Regulation S or Rule 144A 

Each Initial Purchaser understands that: 

Such Initial Purchaser agrees that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell the Securities in the United States or to, or for the
benefit or account of, a U.S. Person (other than a distributor), in each case, as defined in Rule 902 of Regulation S (i) as part of its distribution at any time and (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the
offering of the Securities pursuant hereto and the Closing Date, other than in accordance with Regulation S or another exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Such Initial Purchaser agrees that, during such 40-day restricted period, it will not cause any advertisement with respect to the Securities (including any tombstone advertisement) to be published in any newspaper or periodical or posted in any public
place and will not issue any circular relating to the Securities, except such advertisements as permitted by and include the statements required by Regulation S. 

Such Initial Purchaser agrees that, at or prior to confirmation of a sale of Securities by it to any distributor, dealer or person receiving a
selling concession, fee or other remuneration during the 40-day restricted period referred to in Rule 903 of Regulation S, it will send to such distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee
or other remuneration a confirmation or notice to substantially the following effect: 

The Securities covered hereby have not been
registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and may not be offered and sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of your
distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the date the Securities were first offered to persons other than distributors in reliance on Regulation S and the Closing Date, except in either case in accordance with
Regulation S under the Securities Act (or in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act or to accredited investors in transactions that are exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act), and in connection with any
subsequent sale by you of the Securities covered hereby in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act during the period referred to above to any distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration, you must
deliver a notice to substantially the foregoing effect. Terms used above have the meanings assigned to them in Regulation S under the Securities Act. 

Such Initial Purchaser agrees that the Securities offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S will be represented upon issuance by a global
security that may not be exchanged for definitive securities until the expiration of the 40-day restricted period referred to in Rule 903 of Regulation S and only upon certification of beneficial ownership of
such Securities by non-U.S. persons or U.S. persons who purchased such Securities in transactions that were exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 

Annex I-1 

ANNEX II 

STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 

PUGET ENERGY, INC. 

5.725% Senior Secured Notes due March 15, 2035 

PRICING TERM SHEET 

(To
Preliminary Offering Memorandum dated March 10, 2025) 

This Pricing Term Sheet is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Preliminary
Offering Memorandum dated March 10, 2025 (the Preliminary Offering Memorandum). The information in this Pricing Term Sheet supplements the Preliminary Offering Memorandum and updates and supersedes the information in the Preliminary
Offering Memorandum to the extent it is inconsistent with the information in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum. Terms used and not defined herein have the meanings assigned in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum. 

The Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities Act) or the securities laws of any other
jurisdiction. The Notes may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) except in transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Accordingly, the
Notes are being offered solely (1) to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act and (2) outside the United States solely to
non-U.S. persons in compliance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. 

Issuer: Puget Energy, Inc. (the Issuer)

Legal Format: Rule 144A and Regulation S with registration rights as set forth in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum

Title of Securities: 5.725% Senior Secured Notes due March 15, 2035 (the Notes)

Anticipated Ratings (Moodys; S&P; Fitch)*: [Intentionally Omitted]

Trade Date: March 10, 2025

Settlement Date**: March 13, 2025 (T+3)

Principal Amount: $600,000,000

Maturity Date: March 15, 2035

Issue Price: 100.000% of the principal amount

Benchmark Treasury: 4.625% due February 15, 2035

Benchmark Treasury Price/Yield: 103-07 / 4.225%

Spread to Benchmark Treasury: +150 bps

Yield to Maturity: 5.725%

Coupon: 5.725%

Annex II-1 

Interest Payment Dates: Semi-annually on March 15 and September 15, beginning on September 15, 2025

Optional Redemption: 

Prior to December 15, 2034 (three months prior to the maturity date of the Notes) (the Par Call Date) the Issuer may redeem
the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: (1)(a) the sum of the present values
of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the Notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year
consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum) +25 bps less (b) interest accrued to the redemption date; and (2) 100% of the principal amount
of the Notes to be redeemed, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date.

At any time on or after the Par Call Date, the Issuer may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at par plus
accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date.

Change of Control: 

101% plus accrued interest, including additional interest,

if any, upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event as set forth in the Preliminary Offering Memorandum

Joint Book-Running Managers: 

Barclays Capital Inc.

J.P. Morgan Securities
LLC

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC

Scotia Capital (USA) Inc.

TD Securities (USA) LLC

Co-Manager: M&T Securities, Inc. 

Denominations: $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof

CUSIP/ISIN (Rule 144A): 745310 AP7 / US745310AP71

CUSIP/ISIN (Reg. S): U74592 AG8 / USU74592AG87

* 

Note: A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to
revision or withdrawal at any time. 

** 

We expect delivery of the Notes will be made against payment therefor on or about March 13, 2025, which is
the third business day following the date of the pricing of the Notes (such settlement being referred to as T+3). Under Rule 15c6-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, trades in
the secondary market generally are required to settle in one business day unless the parties to a trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade the Notes on the date of pricing or the next succeeding business day will be
required by virtue of the fact that the Notes will settle in T+3, to specify an alternative settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to prevent a failed settlement and should consult their own advisers. 

This material is confidential and is for your information only and is not intended to be used by anyone other than you. This information does not purport
to be a complete description of the Notes or the offering. Please refer to the Preliminary Offering Memorandum for a complete description. 

Annex II-2 

This communication is being distributed in the United States solely to persons reasonably believed to be
Qualified Institutional Buyers, as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act and outside the United States solely to Non-U.S. persons as defined under Regulation S under the Securities Act. 

This communication does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it
is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 

Any disclaimer or other notice that may appear below is not applicable to this
communication and should be disregarded. Such disclaimer or notice was automatically generated as a result of this communication being sent by Bloomberg or another email system. 

Annex II-3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>pse-20250310.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>pse-20250310_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity Address Address Line 1 
Entity Address Address Line 1 

Entity Address City Or Town 
Entity Address City Or Town 

Entity Address State Or Province 
Entity Address State Or Province 

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>pse-20250310_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 10, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 10, 2025

Entity File Number 1-16305

Entity Registrant Name PUGET ENERGY INC /WA

Entity Incorporation State Country Code WA

Entity Address Address Line 1 355 110th Ave NE

Entity Address City Or Town Bellevue

Entity Address State Or Province WA

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 98004

City Area Code 425

Local Phone Number 454-6363

Entity Tax Identification Number 91-1969407

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001085392

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
19 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.pugetenergy.com//20250310/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d879816d8k.htm 
pse-20250310.xsd 
pse-20250310_lab.xml 
pse-20250310_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-053909-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>d879816d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001085392 

2025-03-10 
2025-03-10 

PUGET ENERGY INC /WA 
false 
0001085392 
8-K 
2025-03-10 
1-16305 
WA 
355 110th Ave NE 
Bellevue 
WA 
98004 
425 
454-6363 
91-1969407 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>