<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001437749-25-012004.txt : 20250415
<SEC-HEADER>0001437749-25-012004.hdr.sgml : 20250415
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250415085722
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-25-012004
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250415
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250415
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250415

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Satellogic Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001874315
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO & TV BROADCASTING & COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT [3663]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			D8
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41247
		FILM NUMBER:		25837737

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		210 DELBURG STREET
		CITY:			DAVIDSON
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		1-206-313-4516

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		210 DELBURG STREET
		CITY:			DAVIDSON
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28036
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>satl20250415_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?satl20250415_8k.htm

false000187431500018743152025-04-152025-04-150001874315satl:CommonStockCustomMember2025-04-152025-04-150001874315satl:WarrantsCustomMember2025-04-152025-04-15

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): April 15, 2025

SATELLOGIC INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Delaware 

001-41247 

98-1845974

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

210 Delburg Street

Davidson, NC28036

(Address of Principal Executive Offices, and Zip Code)

(704) 894-4482

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communication pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communication pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communication pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Class A Common Stock SATL The Nasdaq Capital Market

Warrants SATLW The Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01.Entry into a Material Agreement.

On April 15, 2025, Satellogic Inc. (the Company) entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with the purchaser party thereto, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell in a registered direct offering (the Offering), 6,451,612 shares (the Shares) of the Companys Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Class A Common Stock), at an offering price of $3.10 per share. The gross proceeds to the Company from the Offering are approximately $20.0 million, before deducting the Placement Agents (as defined below) fees and estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. Closing of the Offering is expected to occur on April 16, 2025, subject to satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and agreements by the Company and customary conditions to closing. Under the Purchase Agreement, and subject to certain exceptions, the Company, as well as its directors and executive officers, have agreed, for a period of 30 days following the closing of the Offering, not to offer, sell, pledge, transfer, dispose of, or file a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) relating to, any shares of Class A Common Stock or similar securities, or enter into any related derivative transactions.

Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. acted as the exclusive placement agent (the Placement Agent) for the Offering, pursuant to that certain Placement Agent Agreement (the Placement Agent Agreement), dated April 15, 2025, by and between the Company and the Placement Agent. Pursuant to the Placement Agent Agreement, the Company agreed to pay the Placement Agent a cash fee equal to 4.0% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Offering. The Placement Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and agreements by the Company and customary conditions to closing. The Company has also agreed to reimburse the Placement Agent for certain fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Offering, and to indemnify the Placement Agent against certain liabilities arising out of the Placement Agents activities pursuant to the Placement Agent Agreement.

The Offering is being made pursuant to the Companys registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-283719) previously filed with the SEC and a prospectus supplement thereunder.

The foregoing descriptions of the Purchase Agreement and Placement Agent Agreement do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Purchase Agreement and Placement Agent Agreement, which are attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibits 10.1 and Exhibit 10.2 hereto, respectively, and incorporated herein by reference.

A copy of the opinion of King & Spalding LLP relating to the legality of the issuance and sale of the Shares in the Offering is attached as Exhibit 5.1 hereto.

Item 9.01Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)Exhibits.

5.1 

Opinion of King & Spalding LLP

10.1 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated April 15, 2025, by and among Satellogic Inc. and the purchaser party thereto

10.2 

Placement Agent Agreement, dated April 15, 2025, by and between Satellogic Inc. and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co.

23.1 

Consent of King & Spalding LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1)

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: April 15, 2025

SATELLOGIC INC.

By: 

/s/ Rick Dunn

Name: 

Rick Dunn

Title: 

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex_801761.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 5.1
<TEXT>
ex_801761.htm

Exhibit 5.1

King & Spalding LLP 

1180 Peachtree Street N.E.

Atlanta, Georgia 30309-3521

Phone: 404/ 572-4600

Fax: 404/ 572-5100 

www.kslaw.com

April 15, 2025

Satellogic Inc.

210 Delburg Street

Davidson, NC 28036

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as counsel for Satellogic Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with the offering by the Company of 6,451,612 shares of its Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Shares). The Shares are being sold by the Company pursuant to a prospectus supplement dated as of April 15, 2025 (the Prospectus Supplement), and the accompanying base prospectus, dated as of March 31, 2025 (together with the Prospectus Supplement, the Prospectus) that form part of the Companys effective registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-283719) (the Registration Statement). The shares are being issued and sold by the Company to a certain investor (the Investor) through Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., as placement agent (the Placement Agent) pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated April 15, 2025, by and between the Company and the Investor (the Securities Purchase Agreement), and a Placement Agent Agreement, dated April 15, 2025, by and between the Company and the Placement Agent (the Placement Agent Agreement, and, together with the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Transaction Documents).

In our capacity as such counsel, we have examined and relied upon the accuracy of original, certified, conformed or photographic copies of such records, agreements, certificates and other documents as we have deemed necessary or appropriate to enable us to render the opinions hereinafter expressed. In making such examination and in rendering the opinions set forth below, we have assumed the genuineness of signatures on original documents and the conformity to such original documents of all copies submitted to us as certified, conformed or photographic copies and, as to certificates of public officials, we have assumed the same to have been properly given and to be accurate. As to matters of fact material to this opinion letter, we have relied, without independent verification, upon certificates and representations of representatives of the Company and public officials.

Based upon the foregoing, and subject to the assumptions, qualifications and limitations set forth herein, we are of the opinion that the Shares have been duly authorized and, when issued and paid for pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

Satellogic Inc.

April 15, 2025

Page 2

This opinion is limited in all respects to the federal laws of the United States of America and the Delaware General Corporation Law, and no opinion is expressed with respect to the laws of any other jurisdiction or any effect that such laws may have on the opinions expressed herein. This opinion is limited to the matters stated herein, and no opinion is implied or may be inferred beyond the matters expressly stated herein.

This opinion is given as of the date hereof, and we assume no obligation to advise you after the date hereof of facts or circumstances that come to our attention or changes in law that occur, which could affect the opinions contained herein. This opinion is being rendered for the benefit of the Company in connection with the matters addressed herein.

We hereby consent to the inclusion of this opinion as Exhibit 5.1 to the Registration Statement and to the reference to us under the caption Legal Matters in the Prospectus Supplement. In giving such consent, we do not admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act.

Very truly yours,

/s/ King & Spalding
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex_801771.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
ex_801771.htm

Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

by and between

SATELLOGIC INC.

and

THE PURCHASER AS SET FORTH HEREIN

April 15, 2025

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is entered into as of April 15, 2025, by and between Satellogic Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) and the entity listed in Annex A attached to this Agreement (the Purchaser).

RECITALS.

WHEREAS, the Purchaser wishes to acquire, and the Company wishes to sell and deliver to the Purchaser, shares of the Companys Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Class A Common Stock), on the terms and subject to the conditions contained in this Agreement, pursuant to an effective registration statement under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act); and

WHEREAS, capitalized terms used in these Recitals that are not set out above are defined in Article1 below.

NOW THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Purchaser agree as follows:

1. Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following respective meanings:

Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble.

BSA/PATRIOT Act shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.6.

Business Day shall mean any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by law to close.

Class A Common Stock shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals.

Closing shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.

Closing Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.

Commission shall mean the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Company shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble.

control (including the terms controlling, controlled by and under common control with) with respect to any Person shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of share capital, capital stock or other equity securities, by contract or otherwise. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, a Person shall be deemed to control another Person if any of the following conditions is met: (i) in the case of corporate entities, direct or indirect ownership of more than fifty percent (50%) of the shares having the right to vote for the election of directors, and (ii) in the case of non-corporate entities, direct or indirect ownership of more than fifty percent (50%) of the equity interest with the power to direct the management and policies of such non-corporate entities.

Enforceability Exceptions shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2

Environmental Laws shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.12.

1

Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and all of the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

FINRA means the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.

FCPA means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

GAAP shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.7.

Indemnified Persons shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.4(a).

Lien shall mean any lien, charge, pledge, security interest, claim or other encumbrance.

Material Adverse Effect means (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys or its Subsidiaries ability to perform on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document.

Material Permits shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.32.

Money Laundering Laws shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.27.

Nasdaq shall mean The Nasdaq Capital Market (or any successors to the foregoing).

OFAC shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.26.

Per Share Price shall mean a purchase price per share of Class A Common Stock of $3.10.

Person shall mean any individual, corporation, limited liability company, limited or general partnership, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization, government, any agency or political subdivisions thereof or other Person as contemplated by Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act.

Placement Agent shall mean Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. and its affiliates as placement agent in connection with the purchase of Class A Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement. Unless the context otherwise requires, references to the Placement Agent shall be deemed to include the Placement Agents affiliates together with its and its affiliates respective officers, control persons, officers, directors, members, partners, agents, employees, representatives, legal advisers and assigns.

Placement Agent Agreement means that certain Placement Agent Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, between the Company and the Placement Agent.

Proceeding means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including an informal investigation or partial proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Prospectus means the final prospectus filed for the Registration Statement.

Prospectus Supplement means the supplement to the Prospectus complying with Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act that is filed with the Commission and delivered by the Company to each Purchaser at the Closing.

Purchaser shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Registration Statement means the effective registration statement with Commission file No. 333-283719 which registers the sale of the Subject Shares to the Purchaser.

Representatives shall mean, with respect to any Person, such Persons Affiliates and such Persons and each such Affiliates respective directors, officers, employees, managers, trustees, principals, shareholders, members, general or limited partners, agents and other representatives.

2

Rule 424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Sanctioned Person shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.6.

SEC Reports shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.7.

Securities Act shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals.

Subject Shares shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a).

Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Tax or Taxes shall mean any and all taxes, levies, fees, imposts, duties and charges of whatever kind (including any interest, penalties or additions to the tax imposed in connection therewith or with respect thereto) imposed by any governmental authority, including, without limitation, taxes imposed on, or measured by, income, franchise, profits or gross receipts, and any ad valorem, value added, sales, use, service, real or personal property, capital stock, license, payroll, withholding, employment, social security, workers compensation, unemployment compensation, utility, severance, production, excise, stamp, occupation, premium, windfall profits, transfer and gains taxes and customs or duties.

Transaction Documents means this Agreement and all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents or agreements, executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

U.S. shall mean the United States of America.

2. Purchase of Class A Common Stock.

2.1 Purchase of Class A Common Stock.

(a) Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, at the Closing the Company agrees to sell, with full title guarantee and free and clear of any encumbrances, and the Purchaser agrees to purchase, the number of shares of Class A Common Stock set forth opposite the Purchasers name on Annex A hereto under the heading Number of Shares Purchased (the Subject Shares) at the Per Share Price.

(b) At or prior to the Closing, the Purchaser shall pay the purchase price set forth opposite the Purchasers name on the Annex A attached hereto under the column headed Purchase Price by wire transfer of immediately available funds in accordance with the wire instructions provided in writing by the Company to the Purchaser prior to the Closing Date. On or before the Closing, the Company will instruct its transfer agent to make book-entry notations representing the Subject Shares, against delivery of the amount set forth opposite the Purchasers name on Annex A attached hereto under the column headed Number of Shares Purchased. In the event of the termination of this Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof, any payment by the Purchaser hereunder will be immediately returned by the Company to the Purchaser by wire transfer in immediately available funds to the account specified by the Purchaser.

2.2 Closing. The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the Closing) shall take place remotely via the exchange of documents and signatures, at 10:00 a.m., New York time on Wednesday, April 16, 2025 or at such other time and location reasonably acceptable to the Company and the Purchaser (the Closing Date). Promptly following the Closing, the Company shall deliver to the Purchaser a book-entry statement from the Companys transfer agent to the Purchaser evidencing the issue of the number of Subject Shares set forth opposite the Purchasers name on Annex A hereof under the column headed Number of Shares Purchased, registered in the name of the Purchaser as set forth on the Purchasers signature page hereto or its nominee in accordance with the Purchasers delivery instructions, free and clear of any Liens or other restrictions.

3

2.3 Company Deliverables. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, on or prior to the Closing, the Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Purchaser and (solely with respect to (a), (b) and (c) below) the Placement Agent:

(a) a certificate (i) evidencing that the Company has performed and complied in all material respects with the covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement that are required to be performed and complied with by the Company on or prior to the Closing Date and (ii) certifying that the conditions set forth in Section 6.2(b) hereof have been satisfied;

(b) a copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Companys transfer agent instructing the transfer agent to record in the stock ledger of the Company the issue of the Subject Shares to the Purchaser and to issue to the Purchaser book-entry notations representing the Subject Shares.

2.4 Purchaser Deliverables. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, on or prior to the Closing, the Purchaser shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, payment to the Company of the amount set forth opposite the Purchasers name on Annex A hereof under the column headed Purchase Price by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by the Company in accordance with the wire instructions provided in writing by the Company to the Purchaser prior to the Closing Date.

3. Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby represents and warrants to the Purchaser that the following representations and warranties are true and complete as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date:

3.1 Organization and Qualification. The Company is duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. The Company is presently qualified to do business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction in which it is required to be so qualified and in good standing in each such jurisdiction (except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect).

3.2 Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents, to issue the Subject Shares and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, its governing body, or its stockholders or shareholders in connection herewith or therewith other than in connection with the Required Approvals (as defined below). This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which the Company is a party has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when duly executed by the other parties thereto and delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law (collectively, the Enforceability Exceptions).

4

3.3 No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the issuance of the Subject Shares and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any material provision of the Companys certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

3.4 Filings, Consents and Approvals. No consent, approval, authorization, order, registration or qualification of or with any Governmental Authority is required for the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, the Placement Agent Agreement, the issuance and sale of the Subject Shares and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Placement Agent Agreement, except for such consents, approvals, authorizations, orders and registrations or qualifications as may be required under applicable state securities laws or by the bylaws and rules of FINRA or the Nasdaq in connection with the sale of the Subject Shares.).

3.5 Issuance of the Subject Shares. The Subject Shares to be issued and sold by the Company hereunder have been duly authorized and, when issued and delivered and paid for as provided herein, will be duly and validly issued, will be fully paid and non-assessable and will conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, and the issuance of the Subject Shares is not subject to any preemptive or similar rights.

3.6 Capitalization. The issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company have been validly issued, are fully paid and nonassessable and, other than as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, are not subject to any preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or similar rights. The Company has an authorized, issued and outstanding capitalization as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement as of the dates referred to therein (other than the grant of additional options under the Companys existing stock option plans, or changes in the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company due to the issuance of shares upon the exercise, conversion or settlement of securities that are outstanding on the date hereof exercisable for, convertible into, or settled for Common Stock) and such authorized capital stock conforms to the description thereof set forth in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement. The description of the securities of the Company in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement is complete and accurate in all material respects. Except as disclosed in or contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, as of the date referred to therein, the Company does not have outstanding any options to purchase, or any rights or warrants to subscribe for, or any securities or obligations convertible into, or exchangeable for, or any contracts or commitments to issue or sell, any shares of capital stock or other securities.

3.7 SEC Reports; Financial Statements. For the two years preceding the date hereof, the Company has timely filed all reports and other forms required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act (the SEC Reports). As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial year-end audit adjustments.

5

3.8 Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement (including any document deemed incorporated by reference therein), there has not been (i) any Material Adverse Effect or the occurrence of any development that the Company reasonably expects will result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) any transaction which is material to the Company and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (iii) any obligation or liability, direct or contingent (including any off-balance sheet obligations), incurred by the Company or any Subsidiary, which is material to the Company and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (iv) any material change in the capital stock or outstanding long-term indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (v) any dividend or distribution of any kind declared, paid or made on the capital stock of the Company or any Subsidiary, other than in each case above in the ordinary course of business or as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement (including any document deemed incorporated by reference therein).

3.9 Litigation. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, there are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any Governmental Authority pending, nor, to the Companys knowledge, any audits or investigations by or before any Governmental Authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is a party or to which any property of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is the subject that, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and, to the Companys knowledge, no such actions, suits, proceedings, audits or investigations are threatened or contemplated by any Governmental Authority or threatened by others; and to the Companys knowledge, (i) there are no current or pending audits or investigations, actions, suits or proceedings by or before any Governmental Authority that are required under the Securities Act to be described in the Prospectus that are not so described; and (ii) there are no contracts or other documents that are required under the Securities Act to be filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement that are not so filed.

3.10 Labor Relations. No labor disturbance by or dispute with employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is threatened which would result in a Material Adverse Effect.

3.11 Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree, or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

6

3.12 Environmental Laws. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, the Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with any and all applicable federal, state, local and foreign laws, rules, regulations, decisions and orders relating to the protection of human health and safety, the environment or hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants (collectively, Environmental Laws); (ii) have received and are in compliance with all permits, licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses as described in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement; and (iii) have not received notice of any actual or potential liability for the investigation or remediation of any disposal or release of hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants, except, in the case of any of clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) above, for any such failure to comply or failure to receive required permits, licenses, other approvals or liability as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

3.13 Title to Assets. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, the Company and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all items of real property owned by them, good and valid title to all personal property described in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement as being owned by them, in each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and claims, except those matters that (i) do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Any real or personal property described in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement as being leased by the Company and any of its Subsidiaries is held by them under valid, existing and enforceable leases, except those that (A) do not materially interfere with the use made or proposed to be made of such property by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (B) would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each of the properties of the Company and its Subsidiaries complies with all applicable codes, laws and regulations (including, without limitation, building and zoning codes, laws and regulations and laws relating to access to such properties), except if and to the extent disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement except for such failures to comply that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to interfere in any material respect with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and its Subsidiaries or otherwise reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Company or its Subsidiaries has received from any Governmental Authorities any notice of any condemnation of, or zoning change affecting, the properties of the Company and its Subsidiaries, and the Company knows of no such condemnation or zoning change which is threatened, except for such that would not reasonably be expected to interfere in any material respect with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and its Subsidiaries or otherwise reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, individually or in the aggregate.

3.14 Intellectual Property. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, the Company and its Subsidiaries own, possess, license or have other rights to use all foreign and domestic patents, patent applications, trade and service marks, trade and service mark registrations, trade names, copyrights, licenses, inventions, trade secrets, technology, Internet domain names, know-how and other intellectual property (collectively, the Intellectual Property), necessary for the conduct of their respective businesses as now conducted except to the extent that the failure to own, possess, license or otherwise hold adequate rights to use such Intellectual Property would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, (i) to the Companys knowledge, there are no rights of third parties to any such Intellectual Property owned by the Company and its Subsidiaries; (ii) to the Companys knowledge, there is no infringement by third parties of any such Intellectual Property; (iii) there is no pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging the Companys and its Subsidiaries rights in or to any such Intellectual Property, and the Company is unaware of any facts which could form a reasonable basis for any such action, suit, proceeding or claim; (iv) there is no pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging the validity or scope of any such Intellectual Property; (v) there is no pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others that the Company and its Subsidiaries infringe or otherwise violate any patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret or other proprietary rights of others; (vi) to the Companys knowledge, there is no third-party U.S. patent or published U.S. patent application which contains claims for which an Interference Proceeding (as defined in 35 U.S.C. 135) has been commenced against any patent or patent application described in the Prospectus as being owned by or licensed to the Company; and (vii) the Company and its Subsidiaries have complied with the terms of each agreement pursuant to which Intellectual Property has been licensed to the Company or such Subsidiary, and all such agreements are in full force and effect, except, in the case of any of clauses (i)-(vii) above, for any such infringement by third parties or any such pending or threatened suit, action, proceeding or claim as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

7

3.15 Insurance. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries carry, or are covered by, insurance in such amounts and covering such risks as the Company and each of its Subsidiaries reasonably believe are adequate for the conduct of their properties and as is customary for companies engaged in similar businesses in similar industries.

3.16 Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. There is and has been no failure on the part of the Company or any of the Companys directors or officers, in their capacities as such, to comply in all material respects with any applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Each of the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer of the Company (or each former principal executive officer of the Company and each former principal financial officer of the Company as applicable) has made all certifications required by Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act with respect to all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it or furnished by it to the Commission. For purposes of the preceding sentence, principal executive officer and principal financial officer shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

3.17 Certain Fees. No brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, except for fees payable to the Placement Agent. The Purchaser shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

3.18 Investment Company. Neither the Company, nor any Affiliate thereof, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Subject Shares, will not be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

3.19 Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Class A Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Class A Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration.

3.20 No Integration. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in this Article 3, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has, directly or through any agent, sold, offered for sale, solicited offers to buy or otherwise negotiated in respect of, any security (as defined in the Securities Act) under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Subject Shares to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of any applicable shareholder approval provisions of Nasdaq.

8

3.21 Tax Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all applicable income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such claim.

3.22 No General Solicitation. Neither the Company, nor any Person acting on behalf of the Company, has offered or sold any of the Subject Shares by any form of general solicitation or general advertising.

3.23 Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

3.24 No Disagreements with Accountants and Lawyers. There are no disagreements of any kind presently existing, or reasonably anticipated by the Company to arise, between the Company and the accountants and lawyers formerly or presently employed by the Company and the Company is current with respect to any fees owed to their accountants and lawyers which could affect the Companys ability to perform any of its obligations under any of the Transaction Documents.

3.25 Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Subject Shares, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Subject Shares, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company.

3.26 International Trade. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company (i) is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC) or the U.S. Department of State, (ii) has engaged in any unauthorized transaction involving an embargoed territory (i.e., Cuba, Iran, North Korea, or the Crimea region or Covered Regions of Ukraine), a national of an embargoed territory, or an entity organized or incorporated under the laws of an embargoed territory, (iii) has engaged in any unauthorized transaction involving a person on a U.S. restricted parties list, including but not limited to the Specially Designated Nationals List, Entity List, Denied Parties List, or Debarred List, or (iv) has materially violated any sanctions authorities administered by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State, export controls authorities administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce or U.S. Department of State, or customs or import authorities administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce, U.S. International Trade Commission, or U.S. Department of Homeland Security.

9

3.27 Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws), and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

3.28 Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports, except where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material Permits), and, to the Companys knowledge, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any Material Permit.

3.29 Transactions with Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports or otherwise disclosed in writing to the Purchaser prior to the date hereof, none of the officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $100,000 other than for (i) payment of salary, advisory or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

3.30 Solvency. Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the date hereof, after giving effect to the receipt by the Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Subject Shares on the date hereof, (i) the fair saleable value of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, exceeds the amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the existing debts and other liabilities (including known contingent liabilities) the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as they mature, (ii) the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements of the business conducted by the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii) the current cash flow of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, together with the proceeds the Company and its Subsidiaries would receive, were they to liquidate all of their assets, after taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when such amounts are required to be paid. The Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, do not intend to incur debts beyond their ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt).

10

3.31 Registration Statement, Prospectus and Prospectus Supplement. The Registration Statement in respect of the Subject Shares has been filed with the Commission; the Registration Statement was declared effective by the Commission. No order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued by the Commission, and no proceeding for that purpose or pursuant to Section 8A of the Securities Act against the Company or related to the offering of the Subject Shares has been initiated or threatened by the Commission; as of the applicable effective date of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, the Registration Statement and any such post-effective amendment complied and will comply in all material respects with the Securities Act, and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading; and as of the date of the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, and any amendment or supplement thereto, and as of the Closing Date, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement will comply in all material respects with the Securities Act and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that the Company makes no representation and warranty with respect to any statements or omissions made in reliance upon and in conformity with information relating to the Placement Agent furnished to the Company in writing by the Placement Agent expressly for use in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by the Placement Agent consists of the information described as such in Section 7(b) the Placement Agent Agreement.

3.32 Incorporated Documents. The documents incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, when they were filed with the Commission conformed in all material respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act, and none of such documents contained an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and any further documents so filed and incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement, when such documents are filed with the Commission, will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

3.33 Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of the Subject Shares. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Purchaser set forth in Section 4, the Company acknowledges and agrees that the Purchaser is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and that no Purchaser is, immediately prior to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (i) an officer or director of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (iii) to the knowledge of the Company, a beneficial owner of more than 10% of the Companys Common Stock (as defined for purposes of Rule 13d-3 of the 1934 Act).

3.34 No Implied Representations. Except for the representations and warranties contained in this Article 3, the Company has not made any express or implied representation or warranty, and the Company hereby disclaims any such representation or warranty with respect to, the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein.

4. Representations and Warranties of the Purchaser. The Purchaser represents and warrants to the Company and the Placement Agent as of the date hereof and the Closing Date:

4.1 Organization or Incorporation; Authority. The Purchaser is an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance by the Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of each respective Purchaser. The Transaction Document to which it is a party has been duly executed by the Purchaser, and when delivered by the Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of the Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject to the Enforceability Exceptions.

11

4.2 Own Account. The is acquiring the Subject Shares as principal for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling the Subject Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, has no present intention of distributing any of the Subject Shares in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Subject Shares in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law. The Purchaser is acquiring the Subject Shares hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.

4.3 Purchaser Status. At the time the Purchaser was offered the Subject Shares, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on the Closing Date, it will be either: (i) an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7) or (a)(8) under the Securities Act or (ii) a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A(a) under the Securities Act. The Purchaser is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby.

4.4 Experience of the Purchaser. The Purchaser, either alone or together with its Representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. The Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Subject Shares and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

4.5 Access to Information. The Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including all exhibits and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers from, Representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Subject Shares and the merits and risks of investing in the Subject Shares; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition, results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and the opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment. The Purchaser also acknowledges that it will, based on such other documents, information, and investigations as it shall deem appropriate at any time, continue to make its own investment decisions as to exercising or not exercising from time to time any rights and privileges available to it under the Transaction Documents.

4.6 Not Sanctioned. The Purchaser is not, and the Purchaser is not owned or controlled by or acting on behalf of, a Sanctioned Person. The Purchaser is not a non-U.S. shell bank or providing banking services to a non-U.S. shell bank. The Purchaser represents that if it is a financial institution subject to the Bank Secrecy Act (31 U.S.C. Section 5311 et seq.), as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 and its implementing regulations (collectively, the BSA/PATRIOT Act), that the Purchaser maintains policies and procedures reasonably designed to comply with its obligations under the BSA/PATRIOT Act. The Purchaser also represents that it maintains, to the extent required, either directly or through the use of a third-party administrator, policies and procedures reasonably designed for the screening of any investors against Sanctions-related lists of blocked or restricted persons and to ensure that the funds held by the Purchaser and used to purchase the Subject Shares are derived from lawful activities. For purposes of this Agreement, Sanctioned Person means at any time any person or entity: (i) listed on any Sanctions- related list of designated or blocked or restricted persons; (ii) that is a national of, the government of, or any agency or instrumentality of the government of, or resident in, or organized or incorporated under the laws of, a country or territory that is the target of comprehensive Sanctions from time to time; or (iii) owned or controlled by or acting on behalf of any of the foregoing.

12

4.7 Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, the Purchaser has not, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with the Purchaser, directly or indirectly, executed any purchases or sales of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that Purchaser first received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Purchaser is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of the Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of the Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Subject Shares covered by this Agreement. Other than to the Purchasers Representatives, including its officers, directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, the Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction).

4.8 No Implied Representations. Except for the representations and warranties contained in this Article 4, the Purchaser makes no express or implied representation or warranty, and the Purchaser hereby disclaims any such representation or warranty with respect to, the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein.

The Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in this Article 4 shall not modify, amend or affect the Purchasers right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties contained in any other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

5. Covenants.

5.1 Confidentiality. The Purchaser covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K, the Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information provided in connection therewith; provided, however, that any disclosure may be made by the Purchaser to the Purchasers Representatives or agents, including, but not limited to, the Purchasers legal, tax and investment advisors.

5.2 Nasdaq Matters. Prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall comply in all material respects with all listing, reporting, filing, and other obligations under the rules of Nasdaq. After the Closing Date, the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to continue the listing and trading of its Class A Common Stock on Nasdaq and, in accordance therewith, will use commercially reasonable efforts to comply in all material respects with all listing, reporting, filing, and other obligations under the rules of Nasdaq.

5.3 Securities Act Compliance. The Purchaser shall not transfer, sell, offer for sale, pledge or hypothecate the Subject Shares in violation of applicable securities laws.

13

5.4 Indemnification.

(a) The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Purchaser and its Affiliates, and their respective directors, officers, trustees, members, managers, employees, investment advisers and agents (collectively, the Indemnified Persons), from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation reasonable and documented attorney fees and disbursements and other documented out-of-pocket expenses reasonably incurred in connection with investigating, preparing or defending any action, claim or Proceeding, pending or threatened and the costs of enforcement thereof) to which such Indemnified Person may become subject as a result of any breach of representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by or to be performed on the part of the Company under this Agreement and will reimburse any such Indemnified Person for all such amounts as they are incurred by such Indemnified Person solely to the extent such amounts have been finally judicially determined not to have resulted from such Indemnified Persons fraud or willful misconduct.

(b) Any person entitled to indemnification hereunder shall (i) give prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of any claim with respect to which it seeks indemnification and (ii) permit such indemnifying party to assume the defense of such claim with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party; provided that any person entitled to indemnification hereunder shall have the right to employ separate counsel and to participate in the defense of such claim, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such person unless (a) the indemnifying party has agreed in writing to pay such fees or expenses, (b) the indemnifying party shall have failed to assume the defense of such claim and employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such person or (c) in the reasonable judgment of any such person, based upon written advice of its counsel, a conflict of interest exists between such person and the indemnifying party with respect to such claims (in which case, if the person notifies the indemnifying party in writing that such person elects to employ separate counsel at the expense of the indemnifying party, the indemnifying party shall not have the right to assume the defense of such claim on behalf of such person); and provided, further, that the failure of any indemnified party to give written notice as provided herein shall not relieve the indemnifying party of its obligations hereunder, except to the extent that such failure to give notice shall materially adversely affect the indemnifying party in the defense of any such claim or litigation. It is understood that the indemnifying party shall not, in connection with any Proceeding in the same jurisdiction, be liable for fees or expenses of more than one separate firm of attorneys at any time for all such indemnified parties. No indemnifying party will, except with the consent of the indemnified party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement unless such judgment or settlement (i) imposes no liability or obligation on, (ii) includes as an unconditional term thereof the giving of a complete, explicit and unconditional release from the party bringing such indemnified claims of all liability of the indemnified party in respect of such claim or litigation in favor of, and (iii) does not include any admission of fault, culpability, wrongdoing, or wrongdoing or malfeasance by or on behalf of, the indemnified party. No indemnified party will, except with the consent of the indemnifying party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement.

5.5 Company Lock-Up. Without the prior written consent of the Purchaser, the Company will not, and will not publicly disclose an intention to, during the period ending 30 days after the Closing Date (the Restricted Period), (i) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, make any short sale, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, or file with the Commission a registration statement under the Securities Act relating to, any of the Companys shares that are substantially similar to the shares of Common Stock, including but not limited to any options or warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or that represent the right to receive, Common Stock or any such substantially similar securities, or publicly disclose the intention to make any offer, sale, pledge, disposition or filing, or (ii) enter into any swap or other agreement that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of the Common Stock or any such other securities, whether any such transaction described in clause (i) or (ii) above is to be settled by delivery of Common Stock or such other securities, in cash or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent, other than (A) the Subject Shares to be sold hereunder, (B) the issuance of restricted Common Stock, restricted stock units or options to acquire Common Stock pursuant to the Companys employee benefit plans, qualified stock option plans or other employee compensation plans as such plans are in existence on the date of the Prospectus and described in the Registration Statement, (C) issuances of Common Stock upon the exercise, conversion or settlement of options, restricted stock units or convertible notes disclosed as outstanding in the Registration Statement; or (D) the purchase or sale of the Companys securities pursuant to a plan, contract or instruction, if any, that satisfies all of the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c)(1)(i)(B) that was in effect prior to the date of the Prospectus. The Company also will not, without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent, file any registration statement, preliminary prospectus or prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, under the Securities Act for any such transaction or which registers, or offers for sale, Common Stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock, except for a registration statement on Form S-8 relating to employee benefit plans described in the Registration Statement, during the Restricted Period.

14

5.6 Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) on the date hereof, issue a press release or Current Report on Form 8-K disclosing the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including a form of this Agreement as an exhibit thereto, with the Commission within four (4) business days following the Closing Date. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company represents to Purchaser that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to Purchaser by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective upon the issuance of such press release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates on the one hand, and Purchaser or any of its Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate.

5.7 Non-Public Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 5.6, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on its behalf will provide Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that the Company believes constitutes material non-public information, unless prior thereto Purchaser shall have entered into a written agreement with the Company regarding the confidentiality and use of such information. The Company understands and confirms that Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company delivers any material, non-public information to Purchaser without Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that Purchaser shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates not to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously, or promptly thereafter (but in no event more than one full trading day thereafter), publicly disclose such information via a press release or Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands and confirms that Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

15

6. Conditions Precedent.

6.1 Conditions to the Obligation of the Purchaser to Consummate the Closing. The obligation of the Purchaser to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, or due waiver in writing by the Purchaser, of the following conditions precedent:

(a) the Company shall have performed and complied in all material respects with all of the covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement that are required to be performed or complied with by it on or prior to the Closing Date;

(b) the representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects (other than those representations and warranties contained in Sections 3.1, 3.2, 3.5 and those representations and warranties that are qualified as to materiality or a Material Adverse Effect, which shall be true and correct in all respects) as of the Closing Date (except in the case of representations and warranties that are made as of a specified date, which shall be true and correct in all respects as of such specified date);

(c) the Company shall have filed with Nasdaq a Listing of Additional Shares notice form for the listing of the Subject Shares and shall not have received any objection to such notice from Nasdaq;

(d) the Company shall have delivered, or caused to be delivered, to the Purchaser at or prior to the Closing, as applicable, the Companys closing deliverables described in Section 2.3 hereof;

(e) since the date of this Agreement, no event or series of events shall have occurred that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(f) no stop order or suspension of trading shall have been imposed by Nasdaq, the Commission or any other governmental or regulatory body with respect to public trading in the Class A Common Stock. The Class A Common Stock shall be listed on Nasdaq and shall not have been suspended, as of the Closing Date, by the Commission or Nasdaq from trading thereon nor shall suspension by the Commission or Nasdaq have been threatened, as of the Closing Date, in writing by the Commission or Nasdaq; and

(g) the conditions set forth in Section 6 of the Placement Agent Agreement shall have been satisfied.

6.2 Conditions to the Obligation of the Company to Consummate the Closing. The obligation of the Company to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and sell and deliver the Subject Shares to the Purchaser at the Closing, is subject to the satisfaction, or due waiver in writing by the Company, of the following conditions precedent:

(a) the Purchaser shall have performed and complied in all material respects with all of the covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement that are required to be performed or complied with by it on or prior to the Closing Date;

(b) the representations and warranties of the Purchaser contained in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects (other than those representations and warranties contained in Section 4.1, which shall be true and correct in all respects) as of the Closing Date (except in the case of representations and warranties that are made as of a specified date, which shall be true and correct in all respects as of such specified date); and

(c) the Purchaser shall have delivered, or caused to be delivered, to the Company at or prior to the Closing, as applicable, the Purchasers closing deliverables described in Section 2.4 hereof.

7. Termination.

7.1 Conditions of Termination. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, this Agreement may be terminated:

(a) at any time before the Closing by mutual written consent of the Company and the Purchaser;

16

(b) if, on the Closing Date, any of the conditions of Closing set forth in Article 6 have not been satisfied as of the time required hereunder to be so satisfied or waived by the party entitled to grant such waiver, or are not capable of being satisfied and, as a result thereof, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not be and are not consummated; or

(c) at any time after the date that is five (5) Business Days after the date of this Agreement by either the Company, on the one hand, or the Purchaser, on the other hand, if the Closing shall not have occurred on or before such date,

provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to the preceding sub-paragraphs (b) or (c) of this Section 7.1 shall not be available to a party if the inability to satisfy any of the conditions to Closing was due primarily to the failure of such party to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement.

7.2 Effect of Termination. In the event of any termination pursuant to Section 7.1, this Agreement shall become null and void and have no further effect, with no liability on the part of the Company or the Purchaser, or their respective Affiliates or Representatives, with respect to this Agreement, except (a) for the terms of this Section 7.2, Section 5.1 and Section 8, which shall survive the termination of this Agreement, and (b) that nothing in this Section 7.2 shall relieve any party hereto from liability or damages incurred or suffered by any other party resulting from any intentional (x) breach of any representation or warranty of such first party or (y) failure of such first party to perform a covenant hereof.

8. Miscellaneous Provisions.

8.1 Survival. The representations and warranties set forth in Sections 3 and 4 of this Agreement shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Closing. The covenants made in this Agreement shall survive the Closing indefinitely until fully performed in accordance with their terms and remain operative and in full force and effect in accordance with their terms regardless of acceptance of any of the Subject Shares and payment therefor and repayment, conversion or repurchase thereof. The Purchaser shall be responsible only for its own representations, warranties, agreements and covenants hereunder.

8.2 Interpretation. The term or when used in this Agreement is not exclusive. The words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Agreement will refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement, and section and subsection references are to this Agreement unless otherwise specified. The headings in this Agreement are included for convenience of reference only and will not limit or otherwise affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever the words include, includes or including are used in this Agreement, they will be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation. The phrases the date of this Agreement, the date hereof and terms of similar import, unless the context otherwise requires, will be deemed to refer to the date set forth in the first paragraph of this Agreement. The meanings given to terms defined herein will be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of such terms. All matters to be agreed to by any party hereto must be agreed to in writing by such party unless otherwise indicated herein. Except as otherwise specified herein, references to agreements, policies, standards, guidelines or instruments, or to statutes or regulations, are to such agreements, policies, standards, guidelines or instruments, or statutes or regulations, as amended or supplemented from time to time (or to successors thereto). The parties hereto agree that they have been represented by counsel during the negotiation and execution of this Agreement and, therefore, waive the application of any Law, holding or rule of construction providing that ambiguities in an agreement or other document will be construed against the party drafting such agreement or document.

17

8.3 Notices. All notices, requests, Consents, and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed delivered (unless there is evidence that it was delivered earlier): (a) when delivered, if delivered personally; (b) five (5) Business Days after being sent via a reputable international courier service; or (c) at the time of sending if sent by e-mail, provided that receipt shall not occur if the sender receives an automated message that the e-mail has not been delivered to the recipient, in each case to the intended recipient as set forth below.

If to the Company:

Satellogic Inc.

210 Delburg Street

Davidson, NC 28036 Attn: Rick Dunn, CFO

Email: rick.dunn@satellogic.com; gc@satellogic.com

With a copy (which will not constitute notice) to:

King & Spalding LLP

1180 Peachtree Street NE Atlanta, GA 30309

Attn: Zack Davis

E-Mail: zdavis@kslaw.com

If to the Purchaser:

to the address set forth on Annex A hereto.

8.4 Severability. In the event that any provision of this Agreement, or the application thereof, becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement will continue in full force and effect and the application of such provision to other persons or circumstances will be interpreted so as reasonably to effect the intent of the parties hereto. The parties further agree to replace such void or unenforceable provision of this Agreement with a valid and enforceable provision that will achieve, to the extent possible, the economic, business and other purposes of such void or unenforceable provision.

8.5 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury.

(a) This Agreement and all matters relating hereto shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York without regard to choice of laws or conflicts of laws provisions thereof that would require the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction.

(b) The Company and the Purchaser hereby irrevocably and unconditionally:

(i) submits for itself and its property in any Action or Proceeding relating solely to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, to the general jurisdiction of the any state court or United States Federal court sitting in the City of New York in the State of New York;

(ii) consents that any such Action or Proceeding may be brought in such courts, and waives any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the venue of any such Action or Proceeding in any such court or that such Action or Proceeding was brought in an inconvenient court and agrees not to plead or claim the same to the extent permitted by applicable law;

(iii) agrees that service of process in any such Action or Proceeding may be effected by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified mail (or any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, to the party, as the case may be, at its address set forth in Section 8.3 or at such other address of which the other party shall have been notified pursuant thereto;

(iv) agrees that nothing herein shall affect the right to effect service of process in any other manner permitted by law or shall limit the right to sue in any other jurisdiction for recognition and enforcement of any judgment or if jurisdiction in the courts referenced in the foregoing clause (i) are not available despite the intentions of the parties hereto;

(v) agrees that final judgment in any such suit, Action or Proceeding brought in such a court may be enforced in the courts of any jurisdiction to which such party is subject by a suit upon such judgment, provided that service of process is effected upon such party in the manner specified herein or as otherwise permitted by law;

18

(vi) agrees that to the extent that such party has or hereafter may acquire any immunity from jurisdiction of any court or from any legal process with respect to itself or its property, such party hereby irrevocably waives such immunity in respect of its obligations under this Agreement, to the extent permitted by law; and

(vii) IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN RELATION TO THIS AGREEMENT.

8.6 Delays or Omissions; Waiver. No delay or omission to exercise any right, power, or remedy accruing to a party upon any breach or default of another party under this Agreement shall impair any such right, power, or remedy of such party, nor shall it be construed to be a waiver of any such breach or default, or an acquiescence therein, or of or in any similar breach or default thereafter occurring; nor shall any waiver of any single breach or default be deemed a waiver of any other breach or default theretofore or thereafter occurring. No waiver of any term, provision or condition of this Agreement, whether by conduct or otherwise, in any one or more instances, shall be deemed to be, or be construed as, a further or continuing waiver of any such term, provision or condition or as a waiver of any other term, provision or condition of this Agreement. Any agreement on the part of a party or parties hereto to any waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed on behalf of such party or parties, as applicable. Any delay in exercising any right under this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right.

8.7 Specific Performance. The parties hereto agree that the obligations imposed on them in this Agreement are special, unique and of an extraordinary character, and that irreparable damages for which money damages, even if available, may not be an adequate remedy, may occur in the event that the parties hereto do not perform the provisions of this Agreement in accordance with its specified terms or otherwise breach such provisions. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that the parties may be entitled to an injunction, specific performance and other equitable relief to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof, this being in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled, at law or in equity; and the parties hereto further agree to waive any requirement for the securing or posting of any bond or other security in connection with the obtaining of any such injunctive or other equitable relief.

8.8 Assignment. The Purchaser may not assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Company, other than to the following Persons, to whom the Purchaser may, after Closing, assign its rights and/or transfer its obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Company: any Affiliate or any other investment funds or accounts managed or advised by the investment manager who acts on behalf of the Purchaser. The Company may not assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Purchaser. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties to this Agreement and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Any purported assignment other than in compliance with the terms hereof shall be void ab initio. Any assignment and/or transfer of rights by the Purchaser under this Agreement following Closing to any Affiliate of the Purchaser shall enable such Affiliate to exercise such rights (including in respect of representations and warranties) as if such Affiliate were party to this Agreement as of the date hereof and acquired the Subject Shares directly from the Company at Closing.

19

8.9 Reliance by and Exculpation of Placement Agent.

(a) Purchaser agrees for the express benefit of the Placement Agent and its affiliates and representatives that (i) the Placement Agent and its affiliates and representatives have not made, and will not make any representations or warranties with respect to the Company or the offer and sale of the Subject Shares, and the Purchaser will not rely on any statements made by the Placement Agent, orally or in writing, to the contrary, (ii) Purchaser will be responsible for conducting its own due diligence investigation with respect to the Company and the offer and sale of the Subject Shares, (iii) Purchaser will be purchasing the Subject Shares based on the results of its own due diligence investigation of the Company and the Placement Agent and each of its respective directors, officers, employees, representatives, and controlling persons have made no independent investigation with respect to the Company, the Subject Shares, or the accuracy, completeness, or adequacy of any information supplied to the Purchaser by the Company, (iv) Purchaser has negotiated the offer and sale of the Subject Shares directly with the Company, and the Placement Agent will not be responsible for the ultimate success of any such investment and (v) the decision to invest in the Company will involve a significant degree of risk, including a risk of total loss of such investment. Purchaser further represents and warrants to the Placement Agent that it, including any fund or funds that it manages or advises that participates in the offer and sale of the Subject Shares, is permitted under its constitutive documents (including, without limitation, all limited partnership agreements, charters, bylaws, limited liability company agreements, all applicable side letters with investors, and similar documents) to make investments of the type contemplated by this Agreement. This Section 8.9 shall survive any termination of this Agreement.

(b) Neither the Placement Agent nor any of its affiliates or representatives (i) shall be liable for any improper payment made in accordance with the information provided by the Company; (ii) makes any representation or warranty, or has any responsibilities as to the validity, accuracy, value or genuineness of any information, certificates or documentation delivered by or on behalf of the Company pursuant to the Transaction Documents or in connection with any of the transactions contemplated therein; or (iii) shall be liable (A) for any action taken, suffered or omitted by any of them in good faith and reasonably believed to be authorized or within the discretion or rights or powers conferred upon it by the Transaction Documents or (B) for anything which any of them may do or refrain from doing in connection with the Transaction Documents, except in each case for such partys own gross negligence or willful misconduct.

8.10 No Third-Party Beneficiaries. Except as expressly described herein with respect to the Placement Agent, this Agreement does not create any rights, claims or benefits inuring to any Person that is not a party hereto nor create or establish any third party beneficiary hereto. The Placement Agent is an intended third-party beneficiary of the Company deliverables in Section 2.3 and the representations and warranties in Articles 3 and 4, Sections 8.9 and 8.12, and this Section 8.10. Without limiting the foregoing, the representations and warranties in this Agreement are the product of negotiations among the parties hereto and are for the sole benefit of the parties hereto and the Placement Agent. In some instances, the representations and warranties in this Agreement may represent an allocation among the parties hereto of risks associated with particular matters regardless of the knowledge of any of the parties hereto. Consequently, Persons other than the parties hereto and the Placement Agent may not rely upon the representations and warranties in this Agreement as characterizations of actual facts or circumstances as of the date of this Agreement or as of any other date.

8.11 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed and delivered (including by facsimile or electronic transmission) in any number of counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when executed shall be deemed an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute a single instrument.

8.12 Nature of Relationship. The Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that its relationship under this Agreement is purely contractual. Therefore, (i) this Agreement does not create a fiduciary relationship of any kind (partnership, agency, trust, employment or otherwise), nor (save as expressly provided herein) restrict or limit the activities of the parties in any way, (ii) no party is a representative or agent of any other party for any purpose whatsoever, and (iii) no party shall have any right, power or authority to make or enter into any commitments for or on behalf of any other party. Purchaser understands and acknowledges that the Placement Agent has acted solely as the agent of the Company in this placement of the Subject Shares, and Purchaser has not relied on the business or legal advice of the Placement Agent or any of its agents, counsel or affiliates in making its investment decision hereunder.

20

8.13 Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement and the documents and instruments and other agreements among the parties hereto as contemplated by or referred to herein, including the Exhibits hereto, constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto respecting the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements, negotiations, understandings, representations and statements respecting the subject matter hereof, whether written or oral. No modification, alteration or change in any of the terms of this Agreement shall be valid or binding upon the parties hereto unless made in writing and duly executed by the Company and the Purchaser.

8.14 No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Owners, Etc. No director, officer, employee, incorporator, equity holder, managing member, member, general partner, limited partner, principal or other agent of the Purchaser or the Company shall have any liability for any obligations of the Purchaser or the Company, as applicable, under this Agreement or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, the respective obligations of the Purchaser or the Company, as applicable, under this Agreement. Each party hereby waives and releases all such liability. This waiver and release are a material inducement to each partys entry into this Agreement.

8.15 Mutual Drafting. This Agreement is the joint product of the Purchaser and the Company, and each provision hereof has been subject to the mutual consultation, negotiation and agreement of such parties and shall not be construed for or against any party hereto.

[Signature Pages Follow]

21

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their duly appointed officers as of the date first above written.

COMPANY:

SATELLOGIC INC.

By: 

/s/ Rick Dunn

Name: 

Rick Dunn

Title: 

Chief Financial Officer

22

PURCHASER: 

ALYESKA MASTER FUND, L.P. 

By: 

/s/ Jason Bragg 

Name: 

Jason Bragg 

Title: 

CFO, Alyeska Investment Group, LP 

23

ANNEX A

Name and Address and Notice Details 

Number of 

Shares 

Purchased 

Purchase 

Price

6,451,612 

$3.10

Alyeska Master Fund, L.P.

c/o Maples Corporate Services Limited

P.O. Box 309

Ugland House

South Church Street

George Town, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104

Cayman Islands, British West Indies

Mailing:

Alyeska Master Fund, L.P.

ATTN: Jason Bragg

77 W. Wacker, Suite 700

Chicago, IL 60601

Email: Operations@alyeskagroup.com,

Pipelegal@alyeskagroup.com,

jbragg@alyeskagroup.com

24
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex_801762.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
ex_801762.htm

Exhibit 10.2

SATELLOGIC INC.

6,451,612 Shares of Class A Common Stock par value $0.0001 per share

Placement Agent Agreement

April 15, 2025

CANTOR FITZGERALD & CO.

As Placement Agent

c/o Cantor Fitzgerald & Co.

110 East 59th Street

New York, New York 10022

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Satellogic Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), proposes to issue and sell directly to various investors (each, an Investor and collectively, the Investors), pursuant to the terms of this Placement Agent Agreement (this Agreement) and the Securities Purchase Agreement in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto (the Securities Purchase Agreement) entered into with such Investors, an aggregate of 6,451,612 shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), of the Company (the Shares). The shares of Common Stock of the Company to be outstanding after giving effect to the sale of the Shares are referred to herein as the Stock.

The Company hereby confirms its agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. (the Placement Agent) concerning the purchase and sale of the Shares to the Investors, as follows:

1. Registration Statement. The Company has prepared and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder (collectively, the Securities Act), a registration statement (File No. 333-283719), including a prospectus, relating to the Shares. Such registration statement, as amended at the time it became effective, including the information, if any, deemed pursuant to Rule 430B or 430C under the Securities Act to be part of the registration statement at the time of its effectiveness (Rule 430 Information), is referred to herein as the Registration Statement; and as used herein, the term Prospectus means the prospectus in the form first used (or made available upon request of purchasers pursuant to Rule 173 under the Securities Act) in connection with confirmation of sales of the Shares. If the Company has filed an abbreviated registration statement pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act (the Rule 462 Registration Statement), then any reference herein to the term Registration Statement shall be deemed to include such Rule 462 Registration Statement. Any reference in this Agreement to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated by reference therein pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act, as of the effective date of the Registration Statement or the date of the Prospectus, as the case may be, and any reference to amend, amendment or supplement with respect to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement (including Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 thereto filed with the Commission on March 26, 2025), that has been declared effective, any prospectus supplement relating to the Shares filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act and any documents filed after such date under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder (collectively, the Exchange Act) that are deemed to be incorporated by reference therein. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus.

At or prior to the Applicable Time (as defined below), the Company had prepared the following information (collectively, the Pricing Disclosure Package): the base prospectus included in the Registration Statement, as amended and supplemented immediately prior to the Applicable Time, any preliminary prospectus supplement, and any written communication (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) that constitutes an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy the Shares (any such communication by the Company or its agents and representatives an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus) set forth on Annex A attached hereto, and the pricing information set forth on Annex A attached hereto.

Applicable Time means 8:30 A.M., New York City time, on April 15, 2025.

2. Sale, Purchase, Delivery and Payment of the Shares.

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Placement Agent shall be the exclusive Placement Agent in connection with the offering and sale by the Company of the Shares from time to time pursuant to the Registration Statement (such offering, the Offering), to be subject to market conditions and negotiations between the Company and the prospective Investors. The Placement Agent will act on a reasonable efforts basis, and the Company agrees and acknowledges that there is no guarantee of the successful placement of the Shares, or a portion thereof, in a prospective Offering. Under no circumstances will the Placement Agent or any of its affiliates be obligated to underwrite or purchase any of the Shares for its own account or otherwise provide any financing. Subject to the provisions of this Section 2, offers for the purchase of Shares may be solicited by the Placement Agent, as agent for the Company at such times and in such amounts as the Placement Agent deems advisable. The Placement Agent shall communicate to the Company, orally or in writing, each reasonable offer to purchase Shares received by it as agents of the Company. The Placement Agent shall have no authority to bind the Company with respect to any prospective offer to purchase Shares, and the Company shall have the sole right to accept offers to purchase Shares and may reject any such offer, in whole or in part. The Placement Agent shall have the right, in its discretion reasonably exercised, without notice to the Company, to reject any offer to purchase Shares received by it in whole or in part, and any such rejection shall not be deemed a breach of this Agreement. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, payment of the purchase price for, and delivery of, the Shares shall be made at the Closing (as defined below).

(b) Until the Closing Date (as defined below) or earlier upon termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 9, the Company shall not, without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent, solicit or accept offers to purchase the Shares otherwise than through the Placement Agent.

(c) The purchase of Shares by the Investors shall be evidenced by the execution of a Securities Purchase Agreement in form and substance consistent with Exhibit B hereto by each of the Investors and the Company.

(d) As compensation for services rendered, on the Closing Date, the Company shall pay to the Placement Agent by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account or accounts designated by the Placement Agent, an aggregate amount equal to 4.0% of the gross proceeds received by the Company (the Placement Fee) from the sale of the Shares on the Closing Date that were solicited by the Placement Agent. The Placement Agent may retain other brokers or dealers to act as sub-agents or selected-dealers on its behalf in connection with the Offering, the fees of which shall be paid out of the Placement Fee paid to the Placement Agent.

(e) No Shares which the Company has agreed to sell pursuant to this Agreement and the Securities Purchase Agreement shall be deemed to have been purchased and paid for, or sold by the Company, until such Shares shall have been delivered to the Investor thereof against payment by such Investor. If the Company shall default in its obligations to deliver such Shares to an Investor whose offer it has accepted, the Company shall indemnify and hold the Placement Agent harmless against any loss, claim, damage or liability arising from or as a result of such default by the Company in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 7 herein.

(f) The time and date of closing (the Closing) and delivery of the documents required to be delivered to the Placement Agent pursuant to Section 6 hereof shall be at 10:00 A.M., New York time, on April 16, 2025 (the Closing Date) at the office of DLA Piper LLP (US), 1251 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10020.

2

3. Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Placement Agent that:

(a) Pricing Disclosure Package. The Pricing Disclosure Package as of the Applicable Time did not, and as of the Closing Date will not, contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that the Company makes no representation and warranty with respect to any statements or omissions made in reliance upon and in conformity with information relating to the Placement Agent furnished to the Company in writing by such Placement Agent expressly for use in such Pricing Disclosure Package, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by the Placement Agent consists of the information described as such in Section 7(b) hereof.

(b) Issuer Free Writing Prospectus. Other than the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, the Company (including its agents and representatives, other than the Placement Agent in its capacity as such) has not prepared, used, authorized, approved or referred to and will not prepare, use, authorize, approve or refer to any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus other than (i) any document not constituting a prospectus pursuant to Section 2(a)(10)(a) of the Securities Act or Rule 134 under the Securities Act or (ii) the documents listed on Annex A hereto, each electronic road show and any other written communications approved in writing in advance by the Placement Agent. Each such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus complied in all material respects with the Securities Act, has been or will be (within the time period specified in Rule 433) filed in accordance with the Securities Act (to the extent required thereby) and does not conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement or the Pricing Disclosure Package, and did not, and as of the Closing Date will not, contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that the Company makes no representation and warranty with respect to any statements or omissions made in each such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus in reliance upon and in conformity with information relating to the Placement Agent furnished to the Company in writing by the Placement Agent expressly for use in such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by the Placement Agent consists of the information described as such in Section 7(b) hereof.

(c) Registration Statement and Prospectus. The Registration Statement in respect of the Shares has been filed with the Commission; the Registration Statement was declared effective by the Commission. No order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued by the Commission, and no proceeding for that purpose or pursuant to Section 8A of the Securities Act against the Company or related to the offering of the Shares has been initiated or threatened by the Commission; as of the applicable effective date of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, the Registration Statement and any such post-effective amendment complied and will comply in all material respects with the Securities Act, and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading; and as of the date of the Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto and as of the Closing Date, the Prospectus will comply in all material respects with the Securities Act and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that the Company makes no representation and warranty with respect to any statements or omissions made in reliance upon and in conformity with information relating to the Placement Agent furnished to the Company in writing by the Placement Agent expressly for use in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by the Placement Agent consists of the information described as such in Section 7(b) hereof.

(d) Incorporated Documents. The documents incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, when they were filed with the Commission conformed in all material respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act, and none of such documents contained an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and any further documents so filed and incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, when such documents are filed with the Commission, will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

3

(e) Stock Exchange Listing. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and is currently listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market (the Nasdaq Market) under the trading symbol SATL. The Company has taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act, delisting the Common Stock from the Nasdaq Market, nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission or the Nasdaq Market is contemplating terminating such registration or listing. To the Companys knowledge, it is in compliance with all applicable listing requirements of the Nasdaq Market.

(f) Financial Information. The consolidated financial statements of the Company included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, together with the related notes and schedules, present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company and the Subsidiaries (as defined below) as of the dates indicated and the consolidated results of operations, cash flows and changes in stockholders equity of the Company for the periods specified and have been prepared in compliance with the requirements of the Securities Act and Exchange Act and in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved; the other financial and statistical data with respect to the Company and the Subsidiaries (as defined below) contained or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, are accurately and fairly presented and prepared on a basis consistent with the financial statements and books and records of the Company or were obtained or derived from sources which the Company reasonably and in good faith believes are reliable and accurate; there are no financial statements (historical or pro forma) that are required to be included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, or the Prospectus that are not included or incorporated by reference as required; the Company and the Subsidiaries (as defined below) do not have any material liabilities or obligations, direct or contingent (including any off-balance sheet obligations), not described in the Registration Statement (excluding the exhibits thereto), the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; and all disclosures contained or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus regarding non-GAAP financial measures (as such term is defined by the rules and regulations of the Commission) comply, in all material respects, with Regulation G of the Exchange Act and Item 10 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act, to the extent applicable. The interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and has been prepared in accordance with the Commissions rules and guidelines applicable thereto.

(g) Conformity with EDGAR Filing. The Prospectus delivered to the Placement Agent for use in connection with the sale of the Shares pursuant to this Agreement will be identical to the versions of the Prospectus created to be transmitted to the Commission for filing via the Commissions Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval system (EDGAR), except to the extent permitted by Regulation ST.

(h) Organization. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are duly organized or incorporated, validly existing as a corporation and in good standing under the laws of their respective jurisdictions of organization or incorporation. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are duly licensed or qualified as a foreign corporation for transaction of business and in good standing under the laws of each other jurisdiction in which their respective ownership or lease of property or the conduct of their respective businesses requires such license or qualification, and have all corporate power and authority necessary to own or hold their respective properties and to conduct their respective businesses as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing or have such power or authority would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect or would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the assets, business, operations, earnings, properties, condition (financial or otherwise), prospects, stockholders equity or results of operations of the Company and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole, or prevent or materially interfere with consummation of the transactions contemplated under this Agreement and the Securities Purchase Agreement (a Material Adverse Effect).

4

(i) Subsidiaries. The subsidiaries listed in Exhibit 21.1 to the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission (collectively, the Subsidiaries), are the Companys only significant subsidiaries (as such term is defined in Rule 102 of Regulation SX promulgated by the Commission). Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (i) the Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the equity interests of the Subsidiaries free and clear of any lien, charge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal or other restriction, and all the equity interests of the Subsidiaries are validly issued and are fully paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive and similar rights and (ii) no Subsidiary is currently prohibited, directly or indirectly, from paying any dividends to the Company, from making any other distribution on such Subsidiarys capital stock, from repaying to the Company any loans or advances to such Subsidiary from the Company or from transferring any of such Subsidiarys property or assets to the Company or any other Subsidiary of the Company.

(j) No Violation or Default. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is (i) in violation of its charter or by-laws or similar organizational documents; (ii) in default, and no event has occurred that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute such a default, in the due performance or observance of any term, covenant or condition contained in any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement or other agreement or instrument to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or to which any of the property or assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries are subject; or (iii) in violation of any law or statute or any judgment, order, rule or regulation of any Governmental Authority, including laws, rules and regulations promulgated by the United States Department of Defense (DoD), Federal Communications Commission (FCC), Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), the Arms Export Control Act, the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA), the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR), the Export Administration Regulations (EAR) and the economic, financial and trade sanctions laws and regulations administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), the Department of Commerce (DoC), Customs and Border Protection (CBP) and similar rules and regulations in the United States and abroad that are applicable to the Company or its Subsidiaries, except, in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, for any such violation or default that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To the Companys knowledge, no other party under any material contract or other agreement to which it or any of its Subsidiaries is a party is in default in any respect thereunder where such default would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(k) No Material Adverse Change. Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (including any document deemed incorporated by reference therein), there has not been (i) any Material Adverse Effect or the occurrence of any development that the Company reasonably expects will result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) any transaction which is material to the Company and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (iii) any obligation or liability, direct or contingent (including any off-balance sheet obligations), incurred by the Company or any Subsidiary, which is material to the Company and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (iv) any material change in the capital stock or outstanding long-term indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (v) any dividend or distribution of any kind declared, paid or made on the capital stock of the Company or any Subsidiary, other than in each case above in the ordinary course of business or as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (including any document deemed incorporated by reference therein).

(l) Capitalization. The issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company have been validly issued, are fully paid and nonassessable and, other than as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, are not subject to any preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or similar rights. The Company has an authorized, issued and outstanding capitalization as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus as of the dates referred to therein (other than the grant of additional options under the Companys existing stock option plans, or changes in the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company due to the issuance of shares upon the exercise, conversion or settlement of securities that are outstanding on the date hereof exercisable for, convertible into, or settled for Common Stock) and such authorized capital stock conforms to the description thereof set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. The description of the securities of the Company in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus is complete and accurate in all material respects. Except as disclosed in or contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, as of the date referred to therein, the Company does not have outstanding any options to purchase, or any rights or warrants to subscribe for, or any securities or obligations convertible into, or exchangeable for, or any contracts or commitments to issue or sell, any shares of capital stock or other securities.

5

(m) Authorization; Enforceability. The Company has full legal right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and the Securities Purchase Agreement, and to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder. Each of this Agreement and the Securities Purchase Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and is a legal, valid and binding agreement of the Company enforceable in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and by general equitable principles.

(n) The Shares. The Shares to be issued and sold by the Company hereunder have been duly authorized and, when issued and delivered and paid for as provided herein, will be duly and validly issued, will be fully paid and non-assessable and will conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, and the issuance of the Shares is not subject to any preemptive or similar rights.

(o) No Consents Required. No consent, approval, authorization, order, registration or qualification of or with any Governmental Authority is required for the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, the Securities Purchase Agreement, the issuance and sale of the Shares and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Securities Purchase Agreement, except for such consents, approvals, authorizations, orders and registrations or qualifications as may be required under applicable state securities laws or by the bylaws and rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) or the Nasdaq Market in connection with the sale of the Shares.

(p) No Preferential Rights. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, (i) no person, as such term is defined in Rule 102 of Regulation SX promulgated under the Securities Act (each, a Person), has the right, contractual or otherwise, to cause the Company to issue or sell to such Person any Common Stock or shares of any other capital stock or other securities of the Company, (ii) no Person has any preemptive rights, resale rights, rights of first refusal, rights of co-sale, or any other rights (whether pursuant to a poison pill provision or otherwise) to purchase any Common Stock or shares of any other capital stock or other securities of the Company, (iii) no Person has the right to act as an underwriter or as a financial advisor to the Company in connection with the offer and sale of the Common Stock, and (iv) no Person has the right, contractual or otherwise, to require the Company to register under the Securities Act any Common Stock or shares or other securities of the Company, or to include any such shares of any other capital stock or other securities in the Registration Statement or the offering contemplated thereby, whether as a result of the filing or effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the sale of the Shares as contemplated thereby or otherwise.

(q) Independent Public Accounting Firm. Ernst & Young LLP (the Accountant), whose report on the consolidated financial statements of the Company is filed with the Commission as part of the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission and incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, are and, during the periods covered by their report, were an independent registered public accounting firm within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). To the Companys knowledge, the Accountant is not in violation of the auditor independence requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) with respect to the Company.

(r) Enforceability of Agreements. All agreements between the Company and third parties expressly referenced in the Prospectus are legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, except to the extent that (i) enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and by general equitable principles and (ii) the indemnification provisions of certain agreements may be limited by federal or state securities laws or public policy considerations in respect thereof, and except for any unenforceability that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

6

(s) No Litigation. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any Governmental Authority pending, nor, to the Companys knowledge, any audits or investigations by or before any Governmental Authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is a party or to which any property of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is the subject that, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and, to the Companys knowledge, no such actions, suits, proceedings, audits or investigations are threatened or contemplated by any Governmental Authority or threatened by others; and to the Companys knowledge, (i) there are no current or pending audits or investigations, actions, suits or proceedings by or before any Governmental Authority that are required under the Securities Act to be described in the Prospectus that are not so described; and (ii) there are no contracts or other documents that are required under the Securities Act to be filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement that are not so filed.

(t) Consents and Permits. The Company and each Subsidiary possess such valid and current certificates, authorizations or permits issued by the appropriate state, federal or foreign regulatory agencies or bodies necessary to conduct their respective businesses, including those required by the DoD, FCC, EPA, Arms Export Control Act, IEEPA, ITAR, EAR, OFAC, DoC, and CBP (collectively, the Governmental Permits) and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, or has any reason to believe that it will receive, any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of, or non-compliance with, any such certificate, authorization or Governmental Permit which, singly or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(u) Intellectual Property. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company and its Subsidiaries own, possess, license or have other rights to use all foreign and domestic patents, patent applications, trade and service marks, trade and service mark registrations, trade names, copyrights, licenses, inventions, trade secrets, technology, Internet domain names, know-how and other intellectual property (collectively, the Intellectual Property), necessary for the conduct of their respective businesses as now conducted except to the extent that the failure to own, possess, license or otherwise hold adequate rights to use such Intellectual Property would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, (i) to the Companys knowledge, there are no rights of third parties to any such Intellectual Property owned by the Company and its Subsidiaries; (ii) to the Companys knowledge, there is no infringement by third parties of any such Intellectual Property; (iii) there is no pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging the Companys and its Subsidiaries rights in or to any such Intellectual Property, and the Company is unaware of any facts which could form a reasonable basis for any such action, suit, proceeding or claim; (iv) there is no pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging the validity or scope of any such Intellectual Property; (v) there is no pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others that the Company and its Subsidiaries infringe or otherwise violate any patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret or other proprietary rights of others; (vi) to the Companys knowledge, there is no third-party U.S. patent or published U.S. patent application which contains claims for which an Interference Proceeding (as defined in 35 U.S.C. 135) has been commenced against any patent or patent application described in the Prospectus as being owned by or licensed to the Company; and (vii) the Company and its Subsidiaries have complied with the terms of each agreement pursuant to which Intellectual Property has been licensed to the Company or such Subsidiary, and all such agreements are in full force and effect, except, in the case of any of clauses (i)-(vii) above, for any such infringement by third parties or any such pending or threatened suit, action, proceeding or claim as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(v) Market Capitalization. At the time the Registration Statement was declared effective, and at the time the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K was filed with the Commission, the Company meets the then applicable requirements for the use of Form S-3 under the Securities Act, including, but not limited to, General Instruction I.B.1 of Form S-3. The Company is not a shell company (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) and has not been a shell company for at least 12 calendar months previously.

(w) FINRA Matters. The information provided to the Placement Agent by the Company, its counsel, and its officers and directors for purposes of the Placement Agents compliance with applicable FINRA rules in connection with the offering of the Shares is true, complete, and correct and compliant with FINRAs rules. The Company meets the definition of the term experienced issuer specified in FINRA Rule 5110(j)(6). Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company does not have a conflict of interest with any member participating in the distribution of the offering as such term is defined and in accordance with the provisions of Conduct Rule 5121 of FINRA. There is a bona fide public market for the Common Stock, as such term is defined in FINRA Rule 5121. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there are no affiliations among the Companys directors and officers and members of FINRA.

7

(x) No Material Defaults. Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries has defaulted on any installment on indebtedness for borrowed money or on any rental on one or more long-term leases, which defaults, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has not filed a report pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act since the filing of its last Annual Report on Form 10-K, indicating that it (i) has failed to pay any dividend or sinking fund installment on preferred stock or (ii) has defaulted on any installment on indebtedness for borrowed money or on any rental on one or more long-term leases, which defaults, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(y) Certain Market Activities. Neither the Company, nor any of the Subsidiaries, nor any of their respective directors, officers or controlling persons has taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed, or that has constituted or would reasonably be expected to cause or result in, under the Exchange Act or otherwise, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Shares.

(z) Broker/Dealer Relationships. Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries (i) is required to register as a broker or dealer in accordance with the provisions of the Exchange Act or (ii) directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is a person associated with a member or associated person of a member (within the meaning set forth in the FINRA Manual).

(aa) No Reliance. The Company has not relied upon the Placement Agent or legal counsel for the Placement Agent for any legal, tax or accounting advice in connection with the offering and sale of the Shares.

(bb) Taxes. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have filed all federal, state, local and foreign tax returns which have been required to be filed and paid all taxes shown thereon through the date hereof, to the extent that such taxes have become due and are not being contested in good faith, except where the failure to so file or pay would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as otherwise disclosed in or contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, no tax deficiency has been determined adversely to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries which has had, or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has no knowledge of any federal, state or other governmental tax deficiency, penalty or assessment which has been or might be asserted or threatened against it which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(cc) Title to Real and Personal Property. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all items of real property owned by them, good and valid title to all personal property described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus as being owned by them, in each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and claims, except those matters that (i) do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Any real or personal property described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus as being leased by the Company and any of its Subsidiaries is held by them under valid, existing and enforceable leases, except those that (A) do not materially interfere with the use made or proposed to be made of such property by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (B) would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each of the properties of the Company and its Subsidiaries complies with all applicable codes, laws and regulations (including, without limitation, building and zoning codes, laws and regulations and laws relating to access to such properties), except if and to the extent disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus except for such failures to comply that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to interfere in any material respect with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and its Subsidiaries or otherwise reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Company or its Subsidiaries has received from any Governmental Authorities any notice of any condemnation of, or zoning change affecting, the properties of the Company and its Subsidiaries, and the Company knows of no such condemnation or zoning change which is threatened, except for such that would not reasonably be expected to interfere in any material respect with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and its Subsidiaries or otherwise reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, individually or in the aggregate.

8

(dd) Environmental Laws. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with any and all applicable federal, state, local and foreign laws, rules, regulations, decisions and orders relating to the protection of human health and safety, the environment or hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants (collectively, Environmental Laws); (ii) have received and are in compliance with all permits, licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; and (iii) have not received notice of any actual or potential liability for the investigation or remediation of any disposal or release of hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants, except, in the case of any of clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) above, for any such failure to comply or failure to receive required permits, licenses, other approvals or liability as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(ee) Internal Accounting and Disclosure Controls. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries maintain systems of internal accounting controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Companys internal control over financial reporting is effective and the Company is not aware of any material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting (other than as set forth in the Prospectus). Since the date of the latest audited financial statements of the Company included in the Prospectus, there has been no change in the Companys internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting (other than as set forth in the Prospectus). Since the date of the latest audited financial statements of the Company included in the Prospectus, there has been no change in the Companys internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting (other than as set forth in the Prospectus). The Company has established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a15 and 15d15) for the Company and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that material information relating to the Company and each of its Subsidiaries is made known to the certifying officers by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which the Companys Annual Report on Form 10K or Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as the case may be, is being prepared. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the Companys disclosure controls and procedures as of a date within 90 days prior to the filing date of the Form 10K for the fiscal year most recently ended (such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its Form 10K for the fiscal year most recently ended the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date and the disclosure controls and procedures are effective. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no significant changes in the Companys internal controls (as such term is defined in Item 307(b) of Regulation SK under the Securities Act) or, to the Companys knowledge, in other factors that could significantly affect the Companys internal controls.

(ff) Sarbanes-Oxley. There is and has been no failure on the part of the Company or any of the Companys directors or officers, in their capacities as such, to comply in all material respects with any applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Each of the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer of the Company (or each former principal executive officer of the Company and each former principal financial officer of the Company as applicable) has made all certifications required by Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act with respect to all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it or furnished by it to the Commission. For purposes of the preceding sentence, principal executive officer and principal financial officer shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

9

(gg) Finders Fees. Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries has incurred any liability for any finders fees, brokerage commissions or similar payments in connection with the transactions herein contemplated, except as may otherwise exist with respect to the Placement Agent pursuant to this Agreement.

(hh) Labor Disputes. No labor disturbance by or dispute with employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is threatened which would result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(ii) Investment Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries is or, after giving effect to the offering and sale of the Shares and the application of the proceeds thereof as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, will be an investment company or an entity controlled by an investment company, as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act).

(jj) Operations. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance in all material respects with applicable financial record keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the money laundering statutes of all jurisdictions to which the Company or its Subsidiaries are subject, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any Governmental Authority (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws); and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any Governmental Authority involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened.

(kk) Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements. There are no transactions, arrangements and other relationships between and/or among the Company, and/or any of its affiliates and any unconsolidated entity, including, but not limited to, any structured finance, special purpose or limited purpose entity (each, an Off-Balance Sheet Transaction) that could reasonably be expected to affect materially the Companys liquidity or the availability of or requirements for its capital resources, including those Off-Balance Sheet Transactions described in the Commissions Statement about Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations (Release Nos. 338056; 3445321; FR61), required to be described in the Prospectus which have not been described as required.

(ll) ERISA. To the knowledge of the Company, each material employee benefit plan, within the meaning of Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), that is maintained, administered or contributed to by the Company or any of its affiliates for employees or former employees of the Company and any of its Subsidiaries has been maintained in material compliance with its terms and the requirements of any applicable statutes, orders, rules and regulations, including but not limited to ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code); no prohibited transaction, within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, has occurred which would result in a material liability to the Company with respect to any such plan excluding transactions effected pursuant to a statutory or administrative exemption; and for each such plan that is subject to the funding rules of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, no accumulated funding deficiency as defined in Section 412 of the Code has been incurred, whether or not waived, and the fair market value of the assets of each such plan (excluding for these purposes accrued but unpaid contributions) exceeds the present value of all benefits accrued under such plan determined using reasonable actuarial assumptions.

(mm) Forward-Looking Statements. No forward-looking statement (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act) (a Forward-Looking Statement) contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus has been made or reaffirmed without a reasonable basis or has been disclosed other than in good faith.

(nn) Placement Agent Purchases.The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Placement Agent has informed the Company that it may, to the extent permitted under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, purchase and sell Common Stock for its own account while this Agreement is in effect, provided, that the Company shall not be deemed to have authorized or consented to any such purchases or sales by the Placement Agent.

10

(oo) Margin Rules. Neither the issuance, sale and delivery of the Shares nor the application of the proceeds thereof by the Company as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus will violate Regulation T, U or X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or any other regulation of such Board of Governors.

(pp) Insurance. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries carry, or are covered by, insurance in such amounts and covering such risks as the Company and each of its Subsidiaries reasonably believe are adequate for the conduct of their properties and as is customary for companies engaged in similar businesses in similar industries.

(qq) No Improper Practices. (i) Neither the Company nor the Subsidiaries, nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, or employee of the Company or any Subsidiary or any agent, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary has, in the past five years, made any unlawful contributions to any candidate for any political office (or failed fully to disclose any contribution in violation of applicable law) or made any contribution or other payment to any official of, or candidate for, any federal, state, municipal, or foreign office or other person charged with similar public or quasi-public duty in violation of any applicable law or of the character required to be disclosed in the Prospectus; (ii) no relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company or any Subsidiary or any affiliate of any of them, on the one hand, and the directors, officers and stockholders of the Company or any Subsidiary, on the other hand, that is required by the Securities Act to be described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus that is not so described; (iii) no relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company or any Subsidiary or any affiliate of them, on the one hand, and the directors, officers, stockholders (or other equityholders) of the Company or any Subsidiary, on the other hand, that is required by the rules of FINRA to be described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus that is not so described; (iv) except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there are no material outstanding loans or advances or material guarantees of indebtedness by the Company or any Subsidiary to or for the benefit of any of their respective officers or directors or any of the members of the families of any of them; and (v) the Company has not offered, or caused any placement agent to offer, Common Stock to any person with the intent to influence unlawfully (A) a customer or supplier of the Company or any Subsidiary to alter the customers or suppliers level or type of business with the Company or any Subsidiary or (B) a trade journalist or publication to write or publish favorable information about the Company or any Subsidiary or any of their respective products or services, and, (vi) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor any director, officer or employee of the Company or any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any agent, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary has (A) violated or is in violation of any applicable provision of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption law (collectively, Anti-Corruption Laws), (B) promised, offered, provided, attempted to provide or authorized the provision of anything of value, directly or indirectly, to any person for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, influencing any act or decision of the recipient, or securing any improper advantage; or (C) made any payment of funds of the Company or any Subsidiary or received or retained any funds in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws.

(rr) Status Under the Securities Act. The Company was not and is not an ineligible issuer as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act at the times specified in Rules 164 and 433 under the Securities Act in connection with the offering of the Shares.

(ss) No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the Securities Purchase Agreement, the issuance and sale of the Shares and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Securities Purchase Agreement, or the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus will not conflict with, or result in a breach of, any of the terms and provisions of, or has constituted or will constitute a default under, or has resulted in or will result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company pursuant to the terms of any contract or other agreement to which the Company may be bound or to which any of the property or assets of the Company is subject, except (i) such conflicts, breaches or defaults as may have been waived and (ii) such conflicts, breaches and defaults that would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; nor will such action result (x) in any violation of the provisions of the organizational or governing documents of the Company, or (y) in any material violation of the provisions of any statute or any order, rule or regulation applicable to the Company or of any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Company, except where such violation would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

11

(tt) Sanctions. (i) The Company represents that, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries (collectively, the Entity) nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, employee, agent, affiliate or representative of the Entity, is a government, individual, or entity (in this paragraph (ww), Person) that is, or is owned or controlled by a Person that is:

(A) the subject of any sanctions administered or enforced by OFAC, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majestys Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authorities, including, without limitation, designation on OFACs Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List or OFACs Foreign Sanctions Evaders List (as amended, collectively, Sanctions), nor

(B) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions that broadly prohibit dealings with that country or territory (including, without limitation, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic and the Crimea Region of the Ukraine) (the Sanctioned Countries).

(ii) The Company represents and covenants that the Entity will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the offering, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person:

(A) to fund or facilitate any activities or business of or with any Person or in any country or territory that, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject of Sanctions or is a Sanctioned Country; or

(B) in any other manner that will result in a violation of Sanctions by any Person (including any Person participating in the offering, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise).

(iii) The Company represents and covenants that, except as detailed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, for the past five (5) years, the Entity has not engaged in, is not now engaging in, and will not engage in, any dealings or transactions with any Person, or in any country or territory, that at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was the subject of Sanctions or is or was a Sanctioned Country.

(uu) Stock Transfer Taxes. On the Closing Date, all stock transfer or other taxes (other than income taxes) which are required to be paid in connection with the sale and transfer of the Shares to be sold hereunder will be, or will have been, fully paid or provided for by the Company and all laws imposing such taxes will be or will have been fully complied with.

(vv) Compliance with Laws. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and statutes (including all environmental laws and regulations) in the jurisdictions in which it carries on business; the Company has not received a notice of non-compliance, nor knows of any facts that would reasonably be expected to give rise to a notice of non-compliance with any such laws, regulations and statutes, and is not aware of any pending change or publicly proposed change to any such laws, regulations or statutes; in each case that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the business of the Company.

(ww) Statistical and Market-Related Data. The statistical, demographic and market-related data included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus are based on or derived from sources that the Company believes to be reliable and accurate or represent the Companys good faith estimates that are made on the basis of data derived from such sources.

12

(xx) Cybersecurity. The Company and its Subsidiaries information technology assets and equipment, computers, systems, networks, hardware, software, websites, applications, and databases (collectively, IT Systems) are adequate for, and operate and perform in all material respects as required in connection with the operation of the business of the Company as currently conducted, free and clear of all material bugs, errors, defects, Trojan horses, time bombs, malware and other corruptants. The Company and its Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable physical, technical and administrative controls, policies, procedures, and safeguards to maintain and protect their material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and data, including all Personal Data (defined below) and all sensitive, confidential or regulated data (Confidential Data) used in connection with their businesses. Personal Data means (i) a natural persons name, street address, telephone number, e-mail address, photograph, social security number or tax identification number, drivers license number, passport number, credit card number, bank information, or customer or account number; (ii) any information which would qualify as personally identifying information under the Federal Trade Commission Act, as amended; (iii) personal data as defined by GDPR; (iv) to the extent applicable to the Company, any information which would qualify as protected health information under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (collectively, HIPAA); (v) any personal information as defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA); and (vi) any other piece of information that allows the identification of such natural person, or his or her family, or permits the collection or analysis of any data related to an identified persons health or sexual orientation. There have been no breaches, violations, outages or unauthorized uses of or accesses to same, except for those that have been remedied without material cost or liability or the duty to notify any other person, nor any incidents under internal review or investigations relating to the same. The Company and its Subsidiaries are presently in material compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems, Confidential Data, and Personal Data and to the protection of such IT Systems, Confidential Data, and Personal Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification.

(yy) Compliance with Data Privacy Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries are, and at all prior times were, in material compliance with all applicable state and federal data privacy and security laws and regulations, including without limitation HIPAA, CCPA, and the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU 2016/679) (collectively, the Privacy Laws). To ensure compliance with the Privacy Laws, the Company has in place, complies with, and takes appropriate steps to ensure compliance in all material respects with their policies and procedures relating to data privacy and security and the collection, storage, use, processing, disclosure, handling, and analysis of Personal Data and Confidential Data (the Policies). Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, the Company has at all times made all disclosures to users or customers required by applicable laws and regulatory rules or requirements, and none of such disclosures made or contained in any Policy have been inaccurate or in violation of any applicable laws and regulatory rules or requirements in any material respect. The Company further certifies that neither it nor any subsidiary: (i) has received notice of any actual or potential liability under or relating to, or actual or potential violation of, any of the Privacy Laws, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in any such notice; (ii) is currently conducting or paying for, in whole or in part, any investigation, remediation, or other corrective action pursuant to any Privacy Law; or (iii) is a party to any order, decree, or agreement that imposes any obligation or liability under any Privacy Law, in each case except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(zz) Emerging Growth Company Status. From the time of the initial filing of the Companys first registration statement with the Commission through the date hereof, the Company has been and is an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act (an Emerging Growth Company).

Any certificate signed by an officer of the Company and delivered to the Placement Agent or to counsel for the Placement Agent pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Company, as applicable, to the Placement Agent as to the matters set forth therein.

4. Further Agreements of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees with the Placement Agent that:

(a) Required Filings. The Company will file the final Prospectus with the Commission within the time periods specified by Rule 424(b) and Rule 430B or 430C under the Securities Act, will file any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to the extent required by Rule 433 under the Securities Act; the Company will file promptly all reports and any definitive proxy or information statements required to be filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act subsequent to the date of the Prospectus and for so long as the delivery of a prospectus is required in connection with the offering or sale of the Shares; and the Company will furnish copies of the Prospectus and each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus (to the extent not previously delivered) to the Placement Agent in New York City prior to 10:00 A.M., New York City time, on the business day next succeeding the date of this Agreement in such quantities as the Placement Agent may reasonably request.

13

(b) Delivery of Copies. Upon request, the Company will deliver, without charge, (i) to the Placement Agent, two signed copies of the Registration Statement as originally filed and each amendment thereto, in each case including all exhibits and consents filed therewith and documents incorporated by reference therein; and (ii) to the Placement Agent (A) a conformed copy of the Registration Statement as originally filed and each amendment thereto (without exhibits) and (B) during the Prospectus Delivery Period (as defined below), as many copies of the Prospectus (including all amendments and supplements thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein and each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus) as the Placement Agent may reasonably request. As used herein, the term Prospectus Delivery Period means such period of time after the first date of the offering of the Shares as in the opinion of counsel for the Placement Agent a prospectus relating to the Shares is required by law to be delivered (or required to be delivered but for Rule 172 under the Securities Act) in connection with sales of the Shares by the Placement Agent or dealer.

(c) Amendments or Supplements, Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses. Before preparing, using, authorizing, approving, referring to or filing any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, and before filing any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, whether before or after the time that the Registration Statement becomes effective, the Company will furnish to the Placement Agent and counsel for the Placement Agent a copy of the proposed Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, amendment or supplement for review and will not prepare, use, authorize, approve, refer to or file any such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or file any such proposed amendment or supplement to which the Placement Agent reasonably objects.

(d) Renewal of Registration. If by the third anniversary (the Renewal Deadline) of the initial effective date of the Registration Statement, any of the Shares remain unsold, the Company will file, if it has not already done so and is eligible to do so, a new automatic shelf registration statement relating to the Shares, in a form satisfactory to you. If at the Renewal Deadline the Company is no longer eligible to file an automatic shelf registration statement, the Company will, if it has not already done so, file a new shelf registration statement relating to the Shares, in a form satisfactory to you and will use its best efforts to cause such registration statement to be declared effective within 180 days after the Renewal Deadline. The Company will take all other action necessary or appropriate to permit the public offering and sale of the Shares to continue as contemplated in the expired registration statement relating to the Shares. References herein to the Registration Statement shall include such new automatic shelf registration statement or such new shelf registration statement, as the case may be.

(e) Notice to the Placement Agent. The Company will advise the Placement Agent promptly, and confirm such advice in writing, (i) when the Registration Statement has become effective; (ii) when any amendment to the Registration Statement has been filed or becomes effective; (iii) when any supplement to the Prospectus or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or any amendment to the Prospectus has been filed or distributed; (iv) of any request by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement to the Prospectus or the receipt of any comments from the Commission relating to the Registration Statement or any other request by the Commission for any additional information; (v) of the issuance by the Commission of any order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or preventing or suspending the use of any of the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for that purpose or pursuant to Section 8A of the Securities Act; (vi) of the occurrence of any event or development within the Prospectus Delivery Period as a result of which the Prospectus, the Pricing Disclosure Package or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus as then amended or supplemented would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances existing when the Prospectus, the Pricing Disclosure Package or any such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus is delivered to a purchaser, not misleading; (vii) of the receipt by the Company of any notice of objection of the Commission to the use of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) under the Securities Act; and (viii) of the receipt by the Company of any notice with respect to any suspension of the qualification of the Shares for offer and sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose; and the Company will use its best efforts to prevent the issuance of any such order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, preventing or suspending the use of any of the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or suspending any such qualification of the Shares and, if any such order is issued, will obtain as soon as possible the withdrawal thereof.

14

(f) Ongoing Compliance. (1) If during the Prospectus Delivery Period (i) any event or development shall occur or condition shall exist as a result of which the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances existing when the Prospectus is delivered to a purchaser, not misleading or (ii) it is necessary to amend or supplement the Prospectus to comply with law, the Company will immediately notify the Placement Agent thereof and forthwith prepare and, subject to paragraph (c) above, file with the Commission and furnish to the Placement Agent and to such dealers as the Placement Agent may designate such amendments or supplements to the Prospectus (or any document to be filed with the Commission and incorporated by reference therein) as may be necessary so that the statements in the Prospectus as so amended or supplemented (or any document to be filed with the Commission and incorporated by reference therein) will not, in the light of the circumstances existing when the Prospectus is delivered to a purchaser, be misleading or so that the Prospectus will comply with law and (2) if at any time prior to the Closing Date (i) any event or development shall occur or condition shall exist as a result of which the Pricing Disclosure Package as then amended or supplemented would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances existing when the Pricing Disclosure Package is delivered to a purchaser, not misleading or (ii) it is necessary to amend or supplement the Pricing Disclosure Package to comply with law, the Company will immediately notify the Placement Agent thereof and forthwith prepare and, subject to paragraph (c) above, file with the Commission (to the extent required) and furnish to the Placement Agent and to such dealers as the Placement Agent may designate such amendments or supplements to the Pricing Disclosure Package (or any document to be filed with the Commission and incorporated by reference therein) as may be necessary so that the statements in the Pricing Disclosure Package as so amended or supplemented will not, in the light of the circumstances existing when the Pricing Disclosure Package is delivered to a purchaser, be misleading or so that the Pricing Disclosure Package will comply with law.

(g) Blue Sky Compliance. The Company will qualify, if required, the Shares for offer and sale under the securities or Blue Sky laws of such jurisdictions as the Placement Agent shall reasonably request and will continue such qualifications in effect so long as required for distribution of the Shares; provided that the Company shall not be required to (i) qualify as a foreign corporation or other entity or as a dealer in securities in any such jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to so qualify, (ii) file any general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction or (iii) subject itself to taxation in any such jurisdiction if it is not otherwise so subject.

(h) Earning Statement. The Company will make generally available to its security holders and the Placement Agent as soon as practicable an earning statement that satisfies the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 of the Commission promulgated thereunder covering a period of at least twelve months beginning with the first fiscal quarter of the Company occurring after the effective date (as defined in Rule 158) of the Registration Statement.

(i) Use of Proceeds. The Company will apply the net proceeds from the sale of the Shares as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus under the heading Use of Proceeds.

(j) No Stabilization. The Company will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that could reasonably be expected to cause or result in any stabilization or manipulation of the price of the Stock.

(k) Exchange Listing. The Company will use its best efforts to list the Shares on the Nasdaq Market.

(l) Reports. So long as the Shares are outstanding, the Company will furnish to the Placement Agent, as soon as they are available, copies of all reports or other communications (financial or other) furnished to holders of the Shares, and copies of any reports and financial statements furnished to or filed with the Commission or any national securities exchange or automatic quotation system; provided the Company will be deemed to have furnished such reports and financial statements to the Placement Agent to the extent they are filed on EDGAR.

(m) Record Retention. The Company will, pursuant to reasonable procedures developed in good faith, retain copies of each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is not filed with the Commission in accordance with Rule 433 under the Securities Act.

15

(n) FinCEN. The Company has provided to the Placement Agent a properly completed and executed Certificate Regarding Beneficial Owners of Legal Entity Customers, together with any required identifying documentation, and the Company hereby undertakes to provide such additional supporting documentation as the Placement Agent may reasonably request in connection with verification of the forgoing certification.

(o) Securities Purchase Agreement. The Company shall deliver copies of all closing documents to the Investors pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement.

(p) Company Lock-Up. Without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent, the Company will not, and will not publicly disclose an intention to, during the period ending 30 days after the Closing Date (the Restricted Period), (i) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, make any short sale, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, or file with the Commission a registration statement under the Securities Act relating to, any of the Companys shares that are substantially similar to the shares of Common Stock, including but not limited to any options or warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or that represent the right to receive, Common Stock or any such substantially similar securities, or publicly disclose the intention to make any offer, sale, pledge, disposition or filing, or (ii) enter into any swap or other agreement that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of the Common Stock or any such other securities, whether any such transaction described in clause (i) or (ii) above is to be settled by delivery of Common Stock or such other securities, in cash or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent, other than (A) the Shares to be sold hereunder, (B) the issuance of restricted Common Stock, restricted stock units or options to acquire Common Stock pursuant to the Companys employee benefit plans, qualified stock option plans or other employee compensation plans as such plans are in existence on the date of the Prospectus and described in the Registration Statement, (C) issuances of Common Stock upon the exercise, conversion or settlement of options, restricted stock units or convertible notes disclosed as outstanding in the Registration Statement; or (D) the purchase or sale of the Companys securities pursuant to a plan, contract or instruction, if any, that satisfies all of the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c)(1)(i)(B) that was in effect prior to the date of the Prospectus. The Company also will not, without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent, file any registration statement, preliminary prospectus or prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, under the Securities Act for any such transaction or which registers, or offers for sale, Common Stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock, except for a registration statement on Form S-8 relating to employee benefit plans described in the Registration Statement, during the Restricted Period.

5. Certain Agreements of the Placement Agent. The Placement Agent hereby represents and agrees that:

(a) It has not and will not use, authorize use of, refer to or participate in the planning for use of, any free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act (which term includes use of any written information furnished to the Commission by the Company and not incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement and any press release issued by the Company) other than (i) a free writing prospectus that contains no issuer information (as defined in Rule 433(h)(2) under the Securities Act) that was not included (including through incorporation by reference) in a previously filed Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, (ii) any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus listed on Annex A or prepared pursuant to Section 3(b) or Section 4(c) above (including any electronic road show), or (iii) any free writing prospectus prepared by the Placement Agent and approved by the Company in advance in writing (each such free writing prospectus referred to in clauses (i) or (iii), a Placement Agent Free Writing Prospectus).

(b) It has not and will not, without the prior written consent of the Company, use any free writing prospectus that contains the final terms of the Shares unless such terms have previously been included in a free writing prospectus filed with the Commission; provided that Placement Agent may use a term sheet substantially in the form of Annex B hereto without the consent of the Company; provided further that the Placement Agent using such term sheet shall notify the Company, and provide a copy of such term sheet to the Company, prior to, or substantially concurrently with, the first use of such term sheet.

(c) It is not subject to any pending proceeding under Section 8A of the Securities Act with respect to the offering (and will promptly notify the Company if any such proceeding against it is initiated during the Prospectus Delivery Period).

16

6. Conditions of the Obligations of the Placement Agent and the Investors and the Sale of the Shares. The respective obligations of the Placement Agent hereunder and the Investors under the Securities Purchase Agreement, and the Closing of the sale of the Shares, are subject to the accuracy, when made and as of the Applicable Time and on the Closing Date, of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein, to the accuracy of the statements of the Company made in any certificates pursuant to the provisions hereof, to the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder, and to each of the following additional terms and conditions:

(a) Registration Compliance; No Stop Order. No order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall be in effect, and no proceeding for such purpose, pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) or pursuant to Section 8A under the Securities Act shall be pending before or threatened by the Commission; the Prospectus and each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus shall have been timely filed with the Commission under the Securities Act (in the case of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, to the extent required by Rule 433 under the Securities Act) and in accordance with Section 4(a) hereof; and all requests by the Commission for additional information shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of the Placement Agent.

(b) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company contained herein and in the Securities Purchase Agreement shall be true and correct on the date hereof and on and as of the Closing Date; and the statements of the Company and its officers made in any certificates delivered pursuant to this Agreement and the Securities Purchase Agreement shall be true and correct on and as of the Closing Date.

(c) No Material Adverse Change. (i) Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries shall have sustained since the date of the latest audited financial statements included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus any loss or interference with its business from fire, explosion, flood or other calamity, including a health epidemic or pandemic outbreak of infectious disease, whether or not covered by insurance, or from any labor dispute or court or governmental action, order or decree, otherwise than as set forth or contemplated in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, and (ii) since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus there shall not have been any change in the capital stock or long term debt of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any change or effect, or any development involving a prospective change or effect, in or affecting (x) the business, properties, general affairs, management, financial position, stockholders equity, results of operations or prospects of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, except as set forth or contemplated in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, or (y) the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement and the Securities Purchase Agreement, including the issuance and sale of the Shares, or to consummate the transactions contemplated in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the effect of which, in any such case described in clause (i) or (ii), is in your judgment so material and adverse as to make it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the public offering or the delivery of the Shares on the terms and in the manner contemplated in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

(d) Officers Certificate. The Placement Agent shall have received on and as of the Closing Date a certificate of the chief financial officer or chief accounting officer of the Company and one additional senior executive officer of the Company who is satisfactory to the Placement Agent (i) confirming that such officers have carefully reviewed the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and, to the knowledge of such officers, the representation set forth in Sections 3(a) and 3(c) hereof is true and correct, (ii) confirming that the other representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement and the Securities Purchase Agreement are true and correct, and that the Company has complied with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied hereunder and thereunder at or prior to the Closing, and (iii) to the effect set forth in paragraphs (a) and (c) above.

17

(e) Comfort Letters. On the date of this Agreement and on the Closing Date, the Accountant shall have furnished to the Placement Agent, at the request of the Company, letters, dated the respective dates of delivery thereof and addressed to the Placement Agent, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent, containing statements and information of the type customarily included in accountants comfort letters to underwriters with respect to the financial statements and certain financial information contained or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; provided, that the letters delivered on the Closing Date, shall use a cut-off date no more than three business days prior to such Closing Date.

(f) Opinion and 10b-5 Statement of Counsel for the Company. King & Spalding LLP, counsel for the Company, shall have furnished to the Placement Agent, at the request of the Company, their written opinion and 10b-5 statement, dated the Closing Date, and addressed to the Placement Agent, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent.

(g) Opinion and 10b-5 Statement of Counsel for the Placement Agent. The Placement Agent shall have received on and as of the Closing Date an opinion and 10b-5 statement of DLA Piper LLP (US), counsel for the Placement Agent, with respect to such matters as the Placement Agent may reasonably request, and such counsel shall have received such documents and information as they may reasonably request to enable them to pass upon such matters.

(h) No Legal Impediment to Issuance. No action shall have been taken and no statute, rule, regulation or order shall have been enacted, adopted or issued by any federal, state or foreign governmental or regulatory authority that would, as of the Closing Date, prevent the issuance or sale of the Shares; and no injunction or order of any federal, state or foreign court shall have been issued that would, as of the Closing Date, prevent the issuance or sale of the Shares.

(i) Good Standing. The Placement Agent shall have received on the date hereof and as of the Closing Date, satisfactory evidence of the good standing of the Company and its subsidiaries in their respective jurisdictions of organization and their good standing as foreign entities in such other jurisdictions as the Placement Agent may reasonably request, in each case in writing or any standard form of telecommunication from the appropriate governmental authorities of such jurisdictions.

(j) No Suspension of Trading. On or after the Applicable Time there shall not have occurred any of the following: (i) a suspension or material limitation in trading in securities generally on the New York Stock Exchange or on the Nasdaq Market; (ii) a suspension or material limitation in trading in the Companys securities on the Nasdaq Market; (iii) a general moratorium on commercial banking activities declared by either Federal or New York State authorities or a material disruption in commercial banking or securities settlement or clearance services in the United States; (iv) the outbreak or escalation of hostilities involving the United States or the declaration by the United States of a national emergency or war or (v) the occurrence of any other calamity or crisis or any change in financial, political or economic conditions in the United States or elsewhere, if the effect of any such event specified in clause (iv) or (v) in your judgment makes it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the public offering or the delivery of the Shares being delivered at such time of delivery on the terms and in the manner contemplated in the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

(k) Prospectus Delivery Requirement. The Company shall have complied with the provisions of Section 4(b) hereof with respect to furnishing prospectuses.

(l) Exchange Listing. The Company shall have filed a notification for the listing of the Shares with the Nasdaq Market and shall have received no objection thereto from the Nasdaq Market.

(m) Lock-up Agreements. The lock-up agreements, each substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, between you and certain officers and directors of the Company relating to sales and certain other dispositions of shares of Stock or certain other securities, delivered to you on or before the date hereof, shall be full force and effect on the Closing Date.

(n) Securities Purchase Agreement. The Company shall have entered into the Securities Purchase Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto, with each of the Investors, the Securities Purchase Agreement shall be in full force and effect, and the Company shall have satisfied all of the conditions to closing in such Securities Purchase Agreement.

18

(o) Additional Documents. On or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall have furnished to the Placement Agent such further certificates and documents as the Placement Agent may reasonably request.

All opinions, letters, certificates and evidence mentioned above or elsewhere in this Agreement shall be deemed to be in compliance with the provisions hereof only if they are in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to counsel for the Placement Agent.

7. Indemnification and Contribution.

(a) Indemnification of the Placement Agent. The Company will indemnify and hold harmless the Placement Agent against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities to which the Placement Agent may become subject, under the Securities Act or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, the base prospectus included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, any roadshow as defined in Rule 433(h) under the Securities Act (a roadshow), any issuer information filed or required to be filed pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act, or arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, and will reimburse the Placement Agent for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by the Placement Agent in connection with investigating or defending any such action or claim as such expenses are incurred; provided, however, that the Company shall not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage or liability (i) arises out of or is based upon an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made in the Registration Statement, the base prospectus included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, in reliance upon and in conformity with the Placement Agent Information, (ii) found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted primarily from the Placement Agents (x) gross negligence or willful misconduct in connection with any of the advice, actions, inactions or services referred to in this Agreement or (y) use of any offering materials or information concerning the Company in connection with the offer or sale of the Shares in the Offering which were not authorized for such use by the Company and which use constitutes gross negligence or willful misconduct.

(b) Indemnification of the Company. The Placement Agent will indemnify and hold harmless the Company against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities to which the Company may become subject, under the Securities Act or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, the base prospectus included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, or any roadshow, or arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, in each case to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission was made in the Registration Statement, the base prospectus included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or any such amendment or supplement thereto, or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, or any roadshow, in reliance upon and in conformity with the Placement Agent Information; and will reimburse the Company for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by the Company in connection with investigating or defending any such action or claim as such expenses are incurred. As used in this Agreement with respect to the Placement Agent and an applicable document, Placement Agent Information shall mean the written information furnished to the Company by the Placement Agent expressly for use therein; it being understood and agreed upon that the only such information furnished by the Placement Agent consists of the names of the Placement Agent in the Prospectus.

19

(c) Notice and Procedures. Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under subsection (a) or (b) above of notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party shall, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against the indemnifying party under such subsection, notify the indemnifying party in writing of the commencement thereof; provided that the failure to notify the indemnifying party shall not relieve it from any liability that it may have under the preceding paragraphs of this Section 7 except to the extent that it has been materially prejudiced (through the forfeiture of substantive rights or defenses) by such failure; and provided further that the failure to notify the indemnifying party shall not relieve it from any liability that it may have to an indemnified party otherwise than under the preceding paragraphs of this Section 7. In case any such action shall be brought against any indemnified party and it shall notify the indemnifying party of the commencement thereof, the indemnifying party shall be entitled to participate therein and, to the extent that it shall wish, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly notified, to assume the defense thereof, with counsel satisfactory to such indemnified party (who shall not, except with the consent of the indemnified party, be counsel to the indemnifying party), and, after notice from the indemnifying party to such indemnified party of its election so to assume the defense thereof, the indemnifying party shall not be liable to such indemnified party under such subsection for any legal expenses of other counsel or any other expenses, in each case subsequently incurred by such indemnified party, in connection with the defense thereof other than reasonable costs of investigation. No indemnifying party shall, without the written consent of the indemnified party, effect the settlement or compromise of, or consent to the entry of any judgment with respect to, any pending or threatened action or claim in respect of which indemnification or contribution may be sought hereunder (whether or not the indemnified party is an actual or potential party to such action or claim) unless such settlement, compromise or judgment (i) includes an unconditional release of the indemnified party from all liability arising out of such action or claim and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act, by or on behalf of any indemnified party.

(d) Contribution. If the indemnification provided for in this Section 7 is unavailable to or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party under subsection (a) or (b) above in respect of any losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such indemnified party as a result of such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Placement Agent on the other from the offering of the Shares. If, however, the allocation provided by the immediately preceding sentence is not permitted by applicable law, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to such amount paid or payable by such indemnified party in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only such relative benefits but also the relative fault of the Company on the one hand and the Placement Agent on the other in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof), as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Placement Agent on the other shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as the total net proceeds from the offering (before deducting expenses) received by the Company bear to the total placement agent discounts and commissions received by the Placement Agent, in each case as set forth in the table on the cover page of the Prospectus. The relative fault shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company on the one hand or the Placement Agent on the other and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission.

(e) Limitation on Liability. The Company and the Placement Agent agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to paragraph (d) above were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in paragraph (d) above. The amount paid or payable by an indemnified party as a result of the losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) referred to in paragraph (d) above shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth above, any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating or defending any such action or claim. Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraphs (d) and (e), in no event shall the Placement Agent be required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total price at which the Shares placed by them were offered to the Investors exceeds the amount of any damages that the Placement Agent has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

20

(f) Non-Exclusive Remedies. The obligations of the Company under this Section 7 shall be in addition to any liability which the Company may otherwise have and shall extend, upon the same terms and conditions, to each employee, officer and director of the Placement Agent, each person, if any, who controls the Placement Agent within the meaning of the Securities Act and each broker-dealer or other affiliate of the Placement Agent; and the obligations of the Placement Agent under this Section 7 shall be in addition to any liability which the Placement Agent may otherwise have and shall extend, upon the same terms and conditions, to each officer and director of the Company and to each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act.

8. Effectiveness of Agreement. This Agreement shall become effective as of the date first written above.

9. Termination. The term of the Placement Agents exclusive engagement will be until the completion of the Offering; provided, however, that a party hereto may terminate the engagement at any time upon 10 days written notice to the other party. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the provisions concerning confidentiality, indemnification and contribution contained herein will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement, and the Companys obligation to pay fees actually earned and payable and to reimburse expenses actually incurred and reimbursable pursuant to this Agreement and which are permitted to be reimbursed under FINRA Rule 5110(g), will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement.

10. Payment of Expenses.

(a) The Company covenants and agrees with the Placement Agent that the Company will pay or cause to be paid the following: (i) the fees, disbursements and expenses of the Companys counsel and accountants in connection with the registration of the Shares under the Act and all other expenses in connection with the preparation, printing, reproduction and filing of the Registration Statement, the base prospectus included in the Registration Statement, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and the Prospectus and amendments and supplements thereto and the mailing and delivering of copies thereof to the Placement Agent and dealers; (ii) the cost of printing or producing this Agreement, the Blue Sky Memorandum, closing documents (including any compilations thereof) and any other documents in connection with the offering, purchase, sale and delivery of the Shares; (iii) all expenses in connection with the qualification of the Shares for offering and sale under state securities laws as provided in Section 4(g) hereof, including the fees and disbursements of counsel for the Placement Agent in connection with such qualification and in connection with the Blue Sky survey; (iv) all fees and expenses in connection with listing the Shares on the Nasdaq Market; (v) the filing fees incident to, and the fees and disbursements of counsel for the Placement Agent in connection with, any required review by FINRA of the terms of the sale of the Shares; (vi) the cost of preparing the Shares; (vii) the cost and charges of any transfer agent or registrar; (viii) the fees and disbursements of the Placement Agents counsel, provided that such fees and expenses, together with aggregate amounts payable by the Company pursuant to clauses (iii) and (v), shall not, in the aggregate, exceed $100,000; and (ix) all other costs and expenses incident to the performance of its obligations hereunder which are not otherwise specifically provided for in this Section. It is understood, however, that, except as provided in this Section and Section 7 hereof, the Placement Agent will pay all of their own costs and expenses, including the fees of their counsel, transfer taxes on resale of any of the Shares by them, and any advertising expenses connected with any offers they may make.

(b) If (i) this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 9, (ii) the Company for any reason fails to tender the Shares for delivery to the Placement Agent, (iii) the Securities Purchase Agreement is terminated pursuant to its terms or (iv) the Placement Agent declines to place the Shares for any reason permitted under this Agreement, the Company agrees to reimburse the Placement Agent for all out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including fees and expenses of their counsel) reasonably incurred by the Placement Agent in connection with this Agreement and the offering contemplated hereby.

11. Persons Entitled to Benefit of Agreement. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and the officers and directors and any controlling persons referred to herein, and the affiliates of the Placement Agent referred to in Section 7 hereof. Nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed to give any other person any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of this Agreement or any provision contained herein.

12. Survival. The respective indemnities, rights of contribution, representations, warranties and agreements of the Company and the Placement Agent contained in this Agreement or made by or on behalf of the Company or the Placement Agent pursuant to this Agreement or any certificate delivered pursuant hereto shall survive the delivery of and payment for the Shares and shall remain in full force and effect, regardless of any termination of this Agreement or any investigation made by or on behalf of the Company or the Placement Agent.

21

13. Certain Defined Terms. For purposes of this Agreement, (a) except where otherwise expressly provided, the term affiliate has the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act; (b) the term business day means any day other than a day on which banks are permitted or required to be closed in New York City; and (c) the term subsidiary has the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

14. Compliance with USA Patriot Act. In accordance with the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)), the Placement Agent is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies its clients, including the Company, which information may include the name and address of its clients, as well as other information that will allow the Placement Agent to properly identify its clients.

15. Recognition of the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes.

(a) In the event that the Placement Agent is a Covered Entity and becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer from the Placement Agent of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any such interest and obligation, were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States.

(b) In the event that the Placement Agent is a Covered Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate of the Placement Agent and becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under this Agreement that may be exercised against the Placement Agent are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States.

For purposes of this Section 15 a BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k). Covered Entity means any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 7.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. U.S. Special Resolution Regime means each of (i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

16. Research Analysts. The Company acknowledges that the Placement Agents research analysts and research departments are required to be independent from its investment banking divisions and are subject to certain regulations and internal policies, and that the Placement Agents research analysts may hold views and make statements or investment recommendations and/or publish research reports with respect to the Company and/or the offering that differ from the views of its investment banking divisions. The Company hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that the Company may have against the Placement Agent with respect to any conflict of interest that may arise from the fact that the views expressed by its independent research analysts and research departments may be different from or inconsistent with the views or advice communicated to the Company by the Placement Agents investment banking divisions. The Company acknowledges that the Placement Agent is a full service securities firm and as such from time to time, subject to applicable securities laws, may effect transactions for its own account or the account of its customers and hold long or short positions in debt or equity securities of the companies that may be the subject of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

22

17. Miscellaneous.

(a) Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if mailed or transmitted and confirmed by any standard form of telecommunication. Notices to the Placement Agent shall be given to c/o Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., 110 East 59th Street, 6th Floor, New York, New York 10022, Attention: Capital Markets (Fax: (212) 307-3730) and Attention: General Counsel (email: legal-IBD@cantor.com); with copies to DLA Piper LLP (US), 1251 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York, 10020, Attention: Stephen P. Alicanti (email: stephen.alicanti@us.dlapiper.com). Notices to the Company shall be given to it at Satellogic Inc., Attention: Rick Dunn, Chief Financial Officer, 210 Delburg Street, Davidson, NC 28036 (email: rick.dunn@satellogic.com); with copies to King & Spalding LLP, 1180 Peachtree Street, NE, Suite 1600, Atlanta, GA 30309, Attention: Zachary Davis (email: zdavis@kslaw.com).

(b) Governing Law. This Agreement and any claim, controversy or dispute arising under or related to this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements made and to be performed in such state.

(c) Submission to Jurisdiction. The Company hereby submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the U.S. federal and New York state courts in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York in any suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company waives any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such suit or proceeding in such courts. The Company agrees that final judgment in any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such court shall be conclusive and binding upon the Company and may be enforced in any court to the jurisdiction of which Company is subject by a suit upon such judgment.

(d) Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed in counterparts (which may include counterparts delivered by any standard form of telecommunication), each of which shall be an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Any signature to this Agreement may be delivered by facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf) or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000 or the New York Electronic Signature and Records Act or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.

(e) Amendments or Waivers. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement, nor any consent or approval to any departure therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the parties hereto.

(f) Waiver of Jury Trial. Each of the parties hereto hereby waives any right to trial by jury in any suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement.

(g) Headings. The headings herein are included for convenience of reference only and are not intended to be part of, or to affect the meaning or interpretation of, this Agreement.

(h) Severability; Waiver. In the event that any one or more of the provisions contained herein, or the application thereof in any circumstance, is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable as written by a court of competent jurisdiction, then such provision shall be given full force and effect to the fullest possible extent that it is valid, legal and enforceable, and the remainder of the terms and provisions herein shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable term or provision was not contained herein, but only to the extent that giving effect to such provision and the remainder of the terms and provisions hereof shall be in accordance with the intent of the parties as reflected in this Agreement. No implied waiver by a party shall arise in the absence of a waiver in writing signed by such party. No failure or delay in exercising any right, power, or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any right, power, or privilege hereunder.

(i) Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including all schedules, annexes and exhibits attached hereto and all prior executed engagement letters between the Company and the Placement Agent) constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes all other prior and contemporaneous agreements and undertakings, both written and oral, among the parties hereto with regard to the subject matter hereof.

[Signature Page Follows]

23

If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding, please indicate your acceptance of this Agreement by signing in the space provided below.

Very truly yours,

SATELLOGIC INC.

By: /s/ Rick Dunn

Name: Rick Dunn

Title: Chief Financial Officer

Accepted: As of the date first written above

CANTOR FITZGERALD & CO.

By: /s/ Beau Bohm

Name: Beau Bohm

Title: Managing Director 

[Signature Page to Placement Agent Agreement]

24

Annex A

Free Writing Prospectuses:

None.

Pricing Information:

The Company is selling 6,451,612 Shares.

The offering price per Share is $3.10.

Annex B

Satellogic Inc.

Pricing Term Sheet

None.

Exhibit A

FORM OF LOCK-UP AGREEMENT

_____________, 2025

CANTOR FITZGERALD & CO.

As Placement Agent

c/o Cantor Fitzgerald & Co.

110 East 59th Street

New York, New York 10022

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned understands that you, as Placement Agent, propose to enter into a placement agent agreement (the Placement Agent Agreement) with Satellogic Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), providing for the offering (the Offering) by the Company, of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the Common Stock). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings set forth in the Placement Agent Agreement.

In order to induce Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. (the Placement Agent) to act as Placement Agent for the Offering, the undersigned hereby agrees that, without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent, the undersigned will not, during the period ending 30 days after the date hereof (the Lock-Up Period), (1) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of Common Stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock (including without limitation, Common Stock or such other securities which may be deemed to be beneficially owned now or hereafter by the undersigned in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (such shares or securities, the Beneficially Owned Shares) and securities which may be issued upon exercise of a stock option or warrant), (2) engage in any hedging or other transaction or arrangement (including, without limitation, any short sale or the purchase or sale of, or entry into, any put or call option, or combination thereof, forward, swap or any other derivative transaction or instrument, however described or defined) which is designed to or which reasonably could be expected to lead to or result in a sale, loan, pledge or other disposition (whether by the undersigned or someone other than the undersigned), or transfer of any of the economic consequences of ownership, in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, of any Beneficially Owned Shares, whether any such transaction described in clause (1) or (2) above is to be settled by delivery of Common Stock or such other securities, in cash or otherwise (any such sale, loan, pledge or other disposition, or transfer of economic consequences, a Transfer), (3) make any demand for or exercise any right with respect to the registration of any shares of Common Stock or any security convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock, or (4) otherwise publicly announce any intention to engage in or cause any action, activity, transaction or arrangement described in clause (1), (2) or (3) above, in each case other than:

1. 

transfers of Beneficially Owned Shares, Common Stock or securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock (i) as a bona fide gift or gifts, (ii) to any trust for the direct or indirect benefit of the undersigned or the immediate family of the undersigned, (iii) to any affiliate (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) of the undersigned, (iv) by will or intestacy to the undersigneds legal representative, heir or legatee or (v) by operation of law, such as (without limitation) pursuant to a qualified domestic order, divorce settlement, divorce decree or separation agreement, or request or order from a court or an applicable regulatory body;

2. 

pursuant to any contract, instruction or plan complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), that has been entered into by the undersigned prior to the date of this Lock-up Agreement;

Exhibit A

3. 

the acquisition or exercise of any stock option issued pursuant to the Companys existing stock option plan, including any exercise effected by the delivery of shares of Common Stock held by the undersigned;

4. 

any conversion of restricted stock units into shares of Common Stock as provided in the applicable restricted stock unit issuance agreement;

5. 

any transfer of shares of Common Stock to the Company in connection with the undersigneds tax withholding obligation upon issuance of such shares pursuant to the applicable restricted stock unit issuance agreement;

6. 

any sale or transfer of shares of Common Stock (including in open market transactions through a broker) to satisfy the undersigneds tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of equity awards pursuant to the Companys equity compensation plans or arrangements, which are described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, and which equity awards vest during the Lock-Up Period;

7. 

pursuant to a sale or an offer to purchase Common Stock, whether pursuant to a merger, tender offer or otherwise, to a third party or group of third parties resulting in a Change of Control (as defined below) and approved by the Companys board of directors, provided that, in the event that such a Change of Control is not completed, the undersigneds shares shall remain subject to the restrictions contained in this Lock-up Agreement and title to the undersigneds shares shall remain with the undersigned; or

8. 

the establishment of a trading plan pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act for the transfer of Common Stock, provided that such plan does not provide for the transfer and sale of Common Stock during the Lock-Up Period, and provided further that, except as required by applicable securities laws, no public announcement of the establishment or existence of such plan, and no filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other regulatory authority in respect thereof or for transactions thereunder or contemplated thereby, by the undersigned, the Company or any other person, shall be required, and no announcement or filing shall be made voluntarily by the undersigned, the Company or any other person prior to the expiration of the Lock-Up Period.

In the case of any transfer or distribution pursuant to clause (a) above, each donee or distributee or transferee shall execute and deliver to the Placement Agent a lock-up letter for the balance of the Lock-Up Period in the form of this paragraph and, pursuant to clauses (a)(ii) through (iv) above, no filing by any party (donor, donee, distributor, distributee, transferor or transferee) under the Exchange Act, or other public announcement reporting a reduction in the beneficial ownership shall be required or shall be made voluntarily in connection with such transfer or distribution. In the case of any transfer or distribution pursuant to clause (a)(i) above, it shall be a condition to such transfer that no public filing, report or announcement shall be voluntarily made and if any filing under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, or other public filing, report or announcement reporting a reduction in beneficial ownership of shares of Common Stock in connection with such transfer or distribution shall be legally required during the Lock-Up Period, such filing, report or announcement shall clearly indicate in the footnotes thereto the nature and conditions of such transfer. For the avoidance of doubt, any shares of Common Stock received by the undersigned upon the exercise of a stock option or conversion of restricted stock units as described in foregoing clauses (c) and (d) shall be subject to the restrictions under this Lock-up Agreement. In the case of any sale or transfer pursuant to clause (f) above, any public filing, report or announcement of any such sale or transfer shall disclose that the sale or transfer was for the purpose of covering the withholding taxes payable.

For the purposes of this Lock-up Agreement, (1) immediate family shall mean any spouse, domestic partner, lineal descendant (including adopted children), father, mother, brother or sister of the transferor and (2) Change of Control shall mean the transfer (whether by tender offer, merger, consolidation or other similar transaction), in one transaction or a series of related transactions, to a person or group of affiliated persons (other than an Investor pursuant to the Offering), of the Companys voting securities if, after such transfer, such person or group of affiliated persons would hold more than 50% of the outstanding voting securities of the Company (or the surviving entity).

Exhibit A

The undersigned represents and warrants that the undersigned is not, and has not caused or directed any of its affiliates to be or become, currently a party to any agreement or arrangement that provides for, is designed to or reasonably could be expected to lead to or result in any Transfer prohibited by this Lock-up Agreement during the Lock-Up Period.

In furtherance of the foregoing, the Company, and any duly appointed transfer agent for the registration or transfer of the securities described herein, are hereby authorized to decline to make any transfer of securities if such transfer would constitute a violation or breach of this Lock-up Agreement.

The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that the undersigned has full power and authority to enter into this Lock-up Agreement. All authority herein conferred or agreed to be conferred and any obligations of the undersigned shall be binding upon the successors, assigns, heirs or personal representatives of the undersigned.

The undersigned understands that, if (i) the Placement Agent Agreement does not become effective by April 25, 2025, (ii) the Placement Agent Agreement (other than the provisions thereof which survive termination) shall terminate or be terminated prior to payment for and delivery of the Shares to be sold thereunder, or (iii) the Company notifies the Placement Agent in writing that it will not be proceeding with the Offering prior to the execution of the Placement Agent Agreement, the undersigned shall be released from, all obligations under this Lock-up Agreement. The undersigned understands that the Placement Agent is entering into the Placement Agent Agreement and proceeding with the Offering in reliance upon this Lock-up Agreement.

This Lock-up Agreement and any claim, controversy or dispute arising under or related to this Lock-up Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements made and to be performed in such state.

[Signature Page Follows]

Very truly yours,

Name:

Title:

Exhibit B

FORM OF SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>satl-20250415.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink 
link:presentationLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>satl-20250415_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>satl-20250415_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Entity [Domain] 

Legal Entity [Axis] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Information [Table] 

Document, Type 

Document, Period End Date 

Entity, Registrant Name 

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity, File Number 

Entity, Tax Identification Number 

Entity, Address, Address Line One 

Entity, Address, City or Town 

Entity, Address, State or Province 

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Entity, Emerging Growth Company 

Entity, Ex Transition Period 

Amendment Flag 

Entity, Central Index Key 

Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class of Stock [Domain] 

CommonStock Custom [Member] 

Warrants Custom [Member]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>satl-20250415_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>knslogo.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document And Entity Information

Apr. 15, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Entity, Registrant Name SATELLOGIC INC.

Document, Type 8-K

Document, Period End Date Apr. 15, 2025

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity, File Number 001-41247

Entity, Tax Identification Number 98-1845974

Entity, Address, Address Line One 210 Delburg Street

Entity, Address, City or Town Davidson

Entity, Address, State or Province NC

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 28036

City Area Code 704

Local Phone Number 894-4482

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity, Emerging Growth Company true

Entity, Ex Transition Period false

Amendment Flag false

Entity, Central Index Key 0001874315

CommonStock Custom [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock

Trading Symbol SATL

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants Custom [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants

Trading Symbol SATLW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=satl_CommonStockCustomMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=satl_WarrantsCustomMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.satl.com/20250415/role/statement-document-and-entity-information 
Document And Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

satl-20250415.xsd 
satl-20250415_def.xml 
satl-20250415_lab.xml 
satl-20250415_pre.xml 
satl20250415_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001437749-25-012004-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>satl20250415_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001874315 

2025-04-15 
2025-04-15 

0001874315 

satl:CommonStockCustomMember 

2025-04-15 
2025-04-15 

0001874315 

satl:WarrantsCustomMember 

2025-04-15 
2025-04-15 

false 
0001874315 
8-K 
2025-04-15 
SATELLOGIC INC. 
DE 
001-41247 
98-1845974 
210 Delburg Street 
Davidson 
NC 
28036 
704 
894-4482 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
SATL 
NASDAQ 
Warrants 
SATLW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>