<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-009737.txt : 20250310
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-009737.hdr.sgml : 20250310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250310172722
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-009737
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250304
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Scienture Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001382574
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39199
		FILM NUMBER:		25725003

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2420 BRUNELLO TRACE
		CITY:			LUTZ
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33558
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(800) 261 0281

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2420 BRUNELLO TRACE
		CITY:			LUTZ
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33558

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TRxADE HEALTH, INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210602

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TRXADE GROUP, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140207

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	XCELLINK INTERNATIONAL INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20081230
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000138257400013825742025-03-042025-03-04iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 OR 15(d) of the

Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 4, 2025

SCIENTURE
HOLDINGS, INC.

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 001-39199 46-3673928

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
No.) 

(I.R.S.
Employer

Identification
No.)

6308
Benjamin Rd, Suite 708

Tampa,
Florida33634

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices)

(866)468-6535

(Registrants
Telephone Number)

Not
Applicable

(Former
Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications
pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant
to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common stock, par value
$0.00001 per share SCNX 

The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

(The
Nasdaq Capital Market)

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
March 4, 2025, Scienture Holdings, Inc., through its wholly-owned subsidiary Scienture, LLC (the Company), entered into
an Exclusive Commercial and Supply Agreement (the Agreement) with Summit Biosciences Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Kindeva Drug Delivery L.P. (Kindeva). Kindeva is a company engaged in the research, development, and manufacturing of
pharmaceutical products. Pursuant to the Agreement, Kindeva granted the Company an exclusive, non-transferrable, non-sublicensable right
and license to commercialize REZENOPY (Nalaxone HCI Nasal spray 10mg/0.11mL) (the Product) within the United States
and its territories. The Company intends to use the exclusive right and license to price, launch, promote, market, distribute, and educate
the public on the Product.

Unless
earlier terminated, the term of the Agreement will remain in effect for 10 years from the date of first commercial sale of the Product
in the United States and its territories to an unaffiliated third-party. The Agreement will automatically renew for successive 1-year
periods unless either party terminates the agreement in accordance with its terms. Either party may terminate the Agreement if (i) the
other party materially breaches the Agreement and has not cured such breach during a period of 90 days following notice of the breach,
(ii) the Product is withdrawn from the market as a result of any ruling or requirement by the United States Food and Drug Administration
(the FDA), a voluntary recall by the FDA is issued, or there are material safety concerns that could significantly impact
the commercial viability of the Product, or (iii) the Product is the subject of a mass tort liability action or is subject to material
health and public safety concerns. The Company may terminate the Agreement upon 120 days prior written notice if the Company determines
that the Product is compromised by an adverse and material change in the market or other adverse and material business conditions. The
Agreement is also terminable by either party upon the occurrence of certain bankruptcy related events pertaining to the other party.

Pursuant
to the Agreement, the Company is exclusively responsible, at its expense, for the commercializing the Product in the United States and
its territories in a manner that maximizes the net sales of the Product. The Company has final and sole authority for the pricing of
the Product, but has agreed to not reduce the sale price of the Product for reasons other than the impact of market demand for the Product,
after taking into account all relevant factors.

Pursuant
to the Agreement, Kindeva will retain control of all activities associated with manufacturing the Product, and be responsible for any
non-clinical or clinical studies regard the Product. Kindeva will provide a copy of the New Drug Application for the Product (the NDA)
to the Company as well as all related information and data necessary for the Company to commercialize the Product. Once the NDA is transferred
to the Company, the Company will be responsible for maintaining the NDA and deal with any regulatory authorities regarding the advertising
and marketing of the Product as well as any adverse drug experience reports for the Product that the Company directly receives. The initial
supply price for the Product to the Company is $9.20 per unit. Kindeva may increase that price not more than once each calendar year
after the launch of the Product to account for any increased manufacturing costs.

Under
the Agreement, the Company and Kindeva agreed to form a joint steering committee within 30 days to oversee and coordinate their respective
activities under the Agreement with respect to any additional regulatory or development requirements needed to obtain any regulatory
approvals needed for the Company to fulfill its commercialization responsibilities. The joint steering committee will be comprised of
four members, with 2 members to be appointed by each of the Company and Kindeva. The joint steering committee is responsible for establishing
timelines for the launch of the Product, overseeing the development and commercialization of the Product, providing strategic direction
and performance criteria, and resolving disputes that might arise under and in connection with the Agreement. The joint steering committee
will meet 4 times per year, unless the Company and Kindeva agree to a different schedule. The joint steering committee must act by unanimous
vote of the members present at a meeting, provided that at least 1 member from each of the Company and Kindeva must be present at such
meeting, or may otherwise act by a written consent signed by all members.

In
exchange for the exclusive rights to develop and commercialize the Products, the Company agreed to pay Kindeva certain milestone payments,
net sales share payments, and NDA cost reimbursements, including:

A
one-time commercial milestone payment of between $2.5 million and $10 million based on the
achievement of certain pre-defined annual net sales targets;

Milestone
payments totaling $1 million, $200,000 of which was due upon executing the Agreement, $300,000
of which is due within 3 months of executing the Agreement, $250,000 of which is due upon
delivery of the initial commercial supply of the Product, and $250,000 of which is due 3
months after receipt of such commercial supply;

Profit-sharing
payments representing 10% of the net sales by the Company of the Product, which will be reduced
to 8% of the net sales on the market entry of a third party generic ANDA for the Product;
and

Additional
profit-sharing payments representing 5% of the net sales until the total cumulative payments
equals Kindevas cost of developing and receiving NDA approval of the Product, which
was $12.8 million as of the date of the Agreement.

Under
the Agreement, the Company agreed to place minimum order quantities of the Product of 3 batches of 450,000 units per year beginning in
2027 or, alternatively, pay Kindeva $1.242 million per year unless the Company elects to terminate the Agreement pursuant to its terms.

The
foregoing summaries of the Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the definitive
Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. The Agreement contains customary representations
and warranties that the Company and Kindeva made to, and solely for the benefit of, the other party thereto in the context of all of
the terms and conditions of the Agreement and in the context of the specific relationship between the parties. The provisions of the
Agreement, including the representations and warranties contained therein, are not for the benefit of any party other than the Company
and Kindeva or as stated therein and are not intended as a document for investors and the public to obtain factual information about
the current state of affairs of the parties to those documents and agreements. Rather, investors and the public should look to other
disclosures contained in the Companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Item
7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

On
March 6, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the its intention to commercially launch the Product. The press release
is filed as Exhibit 99.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

The
corporate press release shall not be deemed filed for any purpose, including for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise be subject to the liabilities of such Section 18. The
information in this Item 7.01, as well as Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities
Act or the Exchange Act regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.

The
press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. With the
exception of historical matters, the matters discussed in the press releases include forward-looking statements within the meaning of
applicable securities laws. Such forward-looking statements include, among others, statements regarding the Companys projects,
potential financial performance, and growth opportunities. The words believes, expects, intends,
plans, anticipates, hopes, likely, will, and similar expressions
are intended to identify certain of these forward-looking statements. These statements are based on the Companys expectations
and involve risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause the actual results performance or achievements of the Company
(or entities in which the Company has interests), or industry results, to differ materially from future results, performance or achievements
expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Certain factors that could cause the Companys actual future results to
differ materially from those discussed are noted in connection with such statements, but other unanticipated factors could arise. Certain
risks regarding the Companys forward-looking statements are discussed in the Companys filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC). Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements which reflect managements
view only as of the date of this Form 8-K. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking
statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, conditions
or circumstances.

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit
No. Description

1.1* Exclusive Commercial and Supply Agreement dated March 4, 2025, by and between Scienture, LLC and Summit Biosciences Inc.

99.1 Press Release dated March 6, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive
Data File (embedded with the Inline XBRL document).

* Exhibits and Schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted exhibit and schedule to the SEC upon request.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

SCIENTURE HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/ Surendra
Ajjarapu

Surendra Ajjarapu

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: March 10, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex1-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
1.1

EXCLUSIVE
COMMERCIAL and SUPPLY AGREEMENT

This
Exclusive Commercial and Supply Agreement (hereinafter, this Agreement) is entered into by and between:

SUMMIT
BIOSCIENCES INC., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Kindeva Drug Delivery L.P., with corporate address at 1513
Bull Lea Rd., Lexington, KY 40511 (hereinafter referred to as KNDD);

and

SCIENTURE,
LLC (a wholly owned subsidiary of Scienture Holdings, Inc.), a company incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware, with
corporate address at 20 Austin Blvd, Commack NY 11725, U.S.A., (hereinafter referred to as SCNX).

KNDD
and SCNX may jointly be referred to as the Parties and individually each one as a Party.

WHEREAS

I. KNDD
is a company engaged in the research, development, and manufacturing of pharmaceutical products;

II. SCNX
is a company involved in the development and commercialization of branded pharmaceutical
products; and

III. SCNX
is interested in the Product and desires to obtain it from KNDD and KNDD desires to grant
SCNX exclusive rights to Commercialize (as defined below) the Product in the Territory (as
defined below), on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:

TERMS
AND CONDITIONS

1. DEFINITIONS

1.1 The
following terms, when used in their capitalized form in the Agreement shall have the following
meanings:

ADEs
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.4.

Affiliate
shall mean, with respect to either Party hereto, any person, partnership, corporation, organization, or other entity that directly or
indirectly controls, or is directly or indirectly controlled by, or is under common control with such Party. A person or entity shall
be regarded as a controlling party, if (i) it owns more than 50% (fifty percent) of the voting stock or other ownership interest of such
other entity, or (ii) it directly or indirectly possesses sufficient authority to direct the adoption and/or execution of the policies,
management or operations of such party by any means whatsoever.

CONFIDENTIAL

1

Agreement
has the meaning set forth in the Preamble, and unless the context otherwise requires, includes the Recitals and Schedules, supplements
and any complementary or ancillary agreement signed by the Parties in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof

Applicable
Laws means all laws, statutes, ordinances, codes, rules and regulations, as applicable, to which a Party is subject and which
are in force as of the Effective Date or come into force during the Term, in each case to the extent that the same are applicable to
the performance by the Parties of their respective obligations under this Agreement, including without limitation cGLP, cGCP and cGMP.

cGCP
means current good clinical practice standards, practices and procedures, including for designing, conducting, performing, monitoring,
auditing, analyzing, recording and reporting trials that involve the participation of human subjects, promulgated, enforced, or endorsed
by the FDA as set forth in the FFDCA and the Guidance for Industry E6 Good Clinical Practice: Consolidated Guidance, and
related regulatory requirements imposed by any other Regulatory Authority in the Territory, as applicable, as such standards, practices
and procedures may be updated from time to time.

cGLP
means current good laboratory practice standards, including for a quality system, standards, practices, and procedures concerned with
the organizational process and the conditions under which non-clinical health and environmental safety studies are planned, performed,
monitored, recorded, reported and archived, promulgated, enforced, or endorsed by the FDA or any other Regulatory Authority applicable
to the Territory, including as defined in 21 C. F. R. Part 58 relating to quality, as such standards may be updated from time to time.

cGMP
means the current standards relating to current Good Manufacturing Practices, including for the quality oversight, design, Manufacturing,
Development, storing, repackaging, testing, packing, relabeling, commercial and clinical distribution, transportation, and handling,
for fine chemicals, Drug Substance, intermediates, bulk products, finished pharmaceutical products and associated delivery systems under
Applicable Law or as otherwise promulgated, enforced, or endorsed by the FDA or any other Regulatory Authority applicable to the Territory,
as amended from time to time, including those set forth in 21 U.S.C. 351(a)(2)(B), in FDA regulations at 21 C.F.R. Parts 210,
211.

Change
of Control means, with respect to the Parties, a change in ownership or control of that Party effected through: (1) the acquisition,
directly or indirectly, by any entity or related group of entities, from existing shareholders of such Party of beneficial ownership
of securities possessing more than fifty percent (50%) of the total combined voting power of the Partys outstanding securities
that results in such entity or group of entities having effective control over the management and business affairs of such Party, or
(2) a merger or consolidation of such Party with another entity in which securities possessing more than fifty percent (50%) of the total
combined voting power of the Partys outstanding securities issued and existing as of just before such transaction are transferred
to an entity or entities different from the entities holding those securities immediately prior to such transaction, or (3) the sale,
transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Partys business or assets to which this Agreement relates. A
transaction intended to operate as a change of management of the Party including a reverse merger shall be deemed a Change
of Control. A transaction primarily for financing purposes involving the issuance of newly issued securities by a Party in exchange for
cash (or other valuable consideration) paid to the Party shall not be a Change of Control.

CONFIDENTIAL

2

CMC
Information means Information related to the chemistry, manufacturing and controls of the Product, as specified by the FDA
and other applicable Regulatory Authorities.

CMO
means a contract manufacturing organization which is compliant with cGMP practices and has successfully cleared an FDA inspection.

Cost
of Goods Sold or (COGS) shall mean the fully burdened costs in testing, manufacturing or acquiring the
Materials, the manufacturing, testing and analysis of the finished dosage of the Product, including in process testing, labeling, and
packaging, including Direct Labor and Benefits and Overhead, all determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP

Competing
Product shall mean any pharmaceutical product containing the same Drug Substance in the same dose (10mg/0.11mL) as the Product.

Commercially
Reasonable Efforts means the level of efforts and resources (including the promptness with which such efforts and resources
would be applied) consistent with the efforts and resources normally used by a similarly situated pharmaceutical or biotechnology company
in the exercise of its reasonable business discretion relating to the development or commercialization of a pharmaceutical product with
similar product characteristics that is of similar market potential at a similar stage of development or commercialization, taking into
account issues of efficacy, safety, patent and regulatory exclusivity, product profile, anticipated or approved labeling, present and
future market potential, competitive market conditions, the proprietary position of the compound or product, the regulatory structure
involved, and other technical, legal, scientific, medical or commercial factors, and the profitability of the product, including in light
of pricing and reimbursement issues.

Commercialization,
with a correlative meaning for Commercialize and Commercializing, means all activities undertaken
before and after obtaining Regulatory Approvals relating to the pre-launch, launch, promotion, detailing, medical education and medical
liaison activities, marketing, pricing, reimbursement, sale, and distribution of the Product, including strategic marketing, sales force
detailing, advertising, market and customer support, commercial distribution of the Product, and invoicing and sales activities. For
clarity, Commercialization shall not include any activities related to Developing or Manufacturing the Product.

Confidential
Information means the terms and conditions of this Agreement as well as all proprietary information delivered or disclosed
either orally or in written from, by or on behalf of the disclosing Party to the receiving Party that may be technical information, marketing,
business and financial information, scientific data, and all other information which a reasonable person would treat confidentially that
relates to the Product or the business of a Party. Confidential Information shall not include any information which the receiving Party
can show:

(i) was
known to or lawfully in the possession of the receiving Party prior to the date of its actual
receipt from the disclosing party as demonstrated by competent written records;

(ii) is
readily available to the public, other than through any act or omission of the receiving
Party in contravention of this Agreement or any other agreement between the Parties;

(iii) was
disclosed by a third party not under an obligation of confidentiality to the disclosing Party;
or

(iv) is
subsequently independently developed by the receiving Party without use of, reliance upon
or reference to the disclosing Partys Confidential Information as demonstrated by
competent written records.

CONFIDENTIAL

3

Conforming
Product has the meaning set forth in Section 9.3.

Consequential
Damages means any punitive, indirect, special or consequential damages, including, without limitation, loss of anticipated
profits, loss of profits, loss of time, loss of opportunity, loss of reputation or any other economic loss suffered or incurred as a
result of this Agreement whether such loss or damage may be based upon principles of contract, warranty, negligence or other tort, breach
of any statutory duty, the failure of any limited or exclusive remedy to achieve its essential purpose or otherwise, and whether or not
such damages were foreseeable.

Control
or Controlled by means, with respect to any material, Information, or intellectual property right, that a Party,
whether directly or indirectly (a) owns, or (b) has a license or sublicense (other than a license granted to such Party under this Agreement)
to such material, Information, or intellectual property right and, in each case, has the ability to grant to the other Party access,
a license, or a sublicense (as applicable), to the foregoing on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement without violating
the terms of any existing agreement or other arrangement with, or having to pay any amounts to, any Third Party.

Damages
means any and all losses, liabilities, damages, costs and expenses paid or payable to a Third Party, including, without limitation,
those incurred in connection with a judgment or settlement. For the avoidance of doubt, a Partys attorney shall not be considered
a Third Party.

Data
means all data related to the Product, including CMC Information, non-clinical data, pre-clinical data and clinical data, generated by
or on behalf of a Party or its Affiliates or Subcontractors. For clarity, Data does not include any patentable Inventions.

Development,
with a correlative meaning for Develop and Developing, means all activities reasonably necessary
for, or requested or required by a Regulatory Authority as a condition or in support of, maintaining the Regulatory Approval of the Product.

Direct
Labor and Benefits means that portion of basic wages, labor and related payroll taxes and employee benefits spent in production
and quality control of the Product, which are directly related to the Product and charged to the manufacturing and supply of the Product,
all determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP.

Drug
Substance means the active pharmaceutical ingredient Naloxone HCl.

Effective
Date shall mean the last of the dates appearing beside the signature of this Agreement by the Parties.

FDA
means the United States Food and Drug Administration, or any successor thereto.

Force
Majeure means any case of an extraordinary circumstance beyond the reasonable control of a Party that prevents such Party
from performing the obligations assumed in this Agreement (except for a Partys payment obligations hereunder), such as a local
or national emergency being declared, acts of God (including, but not limited to, fire, floods, earthquakes, strikes and riots, epidemic,
pandemic, acts of terrorism, shortage of raw materials), as well as any other similar cause.

CONFIDENTIAL

4

Indemnified
Party has the meaning set forth in Section 12.3.

Indemnifying
Party has the meaning set forth in Section 12.3.

Information
means any data (including Data), results, technology, business, financial, technical, scientific, trade, research, manufacturing, marketing,
product, supplier and other information of any type whatsoever, in any tangible or intangible form, including know-how, trade secrets,
practices, techniques, methods, processes, inventions, developments, specifications, formulae, software, algorithms, marketing reports,
expertise, technology, test data (including pharmacological, biological, chemical, biochemical, clinical test data and data resulting
from non- clinical studies), CMC Information, stability data and other study data and procedures.

Intellectual
Property means the Know-How, Patent Rights, Trademarks and any non-registered intellectual property contained in the NDA for
the Product, and any registered or non-registered intellectual property rights for the Drug Substance or the Product, in each case, to
the extent Controlled by KNDD or its Affiliates.

Invention
means any inventions or discoveries, including Information, processes, methods, assays, designs, protocols, and formulas, and improvements
or modifications thereof, patentable or otherwise, that are generated, developed, conceived or reduced to practice by or on behalf of
a Party or its Affiliates, Subcontractors, licensees or sub-licencees in respect of the Product pursuant to activities conducted under
this Agreement, in each case including all right, title and interest in and to the intellectual property rights therein and thereto;
provided, however, that Inventions shall exclude Data.

IP
Claims has the meaning set forth in Section 11.4.1

Joint
Steering Committee or JSC shall have the meaning set forth in Article 4.

Know-How
means any Information or material that is Controlled by KNDD at any time during the Term of this Agreement that is necessary or useful
to Commercialize the Product in the Territory including, without limitation, ideas, concepts, discoveries, inventions, developments,
improvements, trade secrets, designs, devices, equipment, biological material, process conditions, algorithms, notation systems, works
of authorship, computer programs, technologies, formulas, techniques, methods, procedures, assay systems, applications, data, documentation,
reports, chemical compounds, products and formulations, whether patentable or otherwise. Know-How shall also include non-confidential
information and material to the extent such information and material first lost its confidentiality by virtue of its disclosure in an
issued patent or published patent application, a filing with a Regulatory Authority or as part of a legal proceeding.

Launch
or Launching or Launch Date means the first commercial sale in the Territory of the Product
by SCNX, or SCNXs Affiliate, as the case may be, to an unaffiliated Third Party customer, after receipt of final Regulatory Approval
from the FDA.

Manufacture,
with a correlative meaning for Manufacturing, means all activities related to the manufacturing of a pharmaceutical
product, or any ingredient thereof, including, but not limited to, test method development and stability testing, characterization, formulation,
process development, manufacturing for use in non-clinical or clinical studies, manufacturing scale-up, quality assurance/quality control
development, quality control testing (including in process release and stability testing), packaging, release of product or any component
or ingredient thereof, quality assurance activities related to manufacturing and release of the product, and regulatory activities related
to all of the foregoing.

CONFIDENTIAL

5

Materials
means all materials and pharmaceutical ingredients, including Drug Substance, required for the manufacturing, labeling and packaging
of the Product.

NDA
means NDA N215487 and all supplements and amendments that may be filed with respect to the foregoing.

NDA
Cost has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1.1

Net
Sales means the total gross sales of the Product (number of units shipped times the invoice price per unit) by or on behalf
of SCNX or designee, as the entity responsible for Commercialization, or their respective Affiliates to Third Party customers, less the
following deductions as actually accrued and taken: (i) chargebacks granted or allowed in the ordinary course of business in connection
with the sale of the Product; (ii) sales and excise taxes, customs and any other similar non-income based taxes, all to the extent added
to the sale price and paid by the selling party and not invoiced to the purchaser or refundable in accordance with Applicable Law and
without reimbursement from any Third Party (but not including taxes assessed against the income derived from such sale); (iii) actual
freight, insurance, customs clearing and other transportation charges all related to the transportation and all in accordance with the
standard practices of SCNX for other pharmaceutical products to the extent added to the sale price and set forth separately as such in
the total amount invoiced and without reimbursement from any third party; (iv) solely as related to SCNX customers, amounts to be repaid
or credited by reason of rejections, defects, recalls or returns or because of retroactive price reductions, chargebacks, rebates, promotional
discounts, promotional allowances or commissions to unaffiliated Third Parties; and (v) administrative fees from customers or buyers
directly related to the Product, rebates or allowances actually granted or allowed to group purchasing organizations, managed health
care organizations and to governments, including their agencies, or to trade customers, in each case that are not Affiliates of SCNX.
Net Sales shall be determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP consistently applied in accordance with the standard practices of SCNX for
other pharmaceutical products.

NSS
Report has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1.2.

Overhead
means all customary and usual operating expenses directly related to the Product incurred by and in support of the particular manufacturing
cost centers, purchasing department and quality assurance operations related to the Product (including labor, related payroll taxes and
employee benefits), depreciation, general taxes, rent, repairs and maintenance, supplies, utilities and factory administrative expense,
but only to the extent directly related and properly allocable to testing, manufacturing or acquiring the Materials, or the manufacturing,
testing and analysis of the finished dosage of the Product, including in process testing, labeling and packaging.

Patents
means all patents (including all reissues, extensions, substitutions, confirmations, re-registrations, re-examinations, invalidations,
supplementary protection certificates and patents of addition) and patent applications (including all provisional applications, continuations,
continuations-in-part and divisionals) and all foreign counterparts of the foregoing, or as applicable portions thereof or individual
claims therein.

Patent
Rights means all Patents Controlled by KNDD at any time before, during or after the Term of this Agreement, that claim the
composition of matter or formulation of, or the method of making, using or delivering, the Product.

CONFIDENTIAL

6

Product
means REZENOPY (Naloxone HCl Nasal spray 10mg/0.11mL), NDA N215487.

Quality
Agreement has the meaning set forth in Sectio 8.3.

Recall
means the retrieval of the Product which presents a risk to the health of consumers, and/or does not comply with it is considered to
be in non-compliance with Applicable Laws.

Regulatory
Approval means, with respect to the Product, all approvals of the Regulatory
Authorities necessary for the commercial sale of the Product in the Territory.

Regulatory
Authority means any applicable supra-national, federal, national, regional, state, provincial or local regulatory agencies,
departments, bureaus, commissions, councils or other government entities regulating or otherwise exercising authority with respect to
the Product in the Territory, including the FDA.

Regulatory
Materials means regulatory applications (including Regulatory Approval applications), submissions, notifications, communications,
correspondence, registrations, Regulatory Approvals or other filings or documents made to or received from a Regulatory Authority in
order to Develop, Manufacture, market, sell or otherwise Commercialize the Product in the Territory.

Supply
Price has the meaning set forth in Section 6.3.1.

Term
has the meaning set forth in Section 15.1.

Sales,
Marketing and Distribution Expenses means the direct and indirect costs incurred by SCNX to commercially sell and market the
product in the Territory.

Specifications
means the specifications of Product, as applicable, as set forth in the NDA.

Territory
means the United States of America, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, the U.S. Virgin
Islands and all territories and possessions of the United States of America (including military bases).

Third
Party means any person or entity other than SCNX, KNDD or an Affiliate of either of them.

Trademark
means the distinctive trademark designated and Controlled by the parties or registered and licensed by the parties for the Commercialization
of the Product in the Territory.

1.2 In
this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires, (a) capitalized terms denoting the
singular may include the plural and vice versa, (b) words of any gender include each other
gender, (c) words such as herein, hereof, and hereunder
refer to this Agreement as a whole and not merely to the particular provision in which such
words appear, (d) the words include, includes and including
shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase but not limited to, without
limitation, inter alia or words of similar import, and (e) the words
will and shall have the same.

CONFIDENTIAL

7

1.3 In
this Agreement, reference to a specified article, section, paragraph or Schedule shall be
construed as reference to that specified article, section, paragraph or Schedule of the Agreement.

1.4 The
Schedules of this Agreement form part of the Agreement and shall have the same force and
effect as if expressly set out in the body of the Agreement and any reference to this Agreement
shall include the Schedules.

2. LICENSES

2.1 Grant
by KNDD. KNDD hereby grants to SCNX, subject to the terms and conditions hereof: an exclusive,
(even as to KNDD and its Affiliates) non-transferable (except pursuant to Section 20.1),
non-sublicensable (except to an Affiliate of SCNX), right and license under Intellectual
Property solely to permit SCNX to Commercialize the Product in the Territory. For the avoidance
of doubt, all Data and Information generated by KNDD or its Subcontractors that are necessary
or useful to Commercialize the Product are included in the Know-How being licensed to SCNX
under this Section 2.1.

2.2 Sublicensing.
SCNX shall not be entitled to sublicense any rights granted under Section 2.1 to any Third
Party. For clarity, SCNX shall not be prohibited from engaging contractors, including any
sales forces and discrete support services, in connection with exercising SCNXs rights
under this Agreement.

2.3 Reservation
of Rights. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, KNDD reserves,
exclusively for itself and its Affiliates, all rights to (a) use the Intellectual Property
to make, have made, or otherwise Manufacture the Product within or outside the Territory,
(b) use the Intellectual Property to Commercialize the Product outside the Territory, and
(c) to use the Intellectual Property to make, have made, use, have used, sell, have sold
any other products which are not the Product.

3. DEVELOPMENT & COMMERCIALIZATION

3.1 General.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including Section 3.3), KNDD shall
control and be responsible for all activities, costs and expenses related to the Manufacture
of the Product.

3.2 Subcontractors.
KNDD shall have the right to engage its Affiliates or subcontractors to conduct any activities
necessary for the performance of any of its obligations under this Agreement, including the
conduct of non-clinical studies, clinical studies, CMC activities, and regulatory services
for the Product in the Territory under this Agreement (each, a Subcontractor),
provided that (a) such Subcontractors are bound by written obligations of confidentiality
and non-use consistent with this Agreement; (b) any subcontract granted or entered into by
KNDD as contemplated in this Section 3.2 of the exercise or performance of all or any portion
of the rights or obligations that KNDD may have under this Agreement shall not relieve KNDD
from any of its obligations under this Agreement; (c) any act or omission by a Subcontractor
shall be deemed an act or omission of KNDD hereunder; and (d) KNDD shall be responsible for
each of its Subcontractors complying with all obligations of KNDD under this Agreement (including
without limitation all restrictions placed on KNDD herein). All Subcontractors used by KNDD
for cGLP-related, cGCP-related and cGMP-related work shall be FDA approved and compliant
with FDA standards in order to Manufacture the Product in the Territory.

CONFIDENTIAL

8

3.3 Commercialization
by SCNX. SCNX will be solely responsible for Commercialization of the Product in the
Territory and all related costs and expenses thereof (including, but not limited to, making
all selling and pricing decisions at SCNXs sole discretion) and shall use Commercially
Reasonable Efforts to Commercialize the Product in the Territory in a manner to maximize
the Net Sales of the Product. SCNX shall also be responsible for finalizing the Launch Date
the Product in the Territory; provided, that SCNX shall consider in good faith KNDDS
views and opinions regarding an appropriate Launch Date.

3.3.1. KNDD
shall have no involvement in the pricing of Product to SCNXs distributors or other
customers; SCNX shall have final and sole authority over such pricing with a view of maximizing
the Product sales. Subject to the foregoing, SCNX agrees that it shall not reduce the sale
price of Product other than for reasons, at SCNXs discretion, reasonably demanded
by the market for the Product, taking into account all relevant factors, including but not
limited to impact on the Net Sales value of Product. For the sake of clarity, this means
that SCNX will not reduce the price of Product solely to benefit sales of another SCNX product(s)
or combine the Product with other SCNX product(s) in a manner which materially and disproportionately
reduces the Net Sales value of Product.

3.4 The
parties shall have a mutual good faith discussion on the need and timing of the commercial
launch of an OTC (Over the Counter) version of the Product.

4. JOINT STEERING COMMITTEE

4.1 Formation.
Within thirty (30) days of the Effective Date, the Parties shall form a joint steering committee
to oversee and coordinate the Parties activities under the Agreement with respect
to any additional regulatory or Development requirements that might be necessary for obtaining
Regulatory Approval in order for SCNX to Commercialize the Product in the Territory (the
Joint Steering Committee or JSC).

4.2 Composition.
The Joint Steering Committee shall be comprised of four (4) total members, with two (2) members
to be appointed by each of KNDD and SCNX. Subject to the foregoing, a member of the Joint
Steering Committee may be replaced at any time at the discretion of the Party that appointed
such Joint Steering Committee member.

4.3 Responsibilities.
The Joint Steering Committee shall have the following responsibilities:

a) Establish
timelines for the Launch of the Product in the Territory.

b) Oversee
the Development and Commercialization of the Product;

CONFIDENTIAL

9

c) Provide
strategic direction and performance criteria; and

d) Resolve
disputes that may arise among the Parties respective representatives related to the
activities conducted under this Agreement.

The
Parties hereby agree that the JSC shall have no power to amend, modify or waive any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement.

4.4 Decision
Making. At each Joint Steering Committee meeting, at least one member appointed by each
of KNDD and SCNX must be present to constitute a quorum. The JSC shall attempt in good faith
to make decisions by consensus of the members present at any meeting; provided that decisions
shall be made by unanimous vote, with all the members representing KNDD collectively having
one (1) vote and all the members representing SCNX collectively having one (1) vote. The
Parties shall cause their respective appointees to the JSC to comply with this Section 4.4
and perform the activities for which the JSC is responsible under this Agreement. In all
discussions and determinations of the JSC, the members of the JSC shall endeavor in good
faith to act in the best commercial interest of the Product.

4.5 Joint
Steering Committee Dispute Resolution. If the Parties representatives on the JSC,
after reasonable discussion and good faith consideration of each Partys opinions,
cannot reach agreement on a matter within the JSCs authority within fifteen (15) days
after the JSC has met and attempted to agree on such matter (or such other period as the
Parties may agree upon in writing), then such disagreement shall be referred to the President
and Chief Executive Officers of each of SCNX and KNDD (or their respective designees) (collectively,
the Executive Officers) for resolution. Any final decision that the
Executive Officers mutually agree to in writing shall be conclusive and binding on the Parties.
If the Executive Officers cannot reach agreement on a matter within thirty (30) days after
such matter has been referred to them by the JSC (or such other period as the Executive Officers
may agree upon in writing), then (a) KNDD shall have the tie-breaking vote, and the decision
of KNDDs Executive Officer shall be final and binding on the JSC and the Parties,
to the extent the matter primarily relates to the Manufacture of the Product, and (b) SCNX
shall have the tie-breaking vote, and the decision of SCNXs Executive Officer shall
be final and binding on the JSC and the Parties, to the extent the matter primarily relates
to the Commercialization of the Product in the Territory. If the Executive Officers cannot
reach agreement on any other matter (i.e., not subject to the foregoing sentence) within
thirty (30) days after such matter has been referred to them by the JSC (or such other period
as the Executive Officers may agree upon in writing), or if they in good faith cannot agree
on whether a matter is subject to the final decision-making of authority of either Party,
then the Parties shall invoke the dispute resolution procedure in accordance with Article
18 hereto.

4.6 Meetings.
The Joint Steering Committee shall meet four (4) times each calendar year unless the Parties
mutually agree that the JSC shall meet more or less frequently. Participation in any meeting
of the Joint Steering Committee may be in person, by telephone, by video conference or by
other means of telecommunication that enables all members of the Joint Steering Committee
participating in the meeting to communicate simultaneously with each other. A member of the
Joint Steering Committee may, by written notice to each of the other members of the Joint
Steering Committee, designate a proxy with voting authority (subject to Section 4.3) to attend
such meeting in such members place. In addition, the Joint Steering Committee may
act without a formal meeting by a written consent signed, in one (1) original or multiple
counterparts, by all the members of the Joint Steering Committee. Representatives of either
Party, in addition to the members of the Joint Steering Committee, may attend Joint Steering
Committee meetings as nonvoting observers at the invitation of either Party.

CONFIDENTIAL

10

4.7 Minutes.
The Joint Steering Committee shall keep accurate minutes of its meetings and record all decisions
and all actions recommended or taken. Draft minutes shall be delivered to the members of
the Joint Steering Committee within ten (10) calendar days after each meeting. The members
of the JSC shall elect or appoint a secretary for each meeting and such secretary shall be
responsible for the preparation and circulation of the draft minutes. Draft minutes shall
be edited by the members of the Joint Steering Committee and shall be issued in final form
only with their approval and agreement as evidenced by their signatures on the minutes. Minutes
of the Joint Steering Committee meetings shall be deemed Confidential Information of each
Party.

5. REGULATORY MATTERS

5.1 Regulatory
Information Sharing and NDA Transfer. KNDD shall keep SCNX reasonably informed, through
meetings of the JSC of regulatory developments related to the Product in the Territory.

5.1.1. KNDD
shall (a) after the Effective Date pursuant to a mutually agreed timeline provide SCNX with
one (1) electronic copy of the NDA, Data and all other Information in KNDDs possession
or Control that are reasonably necessary for SCNX to Commercialize the Product in the Territory
and comply with all Applicable Laws in connection therewith. Any Data or Information (including
CMC Information) provided under this Section 5.1.1 shall be treated and maintained by SCNX
as the Confidential Information of KNDD. KNDD shall cooperate to effect the successful transfer
from KNDD to SCNX of the NDA and each Party shall promptly submit any and all notices and
authorizations to the FDA that are necessary to effect the transfer to and acceptance by
SCNX of the NDA.

5.1.2. In
addition to the foregoing, KNDD shall promptly provide SCNX with copies of any Regulatory
Materials received by KNDD or its Affiliates relating to the Commercialization of the Product
in the Territory and shall keep SCNX reasonably informed of any material verbal communication
or question relating to the Product received by KNDD or its Affiliates and Subcontractors,
from any Regulatory Authority in the Territory.

5.2 Meetings
with Regulatory Authorities. At each regularly scheduled JSC meeting, the parties will
provide each other a list and schedule of any in-person meeting or teleconference with Regulatory
Authorities (or related advisory committees) in the Territory planned for the next calendar
quarter that relates to the Product.

5.3 NDA
Maintenance: Once the NDA is transferred to SCNX, SCNX shall have responsibility to maintain
such NDA with the appropriate Regulatory Authority in the Territory. SCNX shall be responsible
for all the dealings with Regulatory Authorities on advertising and marketing matters. SCNX
shall file any and all reports required for the Product by Regulatory Authorities in the
Territory. SCNX shall be responsible for any submissions, fees, holding fees, or any other
fees associated with the maintenance of the NDA, including the prescription drug user fee
(PDUFA).

CONFIDENTIAL

11

5.4 Adverse
Drug Experience Reports. SCNX shall be responsible for filing with the Regulatory Authorities
any Adverse Drug Experience reports (ADEs) for Product which it receives
directly from Third Parties or from KNDD. ADEs shall be categorized and submitted by SCNX
in accordance with Applicable Laws and guidance documents as published by the Regulatory
Authorities

6. FINANCIAL TERMS

6.1 KNDD
Development Milestone Payments and Net Sales Share. In consideration for the rights granted
under Section 2.1 of this Agreement, SCNX shall pay to KNDD milestone payments, Net Sales
share payments and NDA Cost Reimbursement as listed in Schedule A.

6.1.1. In
accordance with Schedule A.c. SCNX shall pay KNDD its cost of developing the Product and
receiving NDA approval for the Product (NDA Cost). As of the Effective Date,
such NDA Cost totals twelve million eight hundred thousand dollars ($12,800,000), is summarized
in Schedule B, and is subject to change if KNDD is required to make further investments towards
the NDA prior to the transfer to SCNX. KNDD shall notify SCNX of any such changes to the
NDA Cost.

6.1.2. During
the Term, SCNX shall, within thirty (30) days after the end of each calendar quarter, provide
to KNDD a Net Sales share report for such calendar quarter (NSS Report). SCNX
shall pay KNDDs share of the Net Sales amount generated during a calendar quarter
within forty-five (45) days of the end of such calendar quarter.

6.2 KNDD
One Time Commercial Milestone Payments. In consideration for the rights granted under
Section 2.1 of this Agreement, SCNX shall pay KNDD the One Time Commercial Milestone Payments
sharing as listed in Schedule A.

6.3 Supply
Price.

6.3.1. The
initial supply price for the Product shall be nine dollars and twenty cents ($9.20) per unit
(Supply Price). This initial estimated price is based on Ex Works shipping
terms (Incoterms 2010) from KNDDs manufacturing facility in Lexington, Kentucky.

6.3.2. No
more than once in each calendar year after launch, KNDD shall be entitled to increase the
Supply Price for any increase in KNDD manufacturing cost, subject to KNDD notifying SCNX
of any price increase no later than sixty (60) days prior to the effective date of such price
increase, which for the avoidance of doubt, may not be applied to orders received prior to
expiration of such sixty (60) day period. Any price increase to the Supply Price must be
made solely to account for any increase in KNDD manufacturing cost and be based on the PPI
Index.

CONFIDENTIAL

12

6.3.3. Extraordinary
Costs and Price Increases. Notwithstanding Section 6.3.2 above, KNDD shall provide to
SCNX detailed documentation of, and may, charge SCNX directly at the time KNDD incurs, any
extraordinary costs or price increases related to any of the following items:

(i) increase
in the cost of raw materials, provided by KNDD, including but not limited to the components
procured by KNDD, and general energy costs that are not within KNDDs reasonable control;

(ii) price
increases due to taxes/assessments imposed by any authority or passed on to KNDD by its suppliers
in the form of cost increases or in any other manner;

(iii) any
increased costs of manufacture or testing that SCNX or a Regulatory Authority may require
be conducted and KNDD has agreed to conduct;

(iv) any
costs incurred by KNDD in connection with any changes or modifications to the Specifications
for Product made by or at the requested of SCNX and/or a Regulatory Authority; or

(v) any
increased costs of manufacture resulting from a material reduction in volume.

A
price increase/decrease is considered extraordinary under the present Agreement if it increases the then-current manufacturing costs
by more of five percent (5%). For the avoidance of doubt, KNDD may charge SCNX any costs incurred by KNDD required to implement activities
relating to items 6.3.3(iii) and (iv), in addition to any extraordinary price increases.

6.4 Payment
Terms.

6.4.1. Currency.
Any and all payments arising out from this Agreement shall be paid in United States Dollars.

6.4.2. Invoices.
All undisputed amounts shall be due and payable under this Agreement within 30 days, of an
invoice therefor from the other Party (including any milestones payable to KNDD as further
detailed on Schedule A). All invoices shall be delivered via e-mail and reflect the
banking instructions for payment (i.e. name of the bank, the account number and any other
relevant information for payment).

6.5 Taxes.

6.5.1. The
amounts set forth herein are exclusive of all applicable stamp, value-added, goods and services,
excise, transfer, sales, use, property, gross receipts tax, or any similar tax imposed, assessed
or collected by any tax authority, that KNDD is required to collect from SNCX (collectively,
Covered Taxes). To the extent SNCX furnishes a valid and properly completed
exemption certificate or other proof of exemption with respect to the Covered Taxes in a
form reasonably satisfactory to KNDD, KNDD shall not collect such Covered Tax; provided that
SNCX shall be responsible for such Covered Tax if such exemption certificate or other proof
of exemption is disallowed by the applicable tax authority.

CONFIDENTIAL

13

6.5.2. Except
for any Covered Taxes pursuant to Section 6.5.1 above, the Parties shall make all payments
pursuant to this Agreement to one another free and clear of any deduction or withholding
for taxes except to the extent a SNCX is required to deduct or withhold taxes by applicable
law. To the extent a SNCX is required to deduct or withhold tax (other than any Covered Tax)
in connection with a payment to any other party pursuant to this Agreement, then such SNCX
shall timely pay over such deducted and withheld amounts to the applicable tax authority
and promptly provide such other party with evidence of such payment. Where a relief, waiver
or reduction of any deduction or withholding is available under applicable Law, the Parties
shall cooperate to obtain such tax exemption from the relevant tax authority.

6.5.3. The
Parties shall cooperate and use commercially reasonable efforts to (i) minimize the amount
of Covered Taxes under Section 6.5.1 above or any taxes required to be deducted and withheld
under applicable law under Section 6.5.2 above, and (ii) claim the benefit of any exemptions
or reductions in applicable tax rates, to the extent allowable under applicable law.

6.5.4. For
the avoidance of doubt, each Party shall be solely responsible for any taxes measure by or
imposed on such Partys income.

6.6 Audit
Rights. During the Term and any applicable period thereafter, SCNX will keep accurate
books and records for purposes of documenting the amount of the Net Sales and returns for
the Product. Said books and records will be made available at SCNXs principal place
of business. Upon at least forty-five (45) days prior written notice to SCNX, KNDD will have
the right to have KNDDs independent public accountants (which accountants shall be
reasonably acceptable to SCNX) obtain access to such books and records during reasonable
business hours for the purpose of verifying, at KNDDs expense, the amount of the Net
Sales, the calculation of the Net Sales share, and any other information reasonably necessary
to verify the above calculations and information; provided, however, that this right may
not be exercised more than once in any calendar year and no period of time may be audited
more than once during the Term. KNDD will solicit or receive from such accountants only information
relating to the accuracy of such calculations, and will only have access to information for
the most recent one (1) calendar year. However, if in subsequent audits conducted in accordance
with the requirements of this Section 6.6, it is discovered that an error occurred that might
have carried back to previous years, SCNX shall provide the information for all previous
contract years for purposes of identifying if the error carried back and correcting such
error if necessary. SCNX will be entitled to require such accountants to sign a confidentiality
agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to SCNX, KNDD and such accountant.
KNDD and SCNX will each receive the same report of the audit from such accountants which
will contain their opinion of whether SCNX reports, calculations and payments have been accurate
or not and, if not, by how much and for how long and how they arrived at their conclusions.
The Parties may make inquiries of such accountants to clarify the contents of the report
and the accountants response will be provided to both Parties. If there is an underpayment
of the Net Sales share to KNDD, KNDD will send an invoice to SCNX for the amount of the underpayment.
Such invoice will be paid by SCNX within thirty (30) days after its receipt of such invoice.
In the event any such audit reveals a shortfall in amounts paid to KNDD of five percent (5.0%)
or more for the audited calendar year, then the reasonable costs and expenses of the audit
including the fees and expenses of such accountants will be reimbursed to KNDD by SCNX. In
the event any such audit report reveals an overpayment of the Net Sales share to KNDD during
the audited calendar year, SCNX will send an invoice to KNDD for the amount of such overpayment.
KNDD will pay such invoice within thirty (30) days after its receipt of such invoice. All
information contained in reports issued by KNDDs independent public accountants pursuant
to this Section 6.5 and all responses provided by such accountants in connection with related
inquiries shall all be deemed Confidential Information of SCNX.

CONFIDENTIAL

14

7. PURCHASE ORDERS, FORECASTS, MANUFACTURING AND PACKAGING ACTIVITIES

7.1 Supply
of Products. During the Term of this Agreement, SCNX shall purchase and KNDD shall supply
commercial quantities of the Product for the Territory at a Supply Price of $9.20 per unit.
During the Term, where possible, SCNX shall be named as an additional party to any supply
agreement or contract KNDD executes with any CMO for supply of the Product in the Territory.

7.2 Purchase
Orders. During the Term and in accordance with the terms herein, KNDD agrees to supply
SCNX with Product pursuant to purchase orders delivered by SCNX from time to time in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement. The amount of Product set forth in a purchase order will
be based upon and consistent with the forecasts delivered by SCNX to KNDD pursuant to Section
7.3 below.

7.3 SCNX
Forecasts; Commercial Lead Times. On or about five (5) months prior to the Launch Date,
SCNX will provide KNDD with an initial forecast of its estimated orders for delivery of Product
for the first twelve (12) months after first commercial sale of such Product in the Territory.
By the end of each calendar quarter thereafter, SCNX will provide KNDD with an updated forecast
for each of the following twenty-four (24) months. KNDD shall confirm to SCNX within twenty
(20) days of its receipt of each such forecast that KNDD has the capacity to provide the
quantities of a Product set out in that forecast. The forecasted amounts for the first six
(6) months of each forecast shall be binding and shall be confirmed by a purchase order from
SCNX. The remaining nine (9) months of each forecast constitute nonbinding, good faith estimates
provided solely to assist KNDD in production planning, and the forecast for any period may
be revised by SCNX by written notice to KNDD. Purchase orders shall be submitted one hundred
(100) days before the specified delivery date. The Parties shall use Commercially Reasonable
Efforts to supply the Product ordered pursuant thereto by the delivery dates specified on
the applicable purchase orders. Without the Parties prior written agreement, no rolling
forecast will vary the amounts of Product set forth in the previous rolling forecast for
the same calendar month by more than twenty percent (20%). KNDD shall use Commercially Reasonable
Efforts to supply quantities of a Product in excess of one hundred twenty-five percent (125%)
of the most recent forecasted amount for the applicable period.

CONFIDENTIAL

15

7.4 KNDD
Specific Duties. In addition to its general obligations relating to the supply of commercial
quantities of the Products, KNDD shall perform the following services at KNDDs cost:
(a) acquiring any and all raw materials, including Drug Substance, required to manufacture
the Product, excipients and packaging components as necessary, subject to the terms of this
Agreement and the Specifications; (b) maintaining and conducting quality control and testing
of the Product in order to monitor compliance with all applicable standards and specifications
required by the Specifications, the Product warranties pursuant to Section 10.2.7, and the
Regulatory Approval; and (c) performing such other reasonable services as mutually agreed
upon in writing by the Parties.

7.5 Inability
to Supply. During any period in which KNDD for any reason other than Force Majeure, fails
to ship at least seventy five percent (75%) of the quantities of the Product set forth in
a purchase order by the agreed to delivery date more than two times in a calendar year and
SCNX would be in an out-of- stock situation, after a sixty (60) day cure period, it shall
be responsible for any Third Party direct Damages arising from this situation, with such
Damages not to exceed the amounts paid for the purchase orders in question. For the avoidance
of doubt, SCNX shall be required to maintain a two (2) month supply of the Product as safety
stock based on its then-current forecast.

7.6 All
Product shall be shipped Ex-Works (INCOTERMS 2010) from KNDDs manufacturing facility
in Lexington, Kentucky. Upon Product being made available for pick-up per this Section 7.6,
KNDD shall issue an invoice to SCNX for the applicable Supply Price for all Product. The
invoice shall contain a reference identifying the SCNX purchase order number.

8. PRODUCT QUALITY AND MANUFACTURING PROCESSES; PACKAGING

8.1 Quality.
All Products sold by KNDD to SCNX under this Agreement will be subject to Product release
and annual stability testing by KNDD to meet the Product Specifications and each of the test
methods as well as the quality assurance standards established in the Specifications, the
Product warranties pursuant to Section 10.2.7 and shall be tested by KNDD in accordance with
the test methods set forth in the Specifications.

8.2 Packaging.
KNDD shall supply each Product to SCNX packaged in accordance with the Specifications, the
Product warranties pursuant to Section 10.2.7, Quality Agreement, Applicable Law and regulations,
including, but not limited to, cGMP. In addition, KNDD will supply Product in bulk to SCNX
to package in Unit Dose Cups at SCNX (or its CMO)s facility.

8.3 Safety
Data Exchange and Quality Agreements. Prior to the first commercial sale of the Product
in the Territory, the Parties shall enter into mutually agreeable Safety Data Exchange
Agreement for the Product. Additionally, KNDD and SCNX shall, and shall cause its
contractors to, comply with the terms of the quality requirements set forth in a separate
Quality Agreement for the Product, to be negotiated in good faith by the Parties and entered
into by the Parties as soon as practicable after the date hereof and prior to first commercial
sale of the Product in the Territory (the Quality Agreement). Such Quality
Agreement will be incorporated herein by reference following execution by both Parties. Any
amendments or revisions to the Quality Agreement must be approved by both Parties in writing.
To the extent that any inconsistencies or conflicts exist between the Quality Agreement and
this Agreement, the provisions in the Quality Agreement shall prevail with respect to quality
related issues, and this Agreement shall prevail with respect to all other issues.

CONFIDENTIAL

16

9. INSPECTION AND ANALYSIS

9.1 Inspection
by KNDD. Prior to shipment, KNDD shall analyze each lot of the Product being shipped
in accordance with the test methods for compliance with the Specifications and the Product
warranties pursuant to Section 10.2.7 subject to the Quality Agreement. KNDD will send to
SCNX an electronic version of the original signed and dated certificate of analysis and certificate
of release (with original copies to promptly follow by mail) prior to, or together with,
each shipment of the Product, and will send a copy thereof to SCNX by electronic means prior
to or at the time of each shipment. The certificate of analysis shall include the actual
results of the testing of each Product being shipped. KNDD agrees to retain all records and
documents necessary to fulfill the requirements established by the Regulatory Authority in
the Territory.

9.2 Inspection
by SCNX. SCNX or its authorized representative will inspect all shipments of each Product
upon its receipt and will promptly report any obvious physical defects in a Product to KNDD.
SCNX shall test each Product for conformance to the results in the certificate of analysis
in accordance with the test methods within ten (10) days of its receipt of the applicable
Product and related records. Any defects which are not obvious physical defects or are outside
the scope of testing of a Product as per the certificate of analysis (latent defects), will
be reported to KNDD by SCNX within ten (10) days of SCNXs discovery of the same. If
it is determined that the latent defect is caused by SCNXs improper handling or storage
of a Product, KNDD shall not be held responsible.

9.3 Non-Conforming
Product. Subject to the provisions of Section 9.4, if a Product does not meet the requirements
of the Specifications, the Product warranties pursuant to Section 10.2.7 and/or the Regulatory
Approval, then KNDD shall, within forty-five (45) days of delivery of the demand notice or
the completion of the independent testing process, replace said Product with new Product
that meets the requirements of this Agreement (the Conforming Product)
at no additional charge to SCNX. KNDD shall reimburse SCNX for all reasonable out-of-pocket
costs incurred by SCNX in properly disposing of such non-conforming Product. The demand notice
given hereunder shall specify in reasonable detail the manner in which a Product fails to
conform to the purchase order or otherwise fails to meet the requirements of this Agreement.

9.4 Independent
Testing. If SCNX notifies KNDD that a Product does not meet the requirements of the Specifications,
the Product warranties pursuant to Section 10.2.7 and/or the Regulatory Approval, and KNDD
does not agree with SCNXs position, KNDD will notify SCNX in writing within forty-
five (45) days after its receipt of SCNXs demand of the reason for its disagreement
and SCNX and KNDD will in good faith attempt to reach a mutually acceptable resolution of
the dispute. If the Parties are unable to resolve the dispute after a reasonable period of
time (such period not to exceed forty-five (45) days from the date of original demand notification),
the matter will be submitted to an independent testing laboratory reasonably acceptable to
SCNX and KNDD (which independent testing laboratory shall not be compensated on a contingency
basis). SCNX and KNDD shall, in good faith, select such independent testing laboratory as
soon as reasonably practicable. SCNX and KNDD will accept the judgment of the independent
laboratory as final. The cost of such testing will be borne by the Party whose position is
determined by the independent laboratory to have been in error.

CONFIDENTIAL

17

9.5 Recall.
If any Regulatory Authority in the Territory issues or requests a Recall, market withdrawal
or other corrective action of the Product, or if either Party assesses that an event, incident
or circumstance has occurred (in or outside the Territory) that may indicate the need for
a Recall of the Product in the Territory, that Party shall advise, subject to the Quality
Agreement, the other Party thereof by telephone or e-mail(a) within twenty-four (24) hours
of its receipt of notice from a Regulatory Authority requiring or requesting a Recall, or
(b) KNDD shall advise SCNX its determination that a Recall is needed within (24) hours of
receipt of such notification, and KNDD and SCNX shall convene a joint meeting to discuss
such Recall request within twenty-four (24) hours of such notification. KNDD shall include
any reasonable recommendation from SCNX as to the manner of conducting the Recall, provided
that such recommendation is agreeable to the applicable Regulatory Authority and in accordance
with the Applicable Laws. The Parties shall memorialize and agree on the parameters of any
Recall in writing. Except as otherwise provided in the foregoing, SCNX shall be responsible
for the execution of any Recall related to the Product in the Territory, including communicating
directly with the applicable Regulatory Authorities. If the Recall is attributable to the
fault of KNDD, then KNDD shall replace the Product in question. The costs and expenses of
any Recall in the Territory shall be borne solely by SCNX, provided however that to the extent
a Recall in the Territory results primarily from the failure of the Product supplied by KNDD
to comply with the Product Specifications, Product warranties pursuant to Section 10.2.7,
and Applicable Laws, including cGMP requirements, then KNDD shall reimburse SCNX for all
reasonable out-of-pocket cost and expenses incurred by SCNX as a result of said Recall. Subject
to the foregoing, KNDD shall notify SCNX of any Recall of the Product outside of the Territory
where the Product provided to SCNX may be part of the same Product lot(s) subject to Recall.

10. REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS

10.1 Mutual
Representations and Warranties. Each Party hereby represents and warrants to the other
Party that as of the Effective Date:

10.1.1. such
Party (i) is a corporation (or company) duly organized and subsisting under the Applicable
Laws of its jurisdiction of organization, and (ii) has full power and authority and the legal
right to own and operate its property and assets and to carry on its business as it is now
being conducted and as it is contemplated to be conducted by this Agreement;

10.1.2. such
Party has the power, authority and legal right, and is free to enter into this Agreement
and, in so doing, will not violate any other agreement to which such Party is a party as
of the Effective Date, or conflict with the rights granted to any Third Party;

10.1.3. this
Agreement has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Party and constitutes a
legal, valid, and binding obligation of such Party and is enforceable against it in accordance
with its terms, subject to the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, or other laws of general
application affecting the enforcement of creditor rights and judicial principles affecting
the availability of specific performance and general principles of equity; and

CONFIDENTIAL

18

10.1.4. the
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of such Partys obligations
hereunder (a) do not conflict with or violate any requirement of Applicable Laws or any provision
of the articles of incorporation or formation, bylaws, partnership agreement, or any similar
instrument of such Party, as applicable, in any material way, and (b) do not conflict with,
violate, or breach or constitute a default or require any consent under, any Applicable Laws
or any contractual obligation or court or administrative order by which such Party is bound.

10.2 Additional
Representations and Warranties of KNDD. KNDD hereby warrants and represents to SCNX that:

10.2.1. It
has sufficient legal or beneficial title, ownership or license in the Intellectual Property
to grant to SCNX the licenses described in this Agreement, free and clear from any mortgages,
pledges, liens, security interests or encumbrances that would conflict with such licenses
or otherwise affect SCNXs performance hereunder;

10.2.2. To
the best of its knowledge, no Third Party is infringing or misappropriating, or threatening
to infringe or misappropriate, any Intellectual Property in the Territory;

10.2.3. To
the best of its knowledge, the Development or Commercialization of the Product in the Territory
does not infringe or misappropriate any Third Party intellectual property.

10.2.4. To
the best of its knowledge, there are no actual, suspected, pending, or threatened, adverse
action, suit, proceeding, claim or formal governmental investigations in the Territory against
KNDD involving the Product or the Drug Substance; and

10.2.5. It
has not granted as of the Effective Date, and during the Term shall not grant, any rights
to any Third Party nor transfer, assign, license, encumber or otherwise conduct any activities
with respect to any right under the Intellectual Property that conflicts or adversely affects
with the rights granted to SCNX under this Agreement. KNDD is not under any obligation, contractual
or otherwise, to any Third Party that conflicts with or is inconsistent in any material respect
with the terms of this Agreement, or that would impede the diligent and complete fulfillment
of its obligations under this Agreement.

10.2.6. Neither
it nor its Affiliates shall develop, manufacture, market, sell, distribute or otherwise make
available in the Territory during the Term of any Competing Product.

10.2.7. With
respect to all Product delivered by or on behalf of KNDD to SCNX hereunder, such Product
will, on the date that SCNX receives the Product from KNDD in accordance with Section 7.6:
(a) conform to the Specifications; (c) be manufactured and delivered in accordance with the
Quality Agreement and cGMP; and (d) not be adulterated within the meaning of the United States
Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended, and any regulations promulgated thereunder, or any
foreign equivalent thereof in the Territory.

CONFIDENTIAL

19

10.3 Covenants
of SCNX. SCNX hereby covenants to KNDD that:

10.3.1. Neither
it nor its Affiliates shall, directly or indirectly, develop, manufacture, market, sell,
distribute or otherwise make available in the Territory during the Term any Competing Product.

10.3.2. It
shall not, and shall ensure that its Affiliates and sublicensees or licensees, will not,
directly or indirectly, promote, market, distribute, import, sell or have sold the Products,
including via internet or mail order, outside of the Territory. If SCNX receives any order
for the Product from a prospective purchaser reasonably believed to be located outside the
Territory, SCNX shall promptly refer that order to KNDD and SCNX shall not accept any such
orders.

10.4 Covenants
of KNDD. KNDD covenants to SCNX that:

10.4.1. Neither
it nor its Affiliates shall, directly or indirectly, develop, manufacture, market, sell,
or distribute in the Territory during the Term any Competing Product.

10.4.2. It
shall not, and shall ensure that its Affiliates and sublicensees or licensees, will not,
directly or indirectly, promote, market, distribute, import, sell or have sold the Products,
including via internet or mail order, inside of the Territory. If KNDD receives any order
for the Product from a prospective purchaser reasonably believed to be located in the Territory,
KNDD shall promptly refer that order to SCNX and KNDD shall not accept any such orders.

CONFIDENTIAL

20

11. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

11.1 Ownership
of Inventions. The Parties agree that all Intellectual Property and Inventions licensed
under Section 2.1 shall be owned by KNDD. KNDD shall ensure that each of its Affiliates,
Subcontractors and sublicensees under this Agreement has a contractual obligation to disclose
and assign to KNDD all Inventions generated, invented, discovered, developed, made or otherwise
created by them or their employees, agents or independent contractors. For clarity, all Inventions
owned, licensed to or otherwise made by KNDD and all assigned Inventions are included in
the Intellectual Property and licensed to SCNX under Section 2.1.

11.2 Prosecution,
Maintenance and Enforcement.

11.2.1. KNDD
will use it best efforts to prosecute the patent applications in the Territory. If any patent
should be granted, if permitted by law, KNDD shall provide the information to SCNX to list
any applicable patent or patents in the FDA Orangebook as expeditiously as possible. SCNX
shall assist in this process and the parties shall execute a Common Interest Agreement to
enable mutual participation and visibility.

11.2.2. First
Right. Each Party shall inform the other Party promptly if it becomes aware of any infringement
or potential infringement of the Intellectual Property within the Territory. KNDD shall have
the first right to prepare, file, prosecute, maintain and enforce the Patent Rights in the
Territory, at its cost and expense. KNDD shall provide SCNX with copies of all relevant documentation
so that SCNX will be informed of the continuing prosecution. KNDD shall give SCNX an opportunity
to review and comment on the text of each patent application, response to Office Action,
or other correspondence with any applicable patent office before filing, and shall supply
SCNX and its patent counsel with a copy of such patent application or correspondence as filed,
together with notice of its filing date and serial number, as applicable. In addition, for
the purposes of clarity, KNDD shall separate out Third Party Infringement (where a Third
Party sues KNDD) from Enforcement of KNDD IP Rights (where KNDD sues an infringer). For the
purpose of this Article 11, prosecution shall include any post-grant
proceeding in the Territory, including opposition proceedings, and other challenges brought
by Third Parties in the Territory, including invalidation (nullity) actions. KNDD shall be
entitled to retain any damages or other payments or benefits obtained from its enforcement
of Intellectual Property in the Territory, after reimbursing SCNX for any reasonable costs
and expenses actually incurred in assisting it in such action. SCNX shall use Commercially
Reasonable Efforts to provide such assistance as KNDD may reasonably require in prosecuting
or enforcing any Intellectual Property in the Territory. KNDD shall provide written notice
(or such shorter period of time as reasonably practicable), and on receipt of such notice,
SCNX shall have the right, but not the obligation, at its sole cost, to maintain such Patent
Right in the Territory. If SCNX elects to assume maintenance of any such Patent Right in
accordance with this Section 11.2.2, KNDD shall have the right to review and comment on SCNXs
maintenance or enforcement efforts and the content of all filings and responses to patent
authorities related to such Patent Right, and if KNDD reasonably determines that such maintenance
or enforcement efforts or content of filings or responses are likely to or will disparage,
limit or otherwise have an adverse impact on any Patent Controlled by KNDD, then upon KNDDs
written request, SCNX shall modify such maintenance or enforcement efforts, filings or responses
to patent authorities as reasonably requested by KNDD in order to prevent such adverse impact.
If SCNX elects to assume maintenance of any Patent Right in accordance with this Section
11.2.2, KNDD shall execute such documents and perform such acts as may be reasonably necessary
for SCNX to maintain and enforce such Patent Right on behalf of KNDD and such Patent Right
shall remain a Patent Right owned by KNDD; provided, however, that if KNDD wishes to abandon
such Patent Right, KNDD shall consider in good faith SCNXs request to assign to SCNX
the right, title and interest in and to such Patent Right, and following any such assignment
it shall no longer be deemed to be a Patent Right under this Agreement and SCNX shall maintain
and enforce such Patent for itself. SCNX shall be entitled to retain any damages or other
payments or benefits obtained from its enforcement of Patent Rights in the Territory, after
reimbursing KNDD for any reasonable costs and expenses actually incurred in assisting it
in such action. KNDD shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to provide such assistance
as SCNX may reasonably require in prosecuting or enforcing any Patent Rights in the Territory.

CONFIDENTIAL

21

11.3 Trademarks.
It is agreed that SCNX shall market the Product with the Trademark and KNDD shall retain
the Intellectual Property rights it may have or will have in the future with regard to the
Trademark. SCNX shall only use the Trademark in a manner and form designed to maintain the
high quality of the Trademark, and as otherwise communicated by KNDD, including in accordance
with any trademark usage guidelines provided by KNDD. Should KNDD notify SCNX that SCNX has
failed to comply with the foregoing standard, SCNX shall correct such defects in accordance
with such reasonable notification from KNDD within thirty (30) days of such notice. The authorized
use by SCNX of the Trademark under this Agreement shall not create any right, title or interest,
in or to the Trademark in favor of SCNX. SCNX shall not register, seek to register or contest
the validity of the Trademark and shall not itself use any name, mark or designation that
is confusingly similar to the Trademark.

11.4 Third
Party Infringement Claims.

11.4.1. In
the event that any Third Party otherwise files, in or out of court, any claims, demands,
liabilities, or suits against KNDD or its Affiliates, alleging infringement of any patent,
trademark, copyright or other proprietary right of any Third Party as a consequence of or
derived from the performance of any of KNDDs obligations under this Agreement (hereinafter,
IP Claims), KNDD shall give prompt notice to SCNX of the existence of
such IP Claim.

11.4.2. KNDD
shall take proper action with respect to such IP Claims in the Territory against it and shall
bear all costs, expenses and liabilities from such actions.

11.4.3. KNDD
shall decide the defense strategy, the means of proof and the appeals in KNDD in relation
to an IP Claim. KNDD shall keep SCNX reasonably informed prior to any court or administrative
body filings or material exchanges with opposing counsel as to the status of such litigation.
KNDD shall give SCNX an opportunity to review and comment on strategy and submissions to
the court or administrative body. KNDD agrees that it shall not, without the prior written
consent of SCNX, enter into any settlement agreement with any Third Party which relinquishes,
waivers or otherwise effects, in whole or in part, the rights of SCNX under this Agreement
in respect of a Product. KNDD may not settle or terminate such litigation without the prior
written consent of SCNX, said written consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned,
or delayed. Subject to Section 11.4.4, KNDD in any case shall (A) endeavor in good faith
not to undertake, accept and/or plead any statement that, directly or indirectly materially
impairs the Intellectual Property rights of KNDD under this Agreement or that admits: (i)
an intellectual property infringement caused by KNDD or by the Product, (ii) an invalidity
or nullity of KNDDs Intellectual Property, or (iii) any Intellectual Property is null,
and (B) not undertake, accept and/or plead any statement that admits an intellectual property
infringement caused by the processes for preparing the Product.

CONFIDENTIAL

22

11.4.4. The
Parties shall keep each other fully informed and reasonably cooperate with each other and
their counsel in connection with any IP Claim in the Territory. Without limiting the foregoing,
both Parties shall reasonably collaborate in the exchange of documentation and information
available in order for each Party to review and take action with respect to an IP Claim.
KNDD shall keep SCNX reasonably informed prior to any court or administrative body filings
or material exchanges with opposing counsel as to the status of such litigation. KNDD shall
give SCNX an opportunity to review and comment on strategy and submissions to the court or
administrative body, such as the PTAB, provided however any final decision on strategy, submissions
and otherwise related to any action in this Section 11.4.4 shall be the sole decision of
KNDD.

11.4.5. For
the avoidance of doubt, in the event that KNDD does not bring an action against a Third Party
infringer, SCNX shall be free to bring the action in its own name, at its own expense, and
retain any award or settlement in its entirety.

11.5 Citizen
Petition and Citizen Petition Litigation. The JSC shall review and agree on the appropriate
course of action with respect to any citizen petition proceedings and litigation specifically
related to the NDA.

12. LIABILITY

12.1 Indemnification
by KNDD. KNDD shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless SCNX, its Affiliates, officers,
directors and employees from and against any and all claims, demands, losses, damages, liabilities,
settlement amounts, costs and any expenses whatsoever arising from any claim, action or proceeding
made or brought against SCNX or its Affiliates by a Third Party as a result of (i) any breach
of any representation or warranty under this Agreement by KNDD, or (ii) any gross negligence
or willful misconduct of KNDD, its Affiliates or its representatives in connection with the
performance of this Agreement, (iii) KNDDs development of the Product, (iv) any claim
that the manufacture of the Product in the Territory constitutes an infringement, alleged
infringement, or misappropriation of any Third Partys intellectual property rights
in the Territory, (v) SCNXs or its Affiliates authorized use of the Trademark
in connection with the Commercialization of the Product under this Agreement or (vi) any
violation of Applicable Laws by KNDD or its Affiliates in performing any activities in connection
with the Product; in all cases, except to the extent that SCNX is obligated to indemnify
KNDD under Section 12.2.

CONFIDENTIAL

23

12.2 Indemnification
by SCNX. SCNX shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless KNDD, its Affiliates, officers,
directors and employees from and against any and all claims, demands, losses, damages, liabilities,
settlement amounts, costs and any expenses whatsoever arising from any claim, action or proceeding
made or brought against KNDD or its Affiliates by a Third Party as a result of (i) any breach
of any representation or warranty under this Agreement by SCNX, (ii) any gross negligence
or willful misconduct of SCNX, its Affiliates or its representatives in connection with the
performance of this Agreement, (iii) the Commercialization of the Product in the Territory,
or (iv) any violation of Applicable Laws by SCNX or its Affiliates in performing any activities
in connection with the Product; in all cases, (i) (iv), except to the extent that
KNDD is obligated to indemnify SCNX under Section 12.1.

12.3 Indemnification
Procedures. If a Party or any person entitled to indemnification under this Article 12
(each, an Indemnified Party) believes it is entitled to indemnification
and defense pursuant to this Article 12, such Indemnified Party shall notify the Party or
person obligated to indemnify under this Article 12 (each, an Indemnifying Party)
within thirty (30) days of receipt of any claims made for which the Indemnifying Party might
be liable.

Within
thirty (30) days after receipt of such notice, the Indemnifying Party will, upon written notice thereof to the Indemnified Party, assume
sole control of the defense of such Third Party claim with counsel selected by the Indemnifying Party. If the Indemnifying Party believes
that a Third Party claim presented to it for indemnification and defense is one as to which the Indemnified Party is not entitled to
indemnification and defense under this Article 12, it will so notify the Indemnified Party. The Indemnified Party may participate in
such defense with separate counsel it selects, at its sole cost and expense (from and after the Indemnifying Partys assumption
of control of the Third Party claim); provided, however, that if representation of such Indemnified Party by counsel retained by the
Indemnifying Party would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying
Party or any other person represented by such counsel in such action, as mutually agreed in good faith by counsel to the Indemnifying
Party and the Indemnified Party, then the Indemnified Party may participate in such defense with separate counsel it selects at the Indemnifying
Partys cost and expense; provided, further, that the Indemnifying Partys counsel shall control the investigation and defense
of such Third Party claim in accordance with this Article 12. The Indemnified Party will provide the Indemnifying Party, at the Indemnifying
Partys expense, with reasonable assistance and cooperation as reasonably requested by the Indemnifying Party. Without the prior
written consent of the Indemnified Party, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned, the Indemnifying Party
will not agree to any settlement of such Third Party claim or consent to any judgment in respect thereof; further, without the prior
written consent of the Indemnifying Party, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned, and provided that the
Indemnifying Party is in compliance with its obligations under this Article 12, the Indemnified Party will not agree to any settlement
of such Third Party claim or consent to any judgment in respect thereof.

12.4 LIMITATION
OF LIABILITY. Except in the case of a breach of Article 13 (Confidentiality), SCNXs
breach of Section 10.3.1, or KNDDs breach of 10.4.1, neither Party shall be liable
to the other for any Consequential Damages.

12.5 No
Other Representations and Warranties. Except as expressly warranted in Article 10 (Representations,
Warranties and Covenants ) or mandated by Applicable Law (without the right to waive or disclaim),
each Party expressly disclaims any further warranties, express, implied or statutory, including
but not limited to the implied warranties of performance, merchantability, title, fitness
for a particular purpose, non-infringement of Third Party intellectual property rights and/or
any other implied warranties.

CONFIDENTIAL

24

13. CONFIDENTIALITY

13.1 During
the term of this Agreement and for seven (7) years thereafter, each Party shall maintain
in strict confidence all Confidential Information of the other Party.

13.2 Each
Party shall not use the Confidential Information of the other Party for any purpose other
than the purposes expressly permitted by this Agreement, and shall not disclose such Confidential
Information to any Third Party (including, without limitation in connection with any publications,
presentations or other disclosures) except to its employees, agents or advisors who (i) have
a need to know such Confidential Information to achieve the purposes of this Agreement, or
(ii) except as authorized under this Agreement or by the other Party in writing. Each Party
shall ensure that any person to whom it discloses the other Partys Confidential Information
is informed of the confidential nature of and duty not to disclose the information, and is
obligated to maintain the confidentiality thereof. Each Party may also disclose the Confidential
Information of the other Party as may be required by the Applicable Law or by any Regulatory
Authority having jurisdiction, provided that the Party required to disclose shall, if possible,
notify the other Party prior to disclosing any Confidential Information and provide such
other Party with a reasonable opportunity to contest or limit the scope of the required disclosure
and obtain any protective orders as may be appropriate.

13.3 Except
as otherwise provided herein, upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, each Party
shall destroy or, if so requested in writing, return all Confidential Information of the
other Party and certify in writing that such return or destruction has been completed.

14. FORCE MAJEURE

14.1 Neither
Party shall be liable to the other Party for damages arising from the failure to perform
the obligations assumed in this Agreement when such failure shall be occasioned by Force
Majeure.

14.2 Any
Party affected by a Force Majeure shall, within fifteen (15) days of the occurrence of the
Force Majeure event, give reasonable notice to the other and shall endeavor in good faith
to minimize the effects of Force Majeure on this Agreement.

14.3 If
this Agreement is suspended for more than six (6) months by reason of Force Majeure, either
Party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement on the terms and conditions as are
provided for in Section 16.1.2.

15. TERM

15.1 This
Agreement shall be effective upon the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for a period
of ten (10) years from the Launch Date of the Product in the Territory, unless earlier terminated
in accordance with Section 17 (the Term).

15.2 Thereafter,
the Term of this Agreement shall be renewed for successive periods of one (1) year unless
either Party delivers notice to the other Party of its intention not to renew the Agreement
in writing at least six (6) months prior to the expiration of the then-current Term.

CONFIDENTIAL

25

16. TERMINATION

16.1 Mutual
Rights. Either Party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement immediately upon
prior written notice in any of the following cases:

16.1.1. In
the event that (i) the other Party hereto shall (1) apply for or consent to the appointment
of, or the taking of possession by, a receiver, custodian, trustee or liquidator of itself
or of all or a substantial part of its property, (2) make a general assignment for the benefit
of its creditors, (3) commence a voluntary bankruptcy, (4) file a petition seeking to take
advantage of any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, winding-up, or composition
or readjustment of debts, (5) fail to controvert in a timely and appropriate manner, or acquiesce
in writing to, any petition filed against it in any involuntary bankruptcy case, or (6) take
any corporate action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; or (ii) if a proceeding
or case shall be commenced against the other Party hereto in any court of competent jurisdiction,
seeking (1) its liquidation, reorganization, dissolution or winding-up, or the composition
or readjustment of its debts, (2) the appointment of a trustee, receiver, custodian, liquidator
or the like of the Party or of all or any substantial part of its assets, (3) similar relief
under any bankruptcy laws, or an order, judgment or decree approving any of the foregoing,
and such proceeding or case shall be entered and continue unstayed for a period of sixty
(60) days, or (4) an order for relief against the other Party hereto shall
be entered in an involuntary bankruptcy case.

16.1.2. In
the event of a Force Majeure that lasts for more than six (6) calendar months and either
Party finds it impossible or impractical to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

16.1.3. If
the other Party commits a material breach of any term of this Agreement and fails to cure
such breach within the ninety (90) days following written notice of such breach from the
non-breaching Party.

16.2 KNDDs
Rights. KNDD shall have the right to terminate this Agreement in the following cases
(in addition to those set forth in Section 16.1):

16.2.1. If,
with respect to the Product: there is a withdrawal from the market of the Product due to
(i) any decision, judgment, ruling or other requirement of the FDA, (ii) the issuance of
a voluntary recall by FDA, or (iii) material safety concerns, in each case which could significantly
impact the commercial viability of the Product.

CONFIDENTIAL

26

16.2.2. KNDD
shall have the right to terminate this Agreement immediately if the Product becomes the subject
of any mass tort liability action or there are material health and public safety concerns.

16.3 SCNXs
Rights. SCNX shall have the right to terminate this Agreement in the following cases
(in addition to those set forth in Section 16.1):

16.3.1. Upon
one hundred and twenty (120) days prior written notice to KNDD, SCNX shall have at its sole
discretion, the right to terminate this Agreement if the value of the Product is compromised
by an adverse and material change in market or other adverse and material business conditions
(as evidenced by written records reasonably acceptable to KNDD). Unless otherwise mutually
agreed in writing, SCNX shall not have a right to terminate under this Section 16.3.1 during
the pendency of any dispute over SCNXs right to terminate or KNDDs response
to evidence provided by SCNX under this Section 16.3.1.

16.3.2. If,
with respect to the Product: there is a withdrawal from the market of the Product due to
(i) any decision, judgment, ruling or other requirement of the FDA, (ii) the issuance of
a voluntary recall by FDA, or (iii) material safety concerns, in each case which could significantly
impact the commercial viability of the Product.

16.3.3. SCNX
shall have the right to terminate this Agreement immediately if the Product becomes the subject
of any mass tort liability action or there are material health and public safety concerns.

17. EFFECTS OF TERMINATION

17.1 KNDD
Right to Terminate. If KNDD is entitled to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Sections
16.1.1 or 16.1.3 (subject to applicable notice and cure periods), KNDD shall be permitted
by written notice to SCNX to terminate this Agreement with the effects set forth in Section
17.4.

17.2 SCNX
Right to Terminate. If SCNX is entitled to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section
16.3.2 occurring prior to Launch; or Section 16.3.3, SCNX shall discuss in good faith with
KNDD its ability to receive the grant of a license to SCNX for a different product in KNDDs
Development pipeline, under terms to be negotiated at the time of occurrence; the parties
shall have a good faith discussion to apply any milestone payments paid by SCNX to KNDD for
the Product to be used as a credit for any payments due to KNDD for the grant of the new
license.

17.3 Should
SCNX terminate this Agreement for any reason prior to KNDD receiving full payment for the
NDA, within thirty (30) days of said notice of termination, SCNX shall assign the NDA back
to KNDD.

CONFIDENTIAL

27

17.4 Termination
or Expiration. Except as expressly stated in Sections 17.1 and 17.2, in the event of
any expiration or termination of this Agreement, whether by SCNX or KNDD, the following shall
apply:

17.4.1. Except
for the right of SCNX and its Affiliates to exercise their rights and perform their obligations
under this Section 17.4, the licenses and other rights granted by KNDD to SCNX under KNDDs
Intellectual Property will terminate ;

17.4.2. Any
outstanding sublicenses under any of the licenses granted by KNDD to SCNX hereunder shall
terminate unless otherwise agreed in writing by the sublicense and KNDD;

17.4.3. All
Commercialization activities of SCNX and its Affiliates and their sublicensees with respect
to Products shall cease; provided, that SCNX and its Affiliates may, for up to six (6) months
after termination, sell on a non-exclusive basis any existing inventory of Products in SCNXs
possession or control or delivered to SCNX under this Agreement following such expiration
or termination, subject to SCNXs payment obligations under Article 6;

17.4.4. Without
limiting any of the foregoing, the Parties shall cooperate to effect an orderly wind down
and transition to KNDD or its designee of activities under this Agreement or otherwise related
to the Product in accordance with Applicable Law and accepted pharmaceutical industry norms
and ethical practices.

17.5 Accrued
Rights. Expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason shall be without prejudice
to any right which shall have accrued to the benefit of either Party prior to such expiration
or termination, including damages arising from any breach under this Agreement or liabilities
or obligations which accrued hereunder, in either case, prior to the effective date of such
expiration or termination. Expiration or termination of this Agreement shall not relieve
either Party from any obligation which is expressly indicated to survive such expiration
or termination.

17.6 Survival.
The following articles and sections, together with any sections that expressly survive or
that are required to interpret such articles or sections, shall survive expiration or termination
of this Agreement for any reason:

18. APPLICABLE LAW; DISPUTES; JURISDICTION; JURY TRIAL

18.1 The
validity, interpretation and execution of the Agreement, including the rights and liabilities
of the Parties hereunder shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with the laws
of the State of New York, except for any choice of laws rules that would result in the application
of the laws of any other jurisdiction. The Parties expressly agree that the United Nations
Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods shall not apply to this Agreement
or any Partys performance hereunder.

CONFIDENTIAL

28

18.2 Any
dispute controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, that cannot be
settled in an amicable manner shall be submitted in the first instance to the Executive Officers
of the Parties, who shall meet in person or by teleconference or videoconference to discuss
the same within thirty (30) days of the receipt by one Party of formal written notice of
dispute from the other Party. If the senior Executive Officers are unable to resolve the
dispute within such time period, then each Party reserves its right to any and all remedies
available under law or equity.

18.3 All
disputes arising in connection with this Agreement that cannot be settled in an amicable
manner or by senior executives from the Parties shall be exclusively settled and resolved
by the United States federal courts located in the State of New York. Each Party further
agrees that service of any process, summons, notice or document by U.S. registered mail to
such Partys respective address set forth in Section 16.1 of this Agreement shall be
effective service of process for any action, suit or proceeding in New York with respect
to any matters to which it has submitted to jurisdiction in this Agreement.

18.4 Each
Party hereto waives, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, any right it may have to
a trial by jury in respect to any litigation directly or indirectly arising out of, under
or in connection with this Agreement, and each Party hereto (i) certifies that no representative,
agent or attorney of any other party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other
Party would not, in the event of litigation, seek to enforce that foregoing waiver, and (ii)
acknowledges that it and the other Party hereto has been induced to enter into this agreement
by, among other things, the mutual waivers and certifications in this Section 18.4.

19. NOTICES

19.1 Any
notices or other communications to be served or sent to either Party shall be in writing
and shall be sufficiently sent if delivered in person, by registered prepaid airmail or address
as set out below or such other fax number or address as such Party may notify in writing
to the other Party from time to time.

If
to SCNX If
to KNDD

20
Austin Blvd _1513 Bull Lee Road

Commack
NY _Lexington, KY 40511

11725 Attn:
General Manager

Attn:
President and CEO 

with
a copy to:

Kindeva
Drug Delivery

11200
Hudson Road

Woodbury,
MN 55129

Attn:
General Counsel

19.2 Any
such notice shall be considered to have been given at the time when actually delivered or,
in the case of a fax, on completion of the transmission or in any other event within seven
(7) days after it was mailed in the manner provided above.

CONFIDENTIAL

29

20. MISCELLANEOUS

20.1 Assignment.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the successors or permitted
assigns of each of the Parties and may not be assigned or transferred by a Party (other than
to an Affiliate) without the prior written consent of the other, except that such consent
shall not be required on the part of either Party in connection with a Change of Control;
provided, that the successor or assignee in such Change of Control assumes in writing all
of the obligations imposed herein and; provided, further, that in the event of a Change of
Control of KNDD, (1) assignee or successor makes a good faith offer to purchase SCNXs
rights solely with respect to the Product, which SCNX may choose to exercise in its sole
discretion, and if the offer is not accepted by SCNX (2) that the successor or assignee in
such Change of Control assumes in writing all of the obligations imposed herein. Any attempted
assignment that does not comply with the terms of this Section 20 shall be void.

20.2 Entire
Understanding. This Agreement is the entire understanding and agreement between KNDD
and SCNX relating to the subject matter hereof and supersedes (except as provided herein)
any and all prior arrangements, understandings and agreements between KNDD and SCNX whether
written or oral relating thereto. No amendments, changes, or modifications of the terms of
this Agreement shall be deemed valid and binding unless made in writing and signed by the
duly authorized representative of each Party hereto.

20.3 Independent
Contractors; Expenses. The KNDD and SCNX hereto agree that in connection with this Agreement
the status of each of them in relation to the other is that of an independent contractor
acting in its own name and for its own account. Accordingly, neither the KNDD nor SCNX have,
or will be considered to have, any power of authority to act as an agent or representative
of the other, nor have any power of authority to contract in the name, or create or assume
any obligation or liability against, or otherwise legally bind the other in any way for any
purpose, unless otherwise expressly provided herein, or otherwise agreed separately in writing.
All costs and expenses connected with the activities and performance of each of KNDD and
SCNX under this Agreement are to be borne solely by KNDD and SCNX, as each incurred such
costs and expenses.

20.4 Non-waiver.
The failure by any Party at any time to enforce any of the terms, provisions or conditions
of this Agreement or to exercise any right hereunder shall not constitute a waiver of the
same or affect the validity of this Agreement or any part hereof, or that KNDDs and
SCNXs right thereafter to enforce or to exercise the same.

20.5 Severability.
In case one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall for any reason be
held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such holding shall not affect any
other provisions of this Agreement. Instead, a provision shall be construed by limiting such
provision to such extent as would nearly be possible to reflect the intent, purpose and economic
effect of such, or, if such is not possible, by deleting such provision from this Agreement.

CONFIDENTIAL

30

20.6 English
Language. This Agreement has been written and executed in the English language as used
in the United States of America and shall be interpreted in accordance with the English language
as used in the United States of America. Any translation by a Party into any other language
shall not be an official version thereof, and in the event of any conflict in interpretation
between the English version and such translation, the English version shall control.

20.7 Injunctive
Relief. Either Party may seek immediate injunctive or other interim equitable relief
as necessary to enforce the terms of this Agreement, provided that such relief is sought
exclusively from a court as provided in Article 18 hereof. The Parties hereto acknowledge
and agree that any breach damages would not be an adequate remedy and accordingly the Parties
agree that, in addition to any other remedies, each Party shall be entitled to obtain preliminary
or injunctive relief and to enforce the terms of this Agreement by a decree of specific performance
without payment of a bond or surety.

20.8 Third
Party Rights. Nothing in this Agreement will be deemed to create any Third Party beneficiary
rights in or on behalf of any other person or entity.

20.9 Further
Actions and Documents. Each Party agrees to execute, acknowledge and deliver all such
further instruments, and to do all such further acts, as may be reasonably necessary or appropriate
to carry out the intent and purposes of this Agreement.

20.10 Counterparts;
Facsimile/PDF Signature. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts,
each of which shall be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one instrument.
This Agreement may also be executed via facsimile or PDF, which shall be deemed an original.
Such counterparts may be exchanged by facsimile or PDF (provided that each executed counterpart
is transmitted in one complete transmission or electronic mail message).

[signature
page follows]

CONFIDENTIAL

31

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed by their duly authorized representatives as of the date first
above written.

Summit
Biosciences, Inc.

By: /s/ David
Stevens 

Name: David Stevens 

Title: REASON: I approve this document 

Date: 04 Mar 2025 

Scienture,
LLC

By: /s/ Narasimhan
Mani 

Name: Narasimhan Mani 

Title: President 

Date: March 4, 2025 

[Signature
Page to License Agreement]

CONFIDENTIAL
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

SCIENTURE
to commercially launch REZENOPY, a life-saving opioid overdose emergency treatment through a collaboration with KINDEVA DRUG DELIVERY
L.P.

TAMPA,
FL, March 06, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) SCIENTURE HOLDINGS, INC. NASDAQ: SCNX), a holding company for existing and planned pharmaceutical
operating companies focused on providing enhanced value to patients, physicians and caregivers through developing, bringing to market,
and distributing novel specialty products to satisfy unmet market needs, is pleased to announce that its wholly owned subsidiary, Scienture,
LLC (Scienture), has entered into a definitive agreement with SUMMIT BIOSCIENCES INC. (a wholly owned subsidiary
of Kindeva Drug Delivery L.P. (Kindeva)), for the exclusive U.S. rights to commercially launch REZENOPY
(naloxone HCl) Nasal Spray 10mg, an opioid antagonist that was approved by the FDA on April 19, 2024.

Under
the terms of the collaboration, Kindeva will manufacture and commercially supply REZENOPY (naloxone HCl) Nasal Spray
10mg. Scienture will own the new drug application (NDA) for REZENOPY in its name and be responsible for the sales, marketing
and distribution of the product in the U.S. through Scientures commercial operations infrastructure.

REZENOPY
is the most potent (highest strength) version of naloxone HCl available in the market. The product leverages the proven use of
the active ingredient and form factor, with increased effectiveness against potent opioids.

The
addition of REZENOPY to Scientures product portfolio aligns with Scientures mission to provide innovative
treatment solutions across therapeutic areas and expand access to patients. This product collaboration represents a strategic step in
advancing public health initiatives and ensuring that life-saving interventions are readily available to those at risk of opioid overdose.
As opioid-related fatalities continue to rise, Scienture is dedicated to collaborating with healthcare professionals, policymakers, and
advocacy groups to enhance awareness, education, and distribution efforts.

Nasal
delivery of Naloxone HCl has been widely recognized for its efficacy, ease of use, and accessibility, making it an essential tool for
first responders, healthcare providers, and community programs. IQVIA data (MAT December 2024) indicates a total annual sales of $189
million, unit volume of $10.0 million (eaches) for Naloxone in the US market.

We
are proud to take this significant step in strengthening our commitment to combating the opioid epidemic, said Narasimhan Mani,
Ph.D., MBA, President of Scienture, LLC. Through this collaboration with a well established and strong partner like Kindeva, we
now offer REZENOPY, a higher dose naloxone HCl option for communities, reinforcing our mission to deliver impactful healthcare
solutions.

This
collaboration is not just about expanding our portfolio; its about making a real difference in the fight against opioid addiction,
added Shankar Hariharan, Ph.D., CEO of Scienture, LLC. By working alongside public health agencies and community organizations,
we will drive meaningful change and save lives.

As
part of our commitment to fast-tracking healthier tomorrows, we are thrilled to be joining forces with Scienture to bring this life-saving
device to market, remarked Milton Boyer, CEO of Kindeva. Our nasal drug delivery team has created a nasal spray that is
quick and simple to administer, and which has the potential to prevent unnecessary overdoses across the United States. We are dedicated
to ensuring this device reaches the people that need it most as quickly as possible and prevent more opioid related fatalities.

About
REZENOPY

REZENOPY
(naloxone HCl) Nasal Spray 10mg, is an opioid antagonist indicated for the emergency treatment of known or suspected opioid overdose,
as manifested by respiratory and/or central nervous system depression in adult and pediatric patients. It is intended for immediate administration
as emergency therapy in settings where opioids may be present.

REZENOPY
nasal spray is for intranasal use only and is supplied as a carton containing two (2) blister packages each with a single spray
device.

IMPORTANT
SAFETY INFORMATION

Administration:
REZENOPY nasal spray is for intranasal use only. Seek emergency medical
care immediately after use. Administer a single spray into one nostril. If the patient does
not respond within 2 to 3 minutes or responds and then relapses into respiratory depression,
an additional dose may be given into the other nostril with a new device. Do not administer
more than 2 sprays per day. Additional supportive and/or resuscitative measures may be helpful
while awaiting emergency medical assistance.

Contraindications:
REZENOPY nasal spray is contraindicated in patients known to be hypersensitive
to naloxone hydrochloride or to any of the other ingredients.

Warnings
and Precautions:

Risk
of Recurrent Respiratory and CNS Depression: Due to the duration of action of naloxone
relative to the opioid, keep the patient under continued surveillance and administer additional
doses as necessary while awaiting emergency medical assistance.

Risk
of Limited Efficacy with Partial Agonists or Mixed Agonists/Antagonists: Reversal of
respiratory depression caused by partial agonists or mixed agonists/antagonists, such as
buprenorphine and pentazocine, may be incomplete. Larger or repeat doses may be required.

Precipitation
of Severe Opioid Withdrawal: Use in patients who are opioid-dependent may precipitate
opioid withdrawal. In neonates, opioid withdrawal may be life-threatening if not recognized
and properly treated. Monitor for the development of opioid withdrawal.

Risk
of Cardiovascular Effects: Abrupt postoperative reversal of opioid depression may result
in adverse cardiovascular effects. These events have primarily occurred in patients who had
pre-existing cardiovascular disorders or received other drugs that may have similar adverse
cardiovascular effects. Monitor these patients closely in an appropriate healthcare setting
after use of naloxone hydrochloride.

Adverse
Reactions: The following adverse reactions were observed in a REZENOPY
nasal spray clinical study: upper abdominal pain, nasopharyngitis, and dysgeusia.

Storage
and Handling: Store REZENOPY nasal spray in the blister and cartons provided.
Store between 2C to 25C (36F to 77F). Excursions permitted up to 40C
(104F). Do not freeze or expose to excessive heat above 40C (104F). Protect
from light. REZENOPY nasal spray may freeze at cold temperatures. If this
happens, the device will not spray. If REZENOPY nasal spray is frozen and
is needed in an emergency, do NOT wait for it to thaw; get emergency medical help right away.

For
more detailed information, please refer to the full prescribing information provided by the FDA.

About
Scienture Holdings, Inc.

SCIENTURE
HOLDINGS, INC. (NASDAQ: SCNX), through its wholly owned subsidiaries, Scienture, LLC and Integra Pharma Solutions, LLC,
is a comprehensive pharmaceutical product company focused on providing enhanced value to patients, physicians and caregivers by offering
novel specialty products to satisfy unmet market needs. Integra Pharma Solutions, LLC, is a licensed pharmaceutical wholesaler and sells
brand, generic and non-drug products to healthcare markets including government organizations, hospitals, clinics and independent pharmacies
nationwide. Scienture, LLC is a branded, specialty pharmaceutical company consisting of a highly experienced team of industry professionals
who are passionate about developing and bringing to market unique specialty products that provide enhanced value to patients and healthcare
systems. The assets in development at Scienture are across therapeutics areas, indications and cater to different market segments and
channels. For more information please visit www.scienture.com.

About
Kindeva Drug Delivery L.P.

Kindeva
Drug Delivery is a leading global powerhouse CDMO for sterile injectable, pulmonary, nasal, transdermal, and intradermal finished dose.
We are committed to manufacturing more tomorrows for our customers, colleagues, and patients around the world. We deliver unrivaled expertise
across development, manufacturing, and comprehensive analytical services for a broad range of drug-delivery formats. Through strategic
investments in cutting-edge technology, we proactively tackle critical industry challenges, including expanding aseptic injectable fill-finish
capabilities and leading the way in green propellant initiatives. Combining forces with a diverse global client base, Kindeva operates
state-of-the-art manufacturing, research, and development facilities across the U.S. and U.K. For more information please visit www.kindevadd.com

Cautionary
Statements Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This
press release contains certain statements that may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the federal securities
laws, including the safe harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements that are not historical
are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements relate to future events or our future performance or future financial condition. These forward-looking
statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our company, our industry,
our beliefs and our assumptions. Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management
teams expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future, including for the products we may launch and
the success those products may have in the marketplace. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations
of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify
forward-looking statements by the following words: anticipate, believe, continue, could,
estimate, expect, intend, may, ongoing, plan, potential,
predict, project, should, or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions, but
the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number
of risks and uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different
from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking
statements. These risks include risks relating to agreements with third parties; our ability to raise funding in the future, as needed,
and the terms of such funding, including potential dilution caused thereby; our ability to continue as a going concern; security interests
under certain of our credit arrangements; our ability to maintain the listing of our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market; claims
relating to alleged violations of intellectual property rights of others; the outcome of any current legal proceedings or future legal
proceedings that may be instituted against us; unanticipated difficulties or expenditures relating to our business plan; and those risks
detailed in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC.

Forward-looking
statements speak only as of the date they are made. Scienture Holdings, Inc. undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise that occur after that date, except as otherwise provided
by law.

Contacts:

SCIENTURE
HOLDINGS, INC.

SCIENTURE
HOLDINGS, INC.

6308 Benjamin Rd, Suite 708

Tampa, Florida 33634

Phone: (866) 468-6535

Email: IR@Scienture.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex1-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>meds-20250304.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>meds-20250304_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>meds-20250304_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 04, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 04, 2025

Entity File Number 001-39199

Entity Registrant Name SCIENTURE
HOLDINGS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001382574

Entity Tax Identification Number 46-3673928

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 6308
Benjamin Rd

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 708

Entity Address, City or Town Tampa

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33634

City Area Code (866)

Local Phone Number 468-6535

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, par value
$0.00001 per share

Trading Symbol SCNX

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://trxade.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
meds-20250304.xsd 
meds-20250304_lab.xml 
meds-20250304_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-009737-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001382574 

2025-03-04 
2025-03-04 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001382574 
8-K 
2025-03-04 
SCIENTURE HOLDINGS, INC. 
DE 
001-39199 
46-3673928 
6308 Benjamin Rd 
Suite 708 
Tampa 
FL 
33634 
(866) 
468-6535 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.00001 per share 
SCNX 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>