<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-083595.txt : 20250417
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-083595.hdr.sgml : 20250417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250417083442
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-083595
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		38
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250417
ITEM INFORMATION:		Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001136893
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		EIN:				371490331
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-16427
		FILM NUMBER:		25844391

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		347 RIVERSIDE AVENUE
		CITY:			JACKSONVILLE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		407-551-8315

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		347 RIVERSIDE AVENUE
		CITY:			JACKSONVILLE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CERTEGY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010607

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EQUIFAX PS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010315
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d934755d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000113689300011368932025-04-172025-04-170001136893fis:CommonStockParValue001PerShareMember2025-04-172025-04-170001136893fis:PointSixTwoFivePercentEuroSeniorNotesDueDecember2025Member2025-04-172025-04-170001136893fis:OnePointFivePercentEuroSeniorNotesDueMay2027Member2025-04-172025-04-170001136893fis:OnePointZeroPercentEuroSeniorNotesDueDecember2028Member2025-04-172025-04-170001136893fis:TwoPointTwoFivePercentSterlingSeniorNotesDueDecember2029Member2025-04-172025-04-170001136893fis:TwoPointZeroPercentEuroSeniorNotesDueMay2030Member2025-04-172025-04-170001136893fis:ThreePointThreeSixPercentSterlingSeniorNotesDueMay2031Member2025-04-172025-04-170001136893fis:TwoPointNineFivePercentEuroSeniorNotesDueMay2039Member2025-04-172025-04-17

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 17, 2025

Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Georgia 1-16427 37-1490331

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

347 Riverside Avenue 

Jacksonville, Florida 32202

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants Telephone Number, including Area Code: (904)438-6000

N/A

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share FIS New York Stock Exchange

0.625% Senior Notes due 2025 FIS25B New York Stock Exchange

1.500% Senior Notes due 2027 FIS27 New York Stock Exchange

1.000% Senior Notes due 2028 FIS28 New York Stock Exchange

2.250% Senior Notes due 2029 FIS29 New York Stock Exchange

2.000% Senior Notes due 2030 FIS30 New York Stock Exchange

3.360% Senior Notes due 2031 FIS31 New York Stock Exchange

2.950% Senior Notes due 2039 FIS39 New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 2.02 

Results of Operations and Financial Condition 

In connection with the execution of the Transaction Agreement described under Item 7.01 below, Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. (FIS or the Company) is providing certain preliminary estimates of its financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2025. In addition, the Company is re-affirming the guidance for the year ending December 31, 2025 previously furnished in the press release on Exhibit 99.1 of Form 8-K on February 11, 2025. As the Transaction described under Item 7.01 below is not anticipated to close until 2026, no impacts of the Transaction have been included in the 2025 guidance for the year ending December 31, 2025. 

The Company expects to report its first quarter financial results on May 6, 2025. 

First quarter ended March 31, 2025 preliminary estimated unaudited financial results 

Set forth below are certain preliminary estimated unaudited financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2025. These results are based only on currently available information as of the date hereof and are subject to change. The Companys financial closing procedures for the quarter ended March 31, 2025, are not yet complete and, as a result, the final results upon completion of the closing procedures may vary from the preliminary estimated unaudited financial results set forth below. 

FISs consolidated financial statements for the first quarter ended March 31, 2025, are not yet complete. Accordingly, FIS is presenting certain preliminary estimated unaudited financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2025, based on information available as of the date of this release. These anticipated results are not a comprehensive statement of FISs results for such period, and FISs actual results may differ from these preliminary estimated unaudited results. These preliminary estimated unaudited financial results are inherently uncertain and subject to change as FIS completes the preparation of its consolidated financial statements for the quarter ended March 31, 2025. During the course of the preparation of FISs consolidated financial statements and related notes, and completion of FISs financial close procedures for the quarter ended March 31, 2025, adjustments to the preliminary estimated unaudited financial results may be identified, and such adjustments may be material. These preliminary estimated unaudited financial results should not be viewed as a substitute for full financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP, and they should not be viewed as indicative of FISs results for any future period. Therefore, you should not place undue reliance upon this information. FISs independent registered accounting firm has not audited, reviewed, compiled or performed any procedures with respect to this preliminary estimated unaudited financial information and, accordingly, does not express an opinion or any other form of assurance with respect thereto. 

For the quarter ended March 31, 2025: 

METRICS

($ millions, except per share data) 1Q 2025

Outlook 1Q 2025

Preliminary Results 

Operational

Highlights

REVENUE $2,485 - $2,510 $2,532 

Total company recurring revenue growth of 4%

Banking recurring revenue growth of 3%

Capital Markets recurring revenue growth of 6%

Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EPS both toward high-end of outlook range

ADJUSTED REVENUE GROWTH 2.5%-3.5% 4%

Banking 0.5%-1.5% 2%

Capital Markets 7.0%-8.0% 9%

ADJUSTED EBITDA $940-$960 $958

Adjusted EBITDA Margin 37.8%-38.2% ~37.8%

ADJUSTED EPS $1.17 - $1.22 $1.21

Full-Year 2025 Outlook 

The Company previously provided full-year outlook on February 11, 2025 and is re-affirming the guidance for the metrics below: 

($ millions, except share data) FY 2025

Revenue $10,435 - $10,495

Adjusted EBITDA (Non-GAAP)1 $4,305 - $4,335

Adjusted EPS (Non-GAAP)1 $5.70 - $5.80

The Company does not provide a reconciliation for non-GAAP estimates on a forward-looking basis where it is unable to provide a meaningful or accurate calculation or estimation of reconciling items, and the information is not available without unreasonable effort. 

The information contained in Item 2.02 of this Current Report shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), except as expressly provided by specific reference in such a filing. 

Item 7.01 

Regulation FD Disclosure. 

On April 17, 2025, FIS issued a press release announcing that it had entered into a transaction agreement (the Transaction Agreement), pursuant to which FIS has agreed to (i) buy the Issuer Solutions business from Global Payments Inc. (Global Payments) at a valuation of approximately $13.5 billion, subject to customary adjustments, and (ii) sell, together with affiliates of GTCR, Worldpay Holdco, LLC to Global Payments at a valuation of approximately $24.25 billion, subject to customary adjustments, in each case, subject to the receipt of required regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions (the Transaction). 

A copy of the press release is furnished with this Current Report as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated by reference herein and posted a presentation relating to the entry into the Transaction agreement on the investor relations section of its website (a copy of which is furnished herewith as Exhibit 99.2 and is incorporated by reference herein). 

The information contained in Item 7.01 of this Current Report shall not be deemed filed for purposes of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act, except as expressly provided by specific reference in such a filing. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit

No 

Description

99.1 Press Release dated April 17, 2025 

99.2 Investor Presentation, dated April 17, 2025. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101).

* 

Schedules and similar attachments have been omitted from this filing pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule or similar attachment will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This communication contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements about anticipated financial outcomes, including any earnings guidance or projections, projected revenue or expense synergies or dis-synergies, business and market conditions, outlook, foreign currency exchange rates, deleveraging plans, expected dividends and share repurchases of the Company, the Companys sales pipeline and anticipated profitability and growth, plans, strategies and objectives for future operations, strategic value creation, risk profile and investment strategies, any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance and any statements with respect to the proposed acquisition of an Issuer Solutions business, the expected financial and operational results of the Company, and expectations regarding the Companys business or organization after the Transaction, as well as other statements about our expectations, beliefs, intentions, or strategies regarding the future, or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, are forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as expect, anticipate, intend, plan, believe, will, should, could, would, project, continue, likely, and similar expressions, and include statements reflecting future results or guidance, statements of outlook and various accruals and estimates. These statements relate to future events and our future results and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. In addition, the amount of the goodwill impairment charge announced today is based in part on estimates of future performance, so this announcement should also be considered a forward-looking statement. Forward-looking statements are based on managements beliefs as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, management. 

Actual results, performance or achievement could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. The risks and uncertainties to which forward-looking statements are subject include the following, without limitation: 

changes in general economic, business and political conditions, including those resulting from COVID-19 or other pandemics, a recession, intensified international hostilities, acts of terrorism, increased rates of inflation or interest, changes in either or both the United States and international lending, capital and financial markets or currency fluctuations; 

the risk that acquired businesses will not be integrated successfully or that the integration will be more costly or more time-consuming and complex than anticipated; 

the risk that cost savings and synergies anticipated to be realized from acquisitions may not be fully realized or may take longer to realize than expected; 

the risks of doing business internationally; 

the risk of unforeseen liabilities of the Company or the Issuer Solutions business may exist; 

unexpected costs, liabilities, charges or expenses resulting from the Transaction; 

dependence on key personnel; 

the effect of legislative initiatives or proposals, statutory changes, governmental or applicable regulations and/or changes in industry requirements, including privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations; 

the risks of reduction in revenue from the elimination of existing and potential customers due to consolidation in, or new laws or regulations affecting, the banking, retail and financial services industries or due to financial failures or other setbacks suffered by firms in those industries; 

changes in the growth rates of the markets for our solutions; 

the amount, declaration and payment of future dividends is at the discretion of our Board of Directors and depends on, among other things, our investment opportunities, results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, future prospects, and other factors that may be considered relevant by our Board of Directors, including legal and contractual restrictions; 

the amount and timing of any future share repurchases is subject to, among other things, our share price, our other investment opportunities and cash requirements, our results of operations and financial condition, our future prospects and other factors that may be considered relevant by our Board of Directors and management; 

failures to adapt our solutions to changes in technology or in the marketplace; 

internal or external security breaches of our systems, including those relating to unauthorized access, theft, corruption or loss of personal information and computer viruses and other malware affecting our software or platforms, and the reactions of customers, card associations, government regulators and others to any such events; 

the risk that implementation of software, including software updates, for customers or at customer locations or employee error in monitoring our software and platforms may result in the corruption or loss of data or customer information, interruption of business operations, outages, exposure to liability claims or loss of customers; 

uncertainties as to the timing of the consummation of the Transaction or whether it will be completed; 

the risk that partners and third parties who may fail to satisfy their legal obligations and risks associated with managing pension cost; cybersecurity issues, IT outages and data privacy; 

risks associated with the impact, timing or terms of the Transaction; 

risks associated with the expected benefits and costs of the Transaction, including the risk that the expected benefits of the Transaction or any contingent purchase price will not be realized within the expected timeframe, in full or at all; 

the risk that conditions to the Transaction will not be satisfied and/or that the Transaction will not be completed within the expected timeframe, on the expected terms or at all; 

the risk that any consents or regulatory or other approvals required in connection with the Transaction will not be received or obtained within the expected timeframe, on the expected terms or at all; 

the risk that the financing intended to fund the Transaction may not be obtained; 

the risk that the costs of restructuring transactions and other costs incurred in connection with the Transaction will exceed our estimates or otherwise adversely affect our business or operations; 

the impact of the Transaction on our businesses and the risk that the Transaction may be more difficult, time-consuming or costly than expected, including the impact on our resources, systems, procedures and controls, diversion of managements attention and the impact on relationships with customers, governmental authorities, suppliers, employees and other business counterparties; 

the reaction of current and potential customers to communications from us or regulators regarding information security, risk management, internal audit or other matters; 

the risk that policies and resulting actions of the current administration in the U.S. may result in additional regulations and executive orders, as well as additional regulatory and tax costs; 

competitive pressures on pricing related to the decreasing number of community banks in the U.S., the development of new disruptive technologies competing with one or more of our solutions, increasing presence of international competitors in the U.S. market and the entry into the market by global banks and global companies with respect to certain competitive solutions, each of which may have the impact of unbundling individual solutions from a comprehensive suite of solutions we provide to many of our customers; 

the failure to innovate in order to keep up with new emerging technologies, which could impact our solutions and our ability to attract new, or retain existing, customers; 

an operational or natural disaster at one of our major operations centers; 

failure to comply with applicable requirements of payment networks or changes in those requirements; 

fraud by bad actors; and 

other risks detailed in the Risk Factors and other sections of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, in our current reports on Form 8-K and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Other unknown or unpredictable factors also could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are inherently subject to uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. There can be no assurance that the Transaction will in fact be completed in the manner described or at all. Except as required by applicable law or regulation, we do not undertake (and expressly disclaim) any obligation and do not intend to publicly update or review any of these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Date: April 17, 2025 Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.

(Registrant)

By: 

/s/ James Kehoe

Name: James Kehoe

Title: Chief Financial Officer

By: 

/s/ Alexandra Brooks

Name: Alexandra Brooks

Title: 

Chief Accounting Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d934755dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

News Release 

FIS
Announces Sale of Worldpay Stake and Strategic Acquisition of Global Payments Issuer Solutions Business 

Acquisition of Global Payments Issuer Solutions business (Issuer Solutions) strengthens FIS
position as a scaled fintech leader with global reach and a best-of-breed product suite

Issuer Solutions credit processing offering will extend FIS value proposition and drive long-term
expected revenue synergies in excess of $125 million annually

Acquisition is expected to be accretive to Adjusted EBITDA margins, Adjusted EPS and Adjusted Free Cash Flow
in the first 12 months, and unlock net EBITDA synergies of more than $150 million by year three

Transaction accelerates monetization of Worldpay stake with sale to Global Payments for
$6.6 billion in pre-tax value

Sale of Worldpay and acquisition of Issuer Solutions replaces non-cash
generating minority interest with growing recurring revenues, EBITDA and free cash flow

Company provides preliminary results for the first quarter of 2025, reiterates prior full year 2025 outlook
and will host an investor conference call to discuss transactions at 8:30 a.m. (EDT)

Jacksonville, FL Thursday,
April 17, 2025 FIS (NYSE: FIS), (the Company) a global leader in financial technology, today announced it has entered into a definitive agreement to
acquire 100% of Global Payments (NYSE: GPN) Issuer Solutions business for an enterprise value of $13.5 billion, or a net purchase price of $12 billion including $1.5 billion of anticipated net present value of tax assets. 

Concurrently, FIS has entered into a definitive agreement to sell its stake in Worldpay to Global Payments for $6.6 billion in pre-tax value. This transaction accelerates the monetization of the Companys minority stake in Worldpay. 

Issuer Solutions Strengthens FIS Position as Globally Scaled Fintech Leader to Large Financial Institutions 

Issuer Solutions is a global market leader in credit processing, with a client presence in over 75 countries. The business processes more than 40 billion
transactions annually and maintains strong partnerships with over 170 financial institutions and corporates. 

The acquisition of Issuer Solutions is
a strategic and accretive transaction that will expand FIS payment product suite and deepen our relationships with financial institutions and corporate clients, said Stephanie Ferris, Chief Executive Officer and President of FIS.
Issuer Solutions globally scaled credit processing capabilities are highly complementary to FIS established debit processing capabilities, strengthening our broader banking and capital markets offering. 

Ferris continued, We are pleased to fully monetize our Worldpay stake at an attractive valuation. The transaction enhances FIS financial profile
and replaces our non-cash generating minority stake in Worldpay with a growing stream of recurring high-margin revenues and cash flows. 

1 

Issuer Solutions Offers Compelling Strategic and Financial Rationale 

Highly Complementary to FIS Banking and Payments Business: The acquisition adds a strong product
suite in credit processing, fraud, loyalty and other value-added services to FIS portfolio of debit processing, network services, payments processing, loyalty solutions and AR/AP banking services, creating a best-in-classend-to-end offering for financial institutions and corporates. 

Significantly Expands Market Opportunity for Banking Segment: Issuer Solutions enables FIS to tap into a
global issuer market opportunity of $28 billion, including the highly attractive $15 billion U.S. issuer market opportunity. 

Strengthens Financial Profile: The acquisition is expected to be accretive to Adjusted EBITDA margins,
Adjusted EPS and Adjusted Free Cash Flow. FIS expects to generate over $500 million in incremental Adjusted Free Cash Flow in the first 12 months after the closing of the transaction. 

Delivers Robust Revenue & Cost Synergies: The acquisition is expected to deliver
$45 million in incremental revenue synergies within three years, with over $125 million of revenue synergies longer-term, and more than $150 million in net EBITDA synergies within three years. 

FIS and Global Payments have established a long-term collaboration and commercial agreements. 

Issuer Solutions Transaction Details 

The acquisition of
Issuer Solutions for a net purchase price of $12 billion (total value of $13.5 billion excluding $1.5 billion of anticipated net present value of tax assets) represents a multiple of approximately 9x expected 2025 synergized EBITDA.

FIS will fund the acquisition through a combination of $8 billion of new debt and the value from the sale of its minority stake in Worldpay.
Following the closing of the transactions, the Company expects pro forma gross leverage to be approximately 3.4x, deleveraging to its target gross leverage of 2.8x within 18 months. 

This transaction is expected to close in the first half of 2026, subject to regulatory approvals, the closing of the Worldpay transaction, and other customary
closing conditions. 

Worldpay Transaction Details 

The sale of 45% of Worldpay for $6.6 billion represents a multiple of approximately 10.5x expected 2025 EBITDA, a premium to the 9.8x valuation of
FIS February 2024 sale of its 55% stake in Worldpay. 

This transaction is expected to close in the first half of 2026, subject to regulatory
approvals, the closing of the Issuer Solutions transaction, and other customary closing conditions. 

Capital Allocation Updates 

The Company will continue to execute against its existing capital allocation priorities in 2025, including an M&A spend of up to $1 billion and share
repurchases of $1.2 billion. The Company expects to maintain its dividend policy of annual dividend per share growth consistent with Adjusted EPS growth. Post closing the transaction, the Company expects to temporarily pause share repurchases
and tuck-in M&A to accelerate deleveraging. The Company will resume its existing capital allocation priorities once it has achieved its target gross leverage of 2.8x. 

2 

1Q 2025 Financial Update 

FIS expects to report first quarter 2025 financial results on May 6, 2025. At this time, the Company is providing certain preliminary unaudited financial
results and metrics for the three months ended March 31, 2025, based on currently available information. 

Total company revenue of $2.5 billion, with adjusted revenue growth and recurring revenue growth of
approximately 4% 

Banking adjusted revenue growth of approximately 2%, which was above the
high-end of the outlook; recurring revenue grew approximately 3% 

Capital Markets adjusted revenue growth of approximately 9%, which was also above the high-end of the outlook; recurring revenue growth was approximately 6% 

Adjusted EBITDA of approximately $958 million, toward the high-end
of our outlook 

Adjusted EPS of approximately $1.21, which was also toward the high-end
of our outlook 

The Company is reaffirming its prior full year 2025 outlook for Adjusted Revenue Growth, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted
EPS. 

Webcast 

FIS will host a live webcast about
this announcement with the investment community beginning at 8:30 a.m. (EDT) on Thursday, April 17, 2025. To access the webcast, go to the Investor Relations section of FIS homepage, www.fisglobal.com. A replay will be available after the
conclusion of the live webcast. 

About FIS 

FIS is a
financial technology company providing solutions to financial institutions, businesses, and developers. We unlock financial technology to the world across the money lifecycle underpinning the worlds financial system. Our people are dedicated
to advancing the way the world pays, banks and invests, by helping our clients to confidently run, grow, and protect their businesses. Our expertise comes from decades of experience helping financial institutions and businesses of all sizes adapt to
meet the needs of their customers by harnessing where reliability meets innovation in financial technology. Headquartered in Jacksonville, Florida, FIS is a member of the Fortune 500 and
the Standard & Poors 500 Index. To learn more, visit fisglobal.com. Follow FIS
onLinkedIn,Facebook andX. 

FIS Use of Non-GAAP
Financial Information 

Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) is the term used to refer to the standard framework of guidelines for financial
accounting in the United States. GAAP includes the standards, conventions, and rules accountants follow in recording and summarizing transactions and in the preparation of financial statements. In addition to reporting financial results in
accordance with GAAP, we have provided certain non-GAAP financial measures. 

These
non-GAAP measures include constant currency revenue, adjusted revenue growth, adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA margin, adjusted net earnings, adjusted EPS, and adjusted free cash flow. These non-GAAP measures may be used in this release and/or in the attached supplemental financial information. 

We believe
these non-GAAP measures help investors better understand the underlying fundamentals of our business. As further described below, the non-GAAP revenue and earnings
measures presented eliminate items management believes are not indicative of FIS operating performance. The constant currency revenue and adjusted revenue growth measures adjust for the effects of exchange rate fluctuations and exclude
discontinued operations, while adjusted revenue growth also excludes revenue from Corporate and Other, giving investors further insight into our performance. Finally, adjusted free cash flow provides further information about the ability of our
business to generate cash. For these reasons, management also uses these non-GAAP measures in its assessment and management of FIS performance. 

3 

Constant currency revenue represents reported segment revenue excluding the impact of fluctuations in
foreign currency exchange rates in the current period. 

Adjusted revenue growth reflects the percentage change in constant currency revenue for the
current period as compared to the prior period. Constant currency revenue is calculated by applying prior-year period foreign currency exchange rates to current-period revenue. When referring to adjusted revenue growth, revenue from our Corporate
and Other segment is excluded. 

Adjusted EBITDA reflects net earnings (loss) before interest, other income (expense), taxes, equity method
investment earnings (loss), and depreciation and amortization, and excludes certain costs that do not constitute normal, recurring, cash operating expenses necessary to operate our business. This measure is reported to the chief operating decision
maker for purposes of making decisions about allocating resources to the segments and assessing their performance. For this reason, adjusted EBITDA, as it relates to our segments, is presented in conformity with Accounting Standards Codification
280, Segment Reporting, and is excluded from the definition of non-GAAP financial measures under the Securities and Exchange Commissions Regulation G and Item 10(e) of Regulation S-K.

Adjusted EBITDA margin reflects adjusted EBITDA, as defined above, divided by revenue. 

Adjusted net earnings excludes the effect of purchase price amortization, as well as certain costs that do not constitute normal, recurring, cash
operating expenses necessary to operate our business. For purposes of calculating Adjusted net earnings, our equity method investment earnings (loss) (EMI) from Worldpay is also adjusted to exclude certain costs and other transactions in
a similar manner. 

Adjusted EPS reflects adjusted net earnings, as defined above, divided by weighted average diluted shares outstanding. 

Adjusted free cash flow reflects net cash provided by operating activities, adjusted for the net change in settlement assets and obligations and
excluding certain transactions that are closely associated with non-operating activities or are otherwise non-operational in nature and not indicative of future
operating cash flows, less capital expenditures. Adjusted free cash flow does not represent our residual cash flow available for discretionary expenditures since we have mandatory debt service requirements and other
non-discretionary expenditures that are not deducted from the measure. Adjusted free cash flow as presented in this earnings release excludes cash flow from discontinued operations, which our management cannot
freely access following the Worldpay separation. 

Any non-GAAP measures should be considered in context with the
GAAP financial presentation and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for GAAP measures. Further, FIS non-GAAP measures may be calculated differently from similarly titled measures of
other companies. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to related GAAP measures, including footnotes describing the adjustments, are provided in the attached schedules and in the Investor Relations
section of the FIS website, www.fisglobal.com. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This release and todays webcast contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws. Statements that
are not historical facts, as well as other statements about our expectations, beliefs, intentions, or strategies regarding the future, or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking
statements include statements about anticipated financial outcomes, including any earnings outlook or projections, projected revenue or expense synergies or dis-synergies, business and market conditions,
outlook, foreign currency exchange rates, deleveraging plans, expected dividends and share repurchases of the Company, the Companys sales pipeline and anticipated profitability and growth, plans, strategies and objectives for future
operations, strategic value creation, risk profile and investment strategies, any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance and any statements with respect to the future impacts of the Worldpay Sale or any agreements or
arrangements entered into in connection with such transaction. These statements may be identified by words such as 

4 

expect, anticipate, intend, plan, believe, will, should, could, would,
project, continue, likely, and similar expressions, and include statements reflecting future results or outlook, statements of outlook and various accruals and estimates. These statements relate to future events
and our future results and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements are based on managements beliefs as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, management. 

Actual results, performance or achievement could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. The risks and uncertainties to which forward-looking
statements are subject include the following, without limitation: 

changes in general economic, business and political conditions, a recession, intensified or expanded
international hostilities, acts of terrorism, increased rates of inflation or interest, changes in either or both the United States and international lending, capital and financial markets or currency fluctuations; 

the risk that acquired businesses will not be integrated successfully or that the integration will be more costly
or more time-consuming and complex than anticipated; 

the risk that cost savings and synergies anticipated to be realized from acquisitions may not be fully realized
or may take longer to realize than expected or that costs may be greater than anticipated; 

the risks of doing business internationally; 

the effect of legislative initiatives or proposals, statutory changes, governmental or applicable regulations
and/or changes in industry requirements, including privacy, data protection, cybersecurity, cyber resilience and AI laws and regulations; 

our ability to comply with climate change legal and regulatory requirements and to maintain practices that meet
our stakeholders evolving expectations; 

the risks of reduction in revenue from the elimination of existing and potential customers due to consolidation
in, or new laws or regulations affecting, the banking, retail and financial services industries or due to financial failures or other setbacks suffered by firms in those industries; 

changes in the growth rates of the markets for our solutions; 

the amount, declaration and payment of future dividends is at the discretion of our Board of Directors and
depends on, among other things, our investment opportunities, results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, future prospects, and other factors that may be considered relevant by our Board of Directors, including legal and
contractual restrictions; 

the amount and timing of any future share repurchases is subject to, among other things, our share price, our
other investment opportunities and cash requirements, our results of operations and financial condition, our future prospects and other factors that may be considered relevant by our Board of Directors and management; 

failures to adapt our solutions to changes in technology or in the marketplace; 

internal or external security or privacy breaches of our systems, including those relating to unauthorized
access, theft, corruption or loss of personal information and computer viruses and other malware affecting our software or platforms, and the reactions of customers, card associations, government regulators and others to any such events;

the risk that implementation of software, including software updates, for customers or at customer locations or
employee error in monitoring our software and platforms may result in the corruption or loss of data or customer information, interruption of business operations, outages, exposure to liability claims or loss of customers; 

the risk that partners and third parties may fail to satisfy their legal obligations to us;

risks associated with managing pension cost, cybersecurity issues, IT outages experienced by us or by third
parties and data privacy; 

our ability to navigate the opportunities and risks associated with using and/or incorporating AI technologies
into our business; 

the reaction of current and potential customers to communications from us or regulators regarding information
security, risk management, internal audit or other matters; 

5 

competitive pressures on pricing related to the decreasing number of community banks in the U.S., the development
of new disruptive technologies competing with one or more of our solutions, increasing presence of international competitors in the U.S. market and the entry into the market by global banks and global companies with respect to certain competitive
solutions, each of which may have the impact of unbundling individual solutions from a comprehensive suite of solutions we provide to many of our customers; 

the failure to innovate in order to keep up with new emerging technologies, which could impact our solutions and
our ability to attract new, or retain existing, customers; 

an operational or natural disaster at one of our major operations centers; 

failure to comply with applicable requirements of payment networks or changes in those requirements;

fraud by bad actors; and 

other risks detailed elsewhere in the Risk Factors section and other sections of our Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, and in our other filings with the SEC. 

Other unknown or unpredictable factors also could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are inherently subject to uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Except as required
by applicable law or regulation, we do not undertake (and expressly disclaim) any obligation and do not intend to publicly update or review any of these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

For More Information 

Ellyn Raftery, 904.438.6083 George Mihalos, 904.438.6438

Chief Marketing & Communications Officer Senior Vice President

FIS Global Marketing & Corporate Communications FIS Investor Relations

Ellyn.Raftery@fisglobal.com Georgios.Mihalos@fisglobal.com

6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d934755dex992.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.2
<TEXT>
EX-99.2

Exhibit 99.2 FIS Announces Strategic Transactions April 17,
2025

Disclosures Forward-looking Statements Our discussions today, including
this presentation and any comments made by management, contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws. Any statements that refer to future events or circumstances, including our future
strategies or results, or that are not historical facts, are forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, including the risks and uncertainties set
forth in our press release dated April 17, 2025, our annual report on Form 10-K for 2024 and our other filings with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. Non-GAAP Measures This presentation will
reference certain non-GAAP financial information. For a description of non-GAAP measures presented in this document, please visit the Investor Relations section of the FIS website at www.fisglobal.com. 2

Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information This communication
contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws. Statements that are not historical facts, as well as other statements about our expectations, beliefs, intentions, or strategies regarding the
future, or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include statements about anticipated financial outcomes, including any earnings outlook or projections, projected
revenue or expense synergies or dis-synergies, business and market conditions, outlook, foreign currency exchange rates, deleveraging plans, expected dividends and share repurchases of the Company, the Companys sales pipeline and anticipated
profitability and growth, plans, strategies and objectives for future operations, strategic value creation, risk profile and investment strategies, any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance and any statements with respect to
the future impacts of the Worldpay Sale or any agreements or arrangements entered into in connection with such transaction. These statements may be identified by words such as expect, anticipate, intend,
plan, believe, will, should, could, would, project, continue, likely, and similar expressions, and include statements
reflecting future results or outlook, statements of outlook and various accruals and estimates. These statements relate to future events and our future results and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements are based on
managements beliefs as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, management. Actual results, performance or achievement could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. The risks and uncertainties to
which forward-looking statements are subject include the following, without limitation: changes in general economic, business and political conditions, a recession, intensified or expanded international hostilities, acts of terrorism,
increased rates of inflation or interest, changes in either or both the United States and international lending, capital and financial markets or currency fluctuations; the risk that acquired businesses will not be integrated successfully or
that the integration will be more costly or more time-consuming and complex than anticipated; the risk that cost savings and synergies anticipated to be realized from acquisitions may not be fully realized or may take longer to realize than
expected or that costs may be greater than anticipated; the risks of doing business internationally; the effect of legislative initiatives or proposals, statutory changes, governmental or applicable regulations and/or changes in
industry requirements, including privacy, data protection, cybersecurity, cyber resilience and AI laws and regulations; our ability to comply with climate change legal and regulatory requirements and to maintain practices that meet our
stakeholders evolving expectations; the risks of reduction in revenue from the elimination of existing and potential customers due to consolidation in, or new laws or regulations affecting, the banking, retail and financial services
industries or due to financial failures or other setbacks suffered by firms in those industries; changes in the growth rates of the markets for our solutions; the amount, declaration and payment of future dividends is at the
discretion of our Board of Directors and depends on, among other things, our investment opportunities, results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, future prospects, and other factors that may be considered relevant by our Board of
Directors, including legal and contractual restrictions; the amount and timing of any future share repurchases is subject to, among other things, our share price, our other investment opportunities and cash requirements, our results of
operations and financial condition, our future prospects and other factors that may be considered relevant by our Board of Directors and management; failures to adapt our solutions to changes in technology or in the marketplace; 
internal or external security or privacy breaches of our systems, including those relating to unauthorized access, theft, corruption or loss of personal information and computer viruses and other malware affecting our software or platforms, and the
reactions of customers, card associations, government regulators and others to any such events; 3

Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information the risk that
implementation of software, including software updates, for customers or at customer locations or employee error in monitoring our software and platforms may result in the corruption or loss of data or customer information, interruption of business
operations, outages, exposure to liability claims or loss of customers; the risk that partners and third parties may fail to satisfy their legal obligations to us; risks associated with managing pension cost, cybersecurity issues, IT
outages experienced by us or by third parties and data privacy; our ability to navigate the opportunities and risks associated with using and/or incorporating AI technologies into our business; the reaction of current and potential
customers to communications from us or regulators regarding information security, risk management, internal audit or other matters; competitive pressures on pricing related to the decreasing number of community banks in the U.S., the
development of new disruptive technologies competing with one or more of our solutions, increasing presence of international competitors in the U.S. market and the entry into the market by global banks and global companies with respect to certain
competitive solutions, each of which may have the impact of unbundling individual solutions from a comprehensive suite of solutions we provide to many of our customers; the failure to innovate in order to keep up with new emerging
technologies, which could impact our solutions and our ability to attract new, or retain existing, customers; an operational or natural disaster at one of our major operations centers; failure to comply with applicable requirements
of payment networks or changes in those requirements; fraud by bad actors; and other risks detailed elsewhere in the Risk Factors section and other sections of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2024, and in our other filings with the SEC. Other unknown or unpredictable factors also could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Accordingly, readers should not
place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are inherently subject to uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Except as required by applicable law or regulation,
we do not undertake (and expressly disclaim) any obligation and do not intend to publicly update or review any of these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 4

Sale of Worldpay Stake and Strategic Acquisition of Global Payments
Issuer Solutions Business

Key Transaction Highlights Strategic Portfolio Financial Completes
payments Simplifies & strengthens Enhances financial offering with scaled credit business portfolio at profile; recurring revenue, processing capability attractive multiples EBITDA and free cash flow Extends value proposition Replaces Worldpay
EMI Accretive to Adj. EPS in to financial institutions & with strategic and cash first 12 months post corporates generating asset transaction close Advances FIS Position as a Scaled FinTech Leader 6 6

Acquisition Reinforces FIS Long-Term Strategy Strategic
Differentiators Broad Suite of Global A Scaled Distribution & Best-of-breed Technology 3 2 1 Marquee Clients Solutions Leader Creates a $12B+ revenue, Adds critical credit Extends value proposition more diversified, global processing at scale to
for financial institutions and financial technology leader product suite international markets MONEY MONEY MONEY AT REST IN MOTION AT WORK 7

Strengthens Portfolio at Attractive Multiples FIS will sell its minority
stake in Concurrently, FIS will acquire ATTRACTIVE MULTIPLES Worldpay to Global Payments 100% stake in Global Payments 1 ISSUER SOLUTIONS EV / MULTIPLE Issuer Solutions business Enterprise Value of $24.25B, representing sale multiple
of ~10.5x, $13.5B | ~10x Acquisition to be financed with a adjusted for control premium payment combination of debt and FIS 45% $12.0B | ~9x* to GTCR interest in Worldpay *Adjusted for ~$1.5B tax benefit $6.6B of pre-tax value
compared to Transaction to generate annual tax $3.9B of carrying value step-up of ~$185M, representing 2 present value of ~$1.5B in tax assets WORLDPAY EV / MULTIPLE Represents monetization of Worldpay stake at a premium to 9.8x
multiple at Expect to realize $45M revenue and $24.25B | ~10.5x time of majority stake sale $125M OpEx synergies within 3 years post-closing; long-term revenue synergies in excess of $125M FINANCIAL IMPACT 3 Expected to close in 1H 2026
Accretive to Adjusted EPS in first 12 months 1 Multiple represents $12.0B net purchase price (excluding $1.5B of anticipated tax benefits) and expected 2025 synergized EBITDA. 2 Multiple represents implied EV on FIS pre-tax value of $6.6B and
expected 2025 EBITDA. 8 3 Pending satisfaction of customary closing conditions, regulatory approvals, and sale of GTCRs 55% stake in Worldpay to Global Payments. 

Scaled Global Credit Processor MONEY MONEY AT REST IN MOTION Credit
Managed Professional Commercial & Value-added Processing Services Services B2B Services Solutions Enterprise Commercial & Fraud Contact Consulting Tokenization Expense Processing Detection Center & Implementation Authorization &
Rewards Card Fraud Virtual Cards Cardholder Management Production Strategy Payments 40B 170+ 885M+ $28B 75+ Accounts on Annual FI / Corp Dor RAFT at PRe IVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 9 Global TAM Countries File Transactions Partners 9

Scaled High Margin Financial Profile 2024 Metrics, Issuer Solutions
Strong Robust FCF Scaled Durable Margins Generation $2.5B $1.1B 45.1% $0.7B REVENUE ADJ. EBITDA ADJ. EBITDA UNLEVERED FCF MARGIN 10

Holistic Solution Offering for Financial Institutions MONEY MONEY MONEY
AT REST IN MOTION AT WORK Core Credit processor Digital with 885M+ Credit accounts on file Commercial Complete Debit lending Product Suite Well positioned to serve financial Treasury Network institutions Trading & Money Processing movement
11

Unlocking Addressable Market with Large Banks Cross Sell White Space
Total Payments $1.1B $850M $200M Credit + Debit Cap Markets $300M $530M $830M Lending + Trading Banking $450M $250M $200M Core + Network Of the top 150 large banks FIS provides at least one Issuer Solutions
provides at FIS & Issuer Solutions provide product to 50% least one product to 25% at least one product to 60% 12 Cross sell and white space opportunity across top 150 large banks ($m) 

Combination Enhances Operating Scale and Margins PRO FORMA 2024 FIS
Issuer Solutions Combined Inc / (Dec) ($ millions) REVENUE $10,127 $2,460 $12,587 +24% Banking Solutions $6,892 $2,460 $9,352 +36% ADJ. EBITDA $4,136 $1,110 $5,246 +27% Banking Solutions $3,032 $1,110 $4,142 +37% ADJ. EBITDA MARGIN 40.8% 45.1% 41.7%
+0.9ppt Banking Solutions 44.0% 45.1% 44.3% +0.3ppt 13

Strengthens Banking Financial Profile PRO FORMA 2024 Banking Issuer
Solutions Combined Inc / (Dec) ($ millions) REVENUE $6,892 $2,460 $9,352 +36% Adj. Rev Growth % 2.2% 3.6% 2.6% +0.4ppt RECURRING $5,752 ~$2,086 ~$7,838 ~+36% Recurring % of Total 83% ~85% ~84% ADJ. EBITDA $3,032 $1,110 $4,142 +37% Adj. EBITDA Growth
% 4.3% 5.2% 4.5% +0.2ppt ADJ. EBITDA MARGIN 44.0% 45.1% 44.3% +0.3ppt PP Change B/(W) +90bps +70 bps +80 bps 14

Targeting Over $150M of Adj. EBITDA Synergies by Year 3 REVENUE COST
SYNERGIES SYNERGIES Incremental $45M $125M Adj. EBITDA 4%+ Revenue Growth Expanding Adj. EBITDA Margins >$125M L-T Synergies by Year 3 Extending Credit Processing Rationalize Duplicate into FIS Client Base Vendor Costs >$150M Expanding
Internationally Back Office Optimization Offering Premium Payback Consolidate Operations to Issuer Solutions Clients * Synergies build over three year period. Assumes approximately 60% Adj. EBITDA margin on revenue synergies. Shown net of
incremental FIS 15 corporate expenses to support Issuer Solutions business.

Fortifies Growth & Scale, Boosting Margins & FCF (1) Key
Assumptions 4% Adj. revenue growth for Issuer Solutions Durable revenue growth Modestly accelerating with synergy ~$1.2B contribution in first 12 months Boosts EBITDA margin 2 Synergies of >$150M by year 3
Favorable long-term tax rate Effective tax rate of ~13.5% post close Accretive in first 12 months Accretive to Adj. EPS Accretive vs. consensus 2026 EPS of $6.26 >$500M in first 12 months Significantly higher FCF
>$700M incremental by year 3 1 Assumes 3/31/26 close. 2 Synergies build over three year period. Assumes approximately 60% Adj. EBITDA margin on revenue synergies. Shown net of incremental FIS corporate expenses to 16 support Issuer
Solutions business.

Capital Allocation Priorities Unchanged Until Deal Close; Quickly
De-Lever to Maintain Investment Grade Investment Ongoing Dividend M&A/Share Grade Rating Growth Repurchases Capital allocation priorities Strong balance sheet Competitive dividend yield remain unchanged until deal remains a differentiator with
compared to peers and S&P closes; M&A $1B and share clients 500 Index repurchases of $1.2B in 2025 Committed to returning to Targeting annual dividend per 2.8x leverage within 18 share growth aligned to Adj. Temporary pause upon close months
post close EPS growth to prioritize debt reduction; resume once 2.8x leverage target is achieved 17

Preliminary 1Q 2025 Results - Strong Start to 2025 METRICS 1Q 2025 1Q
2025 ($ millions, except per share data) Outlook Preliminary Results Operational Highlights Total company recurring REVENUE $2,485 - $2,510 $2,532 revenue growth of 4% ADJ. REVENUE GROWTH 2.5% - 3.5% 4% Banking recurring Banking 0.5%
- 1.5% 2% revenue growth of 3% Capital Markets 7.0% - 8.0% 9% Capital Markets recurring revenue growth of 6% ADJ. EBITDA $940 - $960 $958 Adj. EBITDA & Adj. EPS Adj. EBITDA Margin 37.8% - 38.2% ~37.8% both toward high-end of
outlook range ADJ. EPS $1.17 - $1.22 $1.21 Reaffirming FY 2025 Outlook 18

Key Transaction Highlights Strategic Financial Creates a $12B+ revenue,
more Transaction is accretive to Adjusted diversified global financial EBITDA margins, Adjusted EPS and technology leader Free Cash Flow Adds critical credit processing at Strengthens banking financial profile, scale to payments and banking unlocks
revenue synergies and adds product suite durable recurring revenue Extends value proposition into Replaces non-cash EMI with growing financial institutions and stream of recurring revenue and cash international markets flows Advances FIS
Position as a Scaled FinTech Leader 19 19

Appendix

Worldpay EV to FIS Net Value Reconciliation ($ billions) Worldpay
Enterprise Value $ 24.25) Net Debt & Debt-Like Items (7.2) Equity Value 17.0) Transaction Fees and Other Costs (0.6) Distribution Value 16.4) FIS 45% Ownership 7.4) Control Premium to GTCR (0.8) Pre-Tax Value 6.6) Total Taxes (0.9) Net Value $
5.7 21 *May not sum due to rounding
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>fis-20250417.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>fis-20250417_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>fis-20250417_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Document And Entity Information [Table] 
Document And Entity Information [Table] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 
Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Class of Stock [Axis] 
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class of Stock [Domain] 
Class of Stock [Domain] 

Common Stock Par Value 001 Per Share [Member] 
Common Stock Par Value 001 Per Share [Member] 

Point Six Two Five Percent Euro Senior Notes Due December 2025 [Member] 
Point Six Two Five Percent Euro Senior Notes Due December 2025 [Member] 

One Point Five Percent Euro Senior Notes Due May 2027 [Member] 
One Point Five Percent Euro Senior Notes Due May 2027 [Member] 

One Point Zero Percent Euro Senior Notes Due December 2028 [Member] 
One Point Zero Percent Euro Senior Notes Due December 2028 [Member] 

Two Point Two Five Percent Sterling Senior Notes Due December 2029 [Member] 
Two Point Two Five Percent Sterling Senior Notes Due December 2029 [Member] 

Two Point Zero Percent Euro Senior Notes Due May 2030 [Member] 
Two Point Zero Percent Euro Senior Notes Due May 2030 [Member] 

Three Point Three Six Percent Sterling Senior Notes Due May 2031 [Member] 
Three Point Three Six Percent Sterling Senior Notes Due May 2031 [Member] 

Two Point Nine Five Percent Euro Senior Notes Due May 2039 [Member] 
Two Point Nine Five Percent Euro Senior Notes Due May 2039 [Member]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>fis-20250417_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>g934755ex99_2p10g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>g934755ex99_2p11g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>g934755ex99_2p12g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>g934755ex99_2p13g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>g934755ex99_2p14g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>g934755ex99_2p15g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>g934755ex99_2p16g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>g934755ex99_2p17g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>g934755ex99_2p18g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>g934755ex99_2p19g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>g934755ex99_2p1g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>g934755ex99_2p20g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>g934755ex99_2p21g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>g934755ex99_2p2g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>g934755ex99_2p3g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>g934755ex99_2p4g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>g934755ex99_2p5g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>g934755ex99_2p6g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>g934755ex99_2p7g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>g934755ex99_2p8g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>g934755ex99_2p9g1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>g934755g0417151739677.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Apr. 17, 2025

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001136893

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Apr. 17, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code GA

Entity File Number 1-16427

Entity Tax Identification Number 37-1490331

Entity Address, Address Line One 347 Riverside Avenue

Entity Address, City or Town Jacksonville

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 32202

City Area Code (904)

Local Phone Number 438-6000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock Par Value 001 Per Share [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share

Trading Symbol FIS

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Point Six Two Five Percent Euro Senior Notes Due December 2025 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 0.625% Senior Notes due 2025

Trading Symbol FIS25B

Security Exchange Name NYSE

One Point Five Percent Euro Senior Notes Due May 2027 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 1.500% Senior Notes due 2027

Trading Symbol FIS27

Security Exchange Name NYSE

One Point Zero Percent Euro Senior Notes Due December 2028 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 1.000% Senior Notes due 2028

Trading Symbol FIS28

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Two Point Two Five Percent Sterling Senior Notes Due December 2029 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 2.250% Senior Notes due 2029

Trading Symbol FIS29

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Two Point Zero Percent Euro Senior Notes Due May 2030 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 2.000% Senior Notes due 2030

Trading Symbol FIS30

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Three Point Three Six Percent Sterling Senior Notes Due May 2031 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 3.360% Senior Notes due 2031

Trading Symbol FIS31

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Two Point Nine Five Percent Euro Senior Notes Due May 2039 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 2.950% Senior Notes due 2039

Trading Symbol FIS39

Security Exchange Name NYSE

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: fis_DocumentAndEntityInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: fis_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=fis_CommonStockParValue001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=fis_PointSixTwoFivePercentEuroSeniorNotesDueDecember2025Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=fis_OnePointFivePercentEuroSeniorNotesDueMay2027Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=fis_OnePointZeroPercentEuroSeniorNotesDueDecember2028Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=fis_TwoPointTwoFivePercentSterlingSeniorNotesDueDecember2029Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=fis_TwoPointZeroPercentEuroSeniorNotesDueMay2030Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=fis_ThreePointThreeSixPercentSterlingSeniorNotesDueMay2031Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=fis_TwoPointNineFivePercentEuroSeniorNotesDueMay2039Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>36
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
9 
22 
1 
false 
8 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.fisglobal.com//20250417/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d934755d8k.htm 
fis-20250417.xsd 
fis-20250417_def.xml 
fis-20250417_lab.xml 
fis-20250417_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>38
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>39
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-083595-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>40
<FILENAME>d934755d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001136893 

2025-04-17 
2025-04-17 

0001136893 

fis:CommonStockParValue001PerShareMember 

2025-04-17 
2025-04-17 

0001136893 

fis:PointSixTwoFivePercentEuroSeniorNotesDueDecember2025Member 

2025-04-17 
2025-04-17 

0001136893 

fis:OnePointFivePercentEuroSeniorNotesDueMay2027Member 

2025-04-17 
2025-04-17 

0001136893 

fis:OnePointZeroPercentEuroSeniorNotesDueDecember2028Member 

2025-04-17 
2025-04-17 

0001136893 

fis:TwoPointTwoFivePercentSterlingSeniorNotesDueDecember2029Member 

2025-04-17 
2025-04-17 

0001136893 

fis:TwoPointZeroPercentEuroSeniorNotesDueMay2030Member 

2025-04-17 
2025-04-17 

0001136893 

fis:ThreePointThreeSixPercentSterlingSeniorNotesDueMay2031Member 

2025-04-17 
2025-04-17 

0001136893 

fis:TwoPointNineFivePercentEuroSeniorNotesDueMay2039Member 

2025-04-17 
2025-04-17 

false 
0001136893 
8-K 
2025-04-17 
Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. 
GA 
1-16427 
37-1490331 
347 Riverside Avenue 
Jacksonville 
FL 
32202 
(904) 
438-6000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share 
FIS 
NYSE 
0.625% Senior Notes due 2025 
FIS25B 
NYSE 
1.500% Senior Notes due 2027 
FIS27 
NYSE 
1.000% Senior Notes due 2028 
FIS28 
NYSE 
2.250% Senior Notes due 2029 
FIS29 
NYSE 
2.000% Senior Notes due 2030 
FIS30 
NYSE 
3.360% Senior Notes due 2031 
FIS31 
NYSE 
2.950% Senior Notes due 2039 
FIS39 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>