<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-029947.txt : 20250331
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-029947.hdr.sgml : 20250331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250331165128
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-029947
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		22
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250331
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Datavault AI Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001682149
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		EIN:				301135279
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38608
		FILM NUMBER:		25794370

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15268 NW GREENBRIER PKWY
		CITY:			BEAVERTON
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97006
		BUSINESS PHONE:		408-627-4716

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15268 NW GREENBRIER PKWY
		CITY:			BEAVERTON
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97006

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WISA TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20220311

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Summit Wireless Technologies, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180914

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Summit Semiconductor Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180501
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2510880d2_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000168214900016821492025-03-312025-03-31iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (date of earliest event
reported): March 31, 2025

Datavault AI Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Delaware 001-38608 30-1135279

(State of 

incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

15268 NW Greenbrier Pkwy,

Beaverton, OR 97006

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(408)-627-4716

(Registrants telephone
number, including area code)

Not Applicable

(Former Name or former address if changed from last report.)

Check the
appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of
the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which

registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share DVLT The Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (
230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry Into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Securities Purchase Agreement 

On March 31, 2025, Datavault AI Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with certain institutional investors (the Purchasers),
pursuant to which the Purchasers agreed to purchase from the Company (a) in a registered direct offering, senior secured convertible
notes having an aggregate principal amount of $5,555,555 (the Initial Notes) for an aggregate purchase price of $5,000,000
and senior secured convertible notes having an aggregate principal amount of $11,111,111 (the Additional Notes, and together
with the Initial Notes, the Notes) for an aggregate purchase price of $10,000,000 upon satisfaction of certain closing conditions
applicable to the Initial Notes and Additional Notes, respectively and (b) in a concurrent private placement, common stock purchase
warrants (Warrants) to purchase up to 19,346,101 shares of common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (Common
Stock), of which Warrants to purchase up to 6,448,700 shares of Common Stock will be issued in connection with the issuance of
the Initial Notes (the Initial Warrants) and Warrants to purchase up to 12,897,401 shares of Common Stock will be issued
in connection with the issuance of the Additional Notes (the Additional Warrants).

The closing of Initial Notes and Initial Warrants (the Initial
Closing) will take place upon satisfaction of certain customary closing conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement and is expected
to occur on or about April 1, 2025. The closing of the Additional Notes and Additional Warrants (the Additional Closing,
and together with the Initial Closing, the Closings) will take place on or after the date that is 20 days after the mailing
by the Company of a definitive information statement on Schedule 14(c) with respect to the approval, by written consent of the Companys
stockholders, of the issuance of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes and exercise of the Warrants and a one-time
reset, at the Companys option, of the exercise price of outstanding common stock purchase warrants held by the Purchasers that
do not contain alternative cashless exercise features (the Stockholder Approval).

Obligations Under the Purchase Agreement

Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to file a registration
statement (the Resale Registration Statement) registering the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants
within 15 days upon receipt of written request by the Purchasers and use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such Resale Registration
Statement to become effective within 45 days following receipt of such written request

Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed, subject
to certain exceptions, (i) not to offer for sale, issue, sell, contract to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of any of shares of
Common Stock or securities convertible into shares of Common Stock until 45 days after the date of each Closing, and (ii) not to
issue certain securities if the issuance would constitute a Variable Rate Transaction (as such term is defined in the Purchase Agreement)
until no Purchasers holds any Notes.

Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, until the date that is 18 months
after the date on which the Notes are no longer outstanding, the Purchasers have the right, but not the obligation, to participate in
any issuance by the Company of any debt, preferred stock, shares of Common Stock or securities convertible into shares of Common Stock
(a Subsequent Financing) up to a maximum of 65% of such Subsequent Financing on the same terms, conditions and price provided
to other investors in such Subsequent Financing.

Notes

The Notes carry a 10% original issue discount, and mature 18 months
from the date of issuance. No interest accrues during the term of the Notes, unless an event of default occurs, in which case interest
will accrue at a rate of 12% per annum. The obligations under these Notes rank senior to all other existing indebtedness and equity of
the Company. The Notes are convertible at any time beginning on the date of Stockholder Approval at the option of the holders thereof,
in whole or in part, into such number of shares of Common Stock (the Conversion Shares) at an initial conversion price equal
to $1.00 per share (the Conversion Price). Alternatively, the Notes are convertible at a price (the Alternate Conversion
Price) equal to the greater of (x) the Floor Price (as defined below) and (y) 90% of the lowest volume weighted adjusted
price of the shares of Common Stock (the VWAP) in the ten (10) trading days prior to the applicable conversion date
(Alternate Conversions).

The conversion price of the Notes is subject to a floor price of $0.1794
(the Floor Price).

In the event the Alternate Conversion Price would be lower than
the Floor Price, the Company is required to compensate the holders of the Notes by adding an amount (the Alternate Conversion Floor
Amount) to the then outstanding principal of the Notes equal to the product obtained by multiplying (A) the VWAP on the day
the holder delivers the applicable conversion notice and (B) the difference obtained by subtracting (I) the number of shares
of Common Stock delivered (or to be delivered) to the holder on the applicable share delivery date with respect to such Alternate Conversion
from (II) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the applicable conversion amount that the holder has elected to be the subject
of the applicable Alternate Conversion, by (y) the applicable Alternate Conversion Price without being limited by the Floor Price.
In the event the Company receives notification from Nasdaq objecting to such addition to the then outstanding principal of the Notes in
whole or in part, then the applicable portion of the Alternate Conversion Floor Amount so objected to must be paid by the Company to the
holders in cash.

Under the Notes, the Company is required to use up to 30% of the proceeds
from future financings to redeem the Notes in an amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of the Notes being redeemed from such
proceeds multiplied by 105%.

The Notes contain 4.99/9.99% beneficial ownership limitations and customary
provisions regarding events of defaults and negative covenants.

Warrants

The Warrants will have an initial exercise price of $0.8615 per share.
The Initial Warrants will be exercisable upon effectiveness of Stockholder Approval and expire five (5) years from the date of such
effectiveness. The Additional Warrants will be issued in the Additional Closing, exercisable immediately upon issuance and expire five
(5) years from the date of issuance. The exercise price of the Warrants is subject to (a) downward adjustment in the event the
Company issues shares of common stock or common stock equivalents having an effective price lower than the then current exercise price
of the Warrants, subject to certain exceptions and (b) standard, proportional adjustments in the event of certain events, such as
stock splits, combinations, dividends, distributions, reclassifications, mergers or other corporate changes.

The Warrants contain 4.99/9.99% beneficial ownership limitations.

Security Agreement and Guarantee

In connection with the registered direct offering and concurrent private
placement (the Offerings), the Company agreed to forms of documents to be executed at the Initial Closing, consisting of
(i) a security agreement (the Security Agreement), which will grant to the holders of the Notes a security interest
in all of the assets of the Company, and (ii) a subsidiary guarantee (the Subsidiary Guarantee), pursuant to which
all domestic subsidiaries of the Company will guarantee the Companys obligations under the Notes.

Placement Agency Agreement

In connection with the Offerings, on March 31, 2025, the Company
entered into a placement agency agreement (the Placement Agency Agreement) with Maxim Group LLC (the Placement Agent),
pursuant to which the Placement Agent agreed to act as placement agent on a reasonable best efforts basis in connection
with the Offerings. Pursuant to the Placement Agency Agreement, the Company agreed to pay the Placement Agent an aggregate fee equal to
8.0% of the gross proceeds raised in the Offerings and reimburse the Placement Agent an amount up to $15,000 for expenses in connection
with the Offering.

In addition to similar rights previously granted to the Placement Agent,
pursuant to the Placement Agency Agreement, the Company granted the Placement Agent a right of first refusal for a period of 30 days from
August 22, 2025 to provide investment banking services to the Company on an exclusive basis, exercisable in the Placement Agents
discretion.

Under the Placement Agency Agreement, for a period of nine (9) months
from the Initial Closing, the Company will pay the Placement Agent a cash fee equal to 7.0% of the gross proceeds of any capital raising
activity received by the Company from the Purchasers in the Offerings.

The foregoing does not purport to be a complete description of each
of the Purchase Agreement, the Notes, the Warrants, the Security Agreement, the Subsidiary Guarantee and the Placement Agency Agreement,
and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of each of such document, which are filed as exhibits to this Current Report
on Form 8-K (this Form 8-K) and incorporated herein by reference.

Sullivan & Worcester LLP, counsel to the Company, delivered
an opinion as to the validity of Conversion Shares and the enforceability of the Notes, a copy of which is attached to this Form 8-K
as Exhibit 5.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.03 Creation of Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation
under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information under Items 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K
is incorporated by reference in this Item 2.03.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities.

The information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K
is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02. The Warrants and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise therefor to be offered
and sold pursuant to the Purchase Agreement will be offered and sold pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements under
Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) and/or Rule 506 of Regulation
D promulgated thereunder.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

4.1 Form of Senior Secured Promissory Note.

4.2 Form of Warrant.

5.1 Opinion of Sullivan & Worcester LLP, dated March 31, 2025.

10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement.

10.2 Form of Security Agreement

10.3 Form of Subsidiary Guarantee 

10.4 Placement Agency Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2025, by and between Datavault AI Inc. and Maxim Group LLC, as placement agent.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

DATAVAULT AI INC.

Date: March 31, 2025 By: /s/ Brett Moyer

Name: Brett Moyer

Title: Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm2510880d2_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

ANY TRANSFEREE OF THIS NOTE SHOULD CAREFULLY
REVIEW THE TERMS OF THIS NOTE. THE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT REPRESENTED BY THIS NOTE AND, ACCORDINGLY, THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION
HEREOF MAY BE LESS THAN THE AMOUNTS SET FORTH ON THE FACE HEREOF PURSUANT TO SECTION 4(a) OF THIS NOTE.

THIS NOTE HAS BEEN ISSUED WITH ORIGINAL ISSUE
DISCOUNT. PURSUANT TO TREASURY REGULATION 1.1275-3(b)(1), [], A REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COMPANY HEREOF WILL, BEGINNING TEN
DAYS AFTER THE ISSUANCE DATE OF THIS NOTE, PROMPTLY MAKE AVAILABLE TO THE HOLDER UPON REQUEST THE INFORMATION DESCRIBED IN TREASURY REGULATION
1.1275-3(b)(1)(i). [], MAY BE REACHED AT TELEPHONE NUMBER [].

Original Issue Date: [], 2025

$[]

SENIOR
SECURED CONVERTIBLE Note DUE [], 20261

THIS
SENIOR SECURED CONVERTIBLE NOTE is one of a series of duly authorized and validly issued Senior Secured Convertible Notes of Datavault
AI Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), having its principal place of business at 15268 NW Greenbrier Pkwy,
Beaverton, Oregon 97006, designated as its Senior Secured Convertible Note due [], 20262
(this note, the Note and, collectively with the other notes of such series, the Notes)
and is issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (as defined below).

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the Company
promises to pay to [] or its registered assigns (the Holder), or shall have paid pursuant to the terms hereunder,
the principal sum of up to $[] on [], 20263 (the Maturity
Date) or such earlier date as this Note is required or permitted to be repaid as provided hereunder, and to pay any interest
to the Holder on the aggregate unconverted and then outstanding principal amount of this Note in accordance with the provisions hereof.
This Note is subject to the following additional provisions:

Section 1.Definitions.
For the purposes hereof, in addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Note, (a) capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein
shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement or the Warrant, as applicable, and (b) the following terms shall have
the following meanings:

Alternate
Conversion Floor Amount means an amount in cash to be added to the outstanding principal of this Note, equal to the product
obtained by multiplying (A) the VWAP on the day the Holder delivers the applicable Conversion Notice and (B) the difference
obtained by subtracting (I) the number of shares of Common Stock delivered (or to be delivered) to the Holder on the applicable
Share Delivery Date with respect to such Alternate Conversion from (II) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the applicable
Conversion Amount that the Holder has elected to be the subject of the applicable Alternate Conversion, by (y) the applicable Alternate
Conversion Price without giving effect to clause (x) of such definition.

1 To be the date that is the eighteen (18) month anniversary
of the Original Issue Date, provided that, if such date is not a Trading Day, to be the immediately following Trading Day.

2 To be the date that is the eighteen (18) month anniversary
of the Original Issue Date, provided that, if such date is not a Trading Day, to be the immediately following Trading Day.

3 To be the date that is the eighteen (18) month anniversary
of the Original Issue Date, provided that, if such date is not a Trading Day, to be the immediately following Trading Day.

Asset
Transaction shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(h).

Bankruptcy
Event means any of the following events: (a) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof commences a case or other proceeding
under any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debt, relief of debtors, dissolution, insolvency or liquidation or similar
law of any jurisdiction relating to the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, (b) there is commenced against the Company or any Subsidiary
thereof any such case or proceeding that is not dismissed within 60 days after commencement, (c) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof
is adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt or any order of relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding is entered, (d) the
Company or any Subsidiary thereof suffers any appointment of any custodian or the like for it or any substantial part of its property
that is not discharged or stayed within 60 calendar days after such appointment, (e) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof makes
a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (f) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof calls a meeting of its creditors with
a view to arranging a composition, adjustment or restructuring of its debts, (g) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof admits in
writing that it is generally unable to pay its debts as they become due, (h) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, by any act or
failure to act, expressly indicates its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any of the foregoing or takes any corporate or other
action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing.

Beneficial
Ownership Limitation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(d).

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized
or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee 
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally
are open for use by customers on such day.

Change
of Control Transaction means the occurrence after the date hereof of any of (a) an acquisition after the date hereof
by an individual or legal entity or group (as described in Rule 13d-5(b)(1) promulgated under the Exchange Act)
of effective control (whether through legal or beneficial ownership of capital stock of the Company, by contract or otherwise) of in
excess of 50% of the voting power of the Company (other than by means of conversion of the Notes and the Securities or exercise of the
Warrants issued together with the Notes), (b) the Company merges into or consolidates with any other Person, or any Person merges
into or consolidates with the Company and, after giving effect to such transaction, the stockholders of the Company immediately prior
to such transaction own less than 67% of the aggregate voting power of the Company or the successor entity of such transaction, (c) the
Company (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole) sells or transfers all or substantially all of its assets to another Person,
(d) a replacement at one time or within a one year period of more than one-half of the members of the Board of Directors which is
not approved by a majority of those individuals who are members of the Board of Directors on the Original Issue Date (or by those individuals
who are serving as members of the Board of Directors on any date whose nomination to the Board of Directors was approved by a majority
of the members of the Board of Directors who are members on the date hereof), or (e) the execution by the Company of an agreement
to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound, providing for any of the events set forth in clauses (a) through (d) above.

2

Collateral
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Security Agreement.

Conversion
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a).

Conversion
Floor Price Condition means that the relevant Alternate Conversion Price is being determined based on clause (x) of such
definition.

Conversion
Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(b).

Conversion
Shares means, collectively, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note in accordance with the terms
hereof.

Delaware
Courts shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(d).

Disqualified
Stock shall mean, with respect to any person, any equity interests of such person that, by its terms (or by the terms of any
security or other equity interests into which it is convertible or exerciseable or for which it is exchangeable) or upon the happening
of any event or condition (a) matures or is mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, (b) is
redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part, (c) provides for the scheduled payments of dividends in cash,
or (d) is or becomes convertible or exercisable into or exchangeable for Indebtedness or any other equity interests that would constitute
Disqualified Stock.

Equity
Conditions means, during the applicable period, (a) the Company shall have duly honored all conversions and redemptions
scheduled to occur or occurring by virtue of one or more Notices of Conversion of the Holder, if any, (b) the Company shall have
paid all liquidated damages and other amounts owing to the Holder in respect of this Note, (c) the Conversion Shares are Freely
Tradeable, as confirmed in the reasonable opinion of counsel to the Company, (d) the Common Stock is trading on a Trading Market
and all of the shares issuable pursuant to the Transaction Documents are listed or quoted for trading on such Trading Market (and the
Company believes, in good faith, that trading of the Common Stock on a Trading Market will continue uninterrupted for the foreseeable
future), (e) there is a sufficient number of authorized but unissued and otherwise unreserved shares of Common Stock for the issuance
of all of the shares then issuable pursuant to the Transaction Documents, (f) there is no existing Event of Default and no existing
event which, with the passage of time or the giving of notice, would constitute an Event of Default, (g) there has been no public
announcement of a pending or proposed Fundamental Transaction or Change of Control Transaction that has not been consummated (other than
with respect to the Asset Transaction), and (h) the applicable Holder is not in possession of any information provided by the Company,
any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their officers, directors, employees, agents or Affiliates, that constitutes, or may constitute, material
non-public information.

3

Event
of Default shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8(a).

Floor
Price means $[]4 per share.

Freely
Tradeable means with respect to any shares of Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to this Note, that (A) such shares
are (or, when issued, will be) issued by the Company pursuant to an effective registration statement and would not constitute restricted
securities within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act and without any requirement for registration under any
state securities or blue sky laws; (B) such shares are (or, when issued, will be) (i) represented by book-entries
at DTC and identified therein by an unrestricted CUSIP number; (ii) not represented by any certificate that bears
a legend referring to transfer restrictions under the Securities Act or other securities laws; and (iii) listed and admitted for
trading, without suspension or material limitation on trading, on a Trading Market; and (C) no delisting or suspension by such Trading
Market is pending or has been threatened (with a reasonable prospect of delisting occurring after giving effect to all applicable notice,
appeal, compliance and hearing periods) or reasonably likely to occur or pending as evidenced by a writing by such Trading Market.

Indebtedness
of a Person shall include (a) all obligations for borrowed money or the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding
trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (b) all obligations evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes,
or other similar instruments and all reimbursement or other obligations in respect of letters of credit, surety bonds, bankers acceptances,
current swap agreements, interest rate hedging agreements, interest rate swaps or other financial products, (c) all capital lease
obligations (as determined in accordance with GAAP), (d) all obligations or liabilities secured by a Lien on any asset of such Person,
irrespective of whether such obligation or liability is assumed by such Person, (e) any obligation arising with respect to any other
transaction that is the functional equivalent of borrowing but which does not constitute a liability on the balance sheets of such Person,
(f) Disqualified Stock, and (g) any obligation guaranteeing or intended to guarantee (whether directly or indirectly guaranteed,
endorsed, co-made, discounted or sold with recourse) any of the foregoing obligations of any other Person.

4 To be equal to 20% of the Nasdaq Minimum Price.

4

Interest
Accrual Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8(b).

Interest
Payment Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Investments
means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect acquisition or investment by such Person, whether by means of (a) the purchase or
other acquisition (including by merger) of equity interests of another Person, (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution to, guarantee
or assumption of debt of, or purchase or other acquisition of any other debt or interest in, another Person, or (c) the purchase
or other acquisition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of assets of another Person that constitute a business unit or
all or a substantial part of the business of, such Person.

Late
Fees shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(c).

Mandatory
Default Amount means the sum of (a) the greater of (i) the outstanding principal amount of this Note, plus all accrued
and unpaid interest hereon, divided by the Conversion Price on the date the Mandatory Default Amount is either (A) demanded (if
demand or notice is required to create an Event of Default) or otherwise due or (B) paid in full, whichever has a lower Conversion
Price, multiplied by the VWAP on the date the Mandatory Default Amount is either (x) demanded or otherwise due or (y) paid
in full, whichever has a higher VWAP, or (ii) 115% of the outstanding principal amount of this Note, plus 100% of accrued and unpaid
interest hereon, and (b) all other amounts, costs, expenses and liquidated damages due in respect of this Note.

Note
Register shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(b).

Notice
of Conversion shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a).

Original
Issue Date means the date of the first issuance of the Notes, regardless of any transfers of any Note and regardless of the
number of instruments which may be issued to evidence such Notes.

Permitted
Indebtedness means (a) the Indebtedness evidenced by the Notes, (b) the Indebtedness existing on the Original Issue
Date and disclosed to the Holder prior to the date hereof, (c) lease obligations and purchase money indebtedness of up to $200,000,
in the aggregate, incurred in connection with the acquisition of capital assets and lease obligations with respect to newly acquired
or leased assets, (d) other unsecured Indebtedness not exceeding $200,000 in aggregate principal amount outstanding, and (e) Indebtedness
that (1) is expressly subordinate to the Notes pursuant to a written subordination agreement with the Purchasers that is acceptable
to each Purchaser in its sole and absolute discretion and (2) matures at a date later than the 91st day following the
Maturity Date.

5

Permitted
Lien means the individual and collective reference to the following: (a) Liens for taxes, assessments and other governmental
charges or levies not yet due or Liens for taxes, assessments and other governmental charges or levies being contested in good faith
and by appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves (in the good faith judgment of the management of the Company) have been established
in accordance with GAAP, (b) Liens imposed by law which were incurred in the ordinary course of the Companys business, such
as carriers, warehousemens and mechanics Liens, statutory landlords Liens, and other similar Liens arising
in the ordinary course of the Companys business, and which (x) do not individually or in the aggregate materially detract
from the value of such property or assets or materially impair the use thereof in the operation of the business of the Company and its
consolidated Subsidiaries or (y) are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, which proceedings have the effect
of preventing for the foreseeable future the forfeiture or sale of the property or asset subject to such Lien, (c) Liens incurred
in connection with Permitted Indebtedness under clauses (a) and (b) thereunder, (d) Liens incurred in connection with
Permitted Indebtedness under clause (c) thereunder, provided that such Liens are not secured by assets of the Company or its Subsidiaries
other than the assets so acquired or leased, (e) easements, rights of way, restrictions, minor defects or irregularities in title
and other similar Liens, in each case, not interfering in any material respect with the ordinary conduct of the Companys business,
and (f) Liens existing on the date hereof and disclosed to the Holder prior to the date hereof.

Purchase
Agreement means the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of March [31], 2025, among the Company and the original Holders,
as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms.

Share
Delivery Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(c)(ii).

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York
Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Section 2.Payments.

(a) Payment
of Interest. Subject to the provisions of Section 8(b) hereof, this Note shall initially bear no interest. Except as otherwise
set forth in this Note, any interest payable on this Note shall be payable on the Maturity Date (the Interest Payment Date)
(if the Interest Payment Date is not a Business Day, then the payment shall be due on the next succeeding Business Day), in cash.

(b) Interest
Calculations. Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed, and shall accrue
daily commencing on the Interest Accrual Date until payment in full of the outstanding principal, together with all accrued and unpaid
interest, liquidated damages and other amounts which may become due hereunder, has been made. Interest hereunder will be paid to the
Person in whose name this Note is registered on the records of the Company regarding registration and transfers of this Note (the Note
Register).

6

(c) Late
Fee. All overdue accrued and unpaid interest to be paid hereunder shall entail a late fee at an interest rate equal to the lesser
of 18.0% per annum or the maximum rate permitted by applicable law (the Late Fees) which shall accrue daily from
the date such interest is due hereunder through and including the date of actual payment in full.

Section 3.Registration
of Transfers and Exchanges.

(a) Different
Denominations. This Note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate principal amount of Notes of different authorized denominations,
as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. No service charge will be payable for such registration of transfer or exchange.

(b) Investment
Representations. This Note has been issued subject to certain investment representations of the original Holder set forth in the
Purchase Agreement and may be transferred or exchanged only in compliance with the Purchase Agreement and applicable federal and state
securities laws and regulations.

(c) Reliance
on Note Register. Prior to due presentment for transfer to the Company of this Note, the Company and any agent of the Company may
treat the Person in whose name this Note is duly registered on the Note Register as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment
as herein provided and for all other purposes, whether or not this Note is overdue, and neither the Company nor any such agent shall
be affected by notice to the contrary.

Section 4.Conversion.

(a) Voluntary
Conversion. At any time after the Stockholder Approval Date until this Note is no longer outstanding, this Note shall be convertible,
in whole or in part, into shares of Common Stock at the option of the Holder, at any time and from time to time (subject to the conversion
limitations set forth in Section 4(d)). The Holder shall effect conversions by delivering to the Company a Notice of Conversion,
the form of which is attached hereto as Annex A (each, a Notice of Conversion), specifying therein the principal
amount of this Note to be converted and the date on which such conversion shall be effected (such date, the Conversion Date).
If no Conversion Date is specified in a Notice of Conversion, the Conversion Date shall be the date that such Notice of Conversion is
deemed delivered hereunder. No ink-original Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type
of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Conversion form be required. To effect conversions hereunder, the Holder shall not be
required to physically surrender this Note to the Company unless the entire principal amount of this Note, plus all accrued and unpaid
interest thereon, has been so converted in which case the Holder shall surrender this Note as promptly as is reasonably practicable after
such conversion without delaying the Companys obligation to deliver the shares on the Share Delivery Date. Conversions hereunder
shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding principal amount of this Note in an amount equal to the applicable conversion. The
Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the principal amount(s) converted and the date of such conversion(s). The
Company may deliver an objection to any Notice of Conversion within one (1) Business Day of delivery of such Notice of Conversion.
In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, the records of the Holder shall be controlling and determinative in the absence of manifest
error. The Holder, and any assignee by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph,
following conversion of a portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted principal amount of this Note may be less than the amount
stated on the face hereof.

7

(b) Conversion
Price. The conversion price in effect on any Conversion Date shall be equal to $[]5, subject to adjustment as
provided herein (the Conversion Price); provided, that the Conversion Price will at no time be lower
than the Floor Price.

(c) Mechanics
of Conversion.

(i) Conversion
Shares Issuable Upon Conversion of Principal Amount. The number of Conversion Shares issuable upon a conversion hereunder shall be
determined by the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the outstanding principal amount of this Note to be converted (the Conversion
Amount) by (y) the Conversion Price.

(ii) Delivery
of Conversion Shares Upon Conversion. Not later than the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of
Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below) after each Conversion Date (the Share Delivery Date),
the Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Holder (A) the Conversion Shares which shall be free of restrictive
legends and trading restrictions (other than those which may then be required by the Purchase Agreement) representing the number of Conversion
Shares being acquired upon the conversion of this Note and (B) a certified check (or wire transfer) in the amount of accrued and
unpaid interest. The Company shall deliver any Conversion Shares required to be delivered by the Company under this Section 4(c) electronically
through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions. As used herein, Standard
Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary
Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Conversion.

(iii) Failure
to Deliver Conversion Shares. If, in the case of any Notice of Conversion, such Conversion Shares are not delivered to or as directed
by the applicable Holder by the Share Delivery Date, the Holder shall be entitled to elect by written notice to the Company at any time
on or before its receipt of such Conversion Shares, to rescind such conversion, in which event the Company shall promptly return to the
Holder any original Note delivered to the Company and the Holder shall promptly return to the Company the Conversion Shares issued to
such Holder pursuant to the rescinded Conversion Notice.

5 To be equal to the higher of (i) 110% of the VWAP on
the Trading Day immediately prior to the date of the Purchase Agreement or (ii) $1.00.

8

(iv) Obligation
Absolute. The Companys obligations to issue and deliver the Conversion Shares upon conversion of this Note in accordance with
the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction by the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver
or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against any Person or any action to enforce the same, or
any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder or any other Person of
any obligation to the Company or any violation or alleged violation of law by the Holder or any other Person, and irrespective of any
other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Company to the Holder in connection with the issuance of such Conversion
Shares; provided, however, that such delivery shall not operate as a waiver by the Company of any such action the Company
may have against the Holder. In the event the Holder of this Note shall elect to convert any or all of the outstanding principal amount
hereof, the Company may not refuse conversion based on any claim that the Holder or anyone associated or affiliated with the Holder has
been engaged in any violation of law, agreement or for any other reason, unless an injunction from a court, on notice to Holder, restraining
and or enjoining conversion of all or part of this Note shall have been sought and obtained, and the Company posts a surety bond for
the benefit of the Holder in the amount of 150% of the outstanding principal amount of this Note, which is subject to the injunction,
which bond shall remain in effect until the completion of arbitration/litigation of the underlying dispute and the proceeds of which
shall be payable to the Holder to the extent it obtains judgment. In the absence of such injunction, the Company shall issue Conversion
Shares required to be delivered hereunder in accordance with the terms hereof. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue
actual damages or declare an Event of Default pursuant to Section 8 for the Companys failure to deliver Conversion
Shares within the period specified herein and the Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it hereunder, at law
or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief. The exercise of any such rights
shall not prohibit the Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under applicable law.

(v) Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Conversion Shares Upon Conversion. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder,
if the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder such Conversion Shares by the Share Delivery Date pursuant to Section 4(c)(ii),
and if after such Share Delivery Date the Holder is required by its brokerage firm to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise),
or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of
the Conversion Shares which the Holder was entitled to receive upon the conversion relating to such Share Delivery Date (a Buy-In),
then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder (in addition to any other remedies available to or elected by the Holder) the
amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including any brokerage commissions) for the Common Stock
so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that the Holder was entitled to
receive from the conversion at issue multiplied by (2) the actual sale price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase
obligation was executed (including any brokerage commissions) and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reissue (if surrendered)
this Note in a principal amount equal to the principal amount of the attempted conversion (in which case such conversion shall be deemed
rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued if the Company had timely complied
with its delivery requirements under Section 4(c)(ii). For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase
price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted conversion of this Note with respect to which the actual sale price of
the Conversion Shares (including any brokerage commissions) giving rise to such purchase obligation was a total of $10,000 under clause
(A) of the immediately preceding sentence, the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the
Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence
of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder,
at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys
failure to timely deliver Conversion Shares upon conversion of this Note as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

9

(vi) Reservation
of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion. The Company covenants that it will at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized
and unissued shares of Common Stock for the sole purpose of issuance upon conversion of this Note, each as herein provided, free from
preemptive rights or any other actual contingent purchase rights of Persons other than the Holder (and the other holders of the Notes),
not less than 120% of such aggregate number of shares of Common Stock as shall (subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the
Purchase Agreement) be issuable (taking into account the adjustments and restrictions of Section 5) upon the conversion of the then
outstanding principal amount of this Note at the Alternate Conversion Price then in effect (the Required Reserve Amount).
The Company covenants that all shares of Common Stock that shall be so issuable shall, upon issue, be duly authorized, validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable and registered pursuant to the Registration Statement. If, notwithstanding this Section 4(c)(vi), and
not in limitation thereof, at any time while any of the Notes remain outstanding, the Company does not have a sufficient number of authorized
and unreserved shares of Common Stock to satisfy its obligation to reserve the Required Reserve Amount (an Authorized Share
Failure), then the Company shall immediately take all action necessary to increase the Companys authorized shares of
Common Stock to an amount sufficient to allow the Company to reserve the Required Reserve Amount for all the Notes then outstanding.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence, as soon as practicable after the date of the occurrence of an Authorized Share
Failure, but in no event later than sixty (60) days after the occurrence of such Authorized Share Failure, the Company shall hold a meeting
of its stockholders for the approval of an increase in the number of authorized shares of Common Stock. In connection with such meeting,
the Company shall provide each stockholder with a proxy statement and shall use its best efforts to solicit its stockholders approval
of such increase in authorized shares of Common Stock and to cause its board of directors to recommend to the stockholders that they
approve such proposal. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any such time of an Authorized Share Failure, the Company is able to obtain
the written consent of a majority of the shares of its issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock to approve the increase in the number
of authorized shares of Common Stock, the Company may satisfy this obligation by obtaining such consent and submitting for filing with
the SEC an Information Statement on Schedule 14C.

(vii) Fractional
Shares. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of this Note. As to any
fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such conversion, the Company shall at its election,
either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Conversion Price
or round up to the next whole share.

10

(viii) Transfer
Taxes and Expenses. The issuance of Conversion Shares on conversion of this Note shall be made without charge to the Holder hereof
for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery of such Conversion Shares, provided
that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery
of any such Conversion Shares upon conversion in a name other than that of the Holder of this Note so converted and the Company shall
not be required to issue or deliver such Conversion Shares unless or until the Person or Persons requesting the issuance thereof shall
have paid to the Company the amount of such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction of the Company that such tax has been paid.
The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Conversion and all fees to the Depository
Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of
the Conversion Shares.

(d) Holders
Conversion Limitations. The Company shall not effect any conversion of this Note, and a Holder shall not have the right to convert
any portion of this Note, to the extent that after giving effect to the conversion set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion,
the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the
Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)) would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially
owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of this Note with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would
be issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, unconverted principal amount of this Note beneficially owned by the Holder or
any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other
securities of the Company subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein (including,
without limitation, any other Notes or any Warrants) beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. 
Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 4(d), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. To the extent that the limitation
contained in this Section 4(d) applies, the determination of whether this Note is convertible (in relation to other securities
owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which principal amount of this Note is convertible shall
be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Conversion shall be deemed to be the Holders determination
of whether this Note may be converted (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates or Attribution
Parties) and which principal amount of this Note is convertible, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the
Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group
status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 4(d), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock, the Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent
periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company, or
(C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. 
Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the
number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined
after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Note or the Warrants, by the Holder or
its Affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership
Limitation shall be [4.99%/9.99%] of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect
to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note. Upon delivery of a written notice to the Company, the
Holder may from time to time increase (with such increase not effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after delivery of
such notice) or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation to any other percentage not in excess of 9.99% as specified in such notice;
provided that (i) any such increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the sixty-first (61st)
day after such notice is delivered to the Company and (ii) any such increase or decrease will apply only to the Holder and the other
Attribution Parties and not to any other holder of Notes that is not an Attribution Party of the Holder. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this
Section 4(d) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial
Ownership Limitation contained herein or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation.
The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Note.

11

(e) Holder
of Record of Conversion Shares. The Person in whose name any Conversion Share is issuable or deliverable upon conversion of this
Note will be deemed for all corporate purposes to hold such share as of the close of business on the date of receipt by such Person of
the Conversion Shares for such conversion.

(f) Right
of Alternate Conversion.

(i) General.
Subject to Sections 4(d) and 5(i), at any time after the Stockholder Approval Date, the Holder may, at the Holders option,
convert (each, an Alternate Conversion, and the date of such Alternate Conversion, each, an Alternate
Conversion Date) all, or any part of, the Conversion Amount (such portion of the Conversion Amount subject to such Alternate
Conversion, each, an Alternate Conversion Amount) into Common Stock at a conversion price equal to the greater of
(x) the Floor Price and (y) 90% of the lowest VWAP in the ten (10) Trading Days prior to the applicable Alternate Conversion
Date (the Alternate Conversion Price).

(ii)Mechanics
of Alternate Conversion. On any Alternate Conversion Date, the Holder may voluntarily convert any Alternate Conversion Amount pursuant
to Section 4(c) (with Alternate Conversion Price replacing Conversion Price for all purposes
hereunder with respect to such Alternate Conversion) by designating in the Conversion Notice delivered pursuant to this Section 4(f)
of this Note that the Holder is electing to use the Alternate Conversion Price for such conversion; provided that in the event of the
Conversion Floor Price Condition, on the applicable Alternate Conversion Date the Company shall also add an amount of money to the then
outstanding principal of this Note equal to the applicable Alternate Conversion Floor Amount; provided further, in the event the Company
receives notification from the Trading Market objecting to such addition to the then outstanding principal of this Note in whole or in
part, then the applicable portion of the Alternate Conversion Floor Amount so objected to shall be paid by the Company to the Holder
in cash. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 4(f), but subject to Sections 4(d) and 5(i), until the Company delivers
shares of Common Stock representing the applicable Alternate Conversion Amount to the Holder, such Alternate Conversion Amount may be
converted by the Holder into Common Stock pursuant to Section 4(c) without regard to this Section 4(f).

Section 5.Certain
Adjustments.

(a) Stock
Dividends and Stock Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Note is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock or any Common Stock Equivalents (which,
for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon conversion of the Notes), (ii) subdivides
outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding
shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues, in the event of a reclassification of shares of the Common
Stock, any shares of capital stock of the Company, then the Conversion Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator
shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Company) outstanding immediately before such event,
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made
pursuant to this Section shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled
to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision,
combination or re-classification.

12

(b) Reserved.

(c) Reserved.

(d) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 5(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues
or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders
of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon
the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held
the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Note (without regard to any limitations on conversion
hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation and assuming for such purpose that the Note was converted at
the Alternate Conversion Price as of the applicable record date) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant,
issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common
Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent
that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such
shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance
for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

(e) Pro
Rata Distributions. During such time as this Note is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including,
without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after
the issuance of this Note, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent
that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete
conversion of this Note (without regard to any limitations on conversion hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as
of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holder's right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in
the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution
shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

13

(f) Adjustment
to Conversion Price. Whenever the Conversion Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 5, the Company
shall promptly deliver to each Holder a notice setting forth the Conversion Price after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement
of the facts requiring such adjustment.

(g) Notice
to Allow Conversion by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the
Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares
of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection
with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as
a whole) is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange
whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or
involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be filed
at each office or agency maintained for the purpose of conversion of this Note, and shall cause to be delivered to the Holder at its
last address as it shall appear upon the Note Register, at least twenty (20) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective
date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution,
redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to
be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected
that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other
property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange, provided that the failure to
deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to
be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a
Current Report on Form 8-K. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall remain entitled to convert this Note during the 20-day
period commencing on the date of such notice through the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be
expressly set forth herein.

14

(h) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Note is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company (and all of its Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole), directly or indirectly effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of
all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, except to the extent subject to an adjustment pursuant
to Section 2, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another
Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of shares of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other
securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or 50% or
more of the voting power of the Common Stock of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which
the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly
or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without
limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby
such other Person or group acquires 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the Common
Stock of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that the term Fundamental Transaction shall
not include any transaction contemplated by that certain Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 20, 2024, as may be amended,
between the Company and CompuSystems, Inc. (the Asset Transaction)), then, upon any subsequent exercise of
this Note, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Conversion Share that would have been issuable upon such conversion immediately
prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 1(f) on
the exercise of this Note), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is
the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result
of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Note is convertable immediately prior
to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 4(d) on the conversion of this Note). For purposes
of any such exercise, the determination of the Conversion Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration
based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and
the Company shall apportion the Conversion Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value
of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of shares of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities,
cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration
it receives upon any conversion of this Note following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity
in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing
all of the obligations of the Company under this Note in accordance with the provisions of this Section 5(h) pursuant to written
agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior
to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Note a security of
the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Note which is convertible
for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common
Stock acquirable and receivable upon conversion of this Note (without regard to any limitations on the conversion of this Note) prior
to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an conversion price which applies the conversion price hereunder to such shares of capital
stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value
of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such conversion price being for the purpose of protecting
the economic value of this Note immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory
in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall be added to
the term Company under this Note (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation of such Fundamental Transaction,
each and every provision of this Note and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead
to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor Entity or Successor
Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto and the Successor Entity
or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Note with the same effect as if the
Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had been named as the Company herein.

15

(i) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 5 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For
purposes of this Section 5, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be
the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Company) issued and outstanding.

Section 6.Reserved.

Section 7.Covenants.

(a) Negative
Covenants. As long as any portion of this Note remains outstanding, the Company shall not, and shall not permit any of the Subsidiaries
to, directly or indirectly:

(i) other
than Permitted Indebtedness, except with the prior written consent of the Holder, enter into, create, incur, assume, guarantee or suffer
to exist any Indebtedness of any kind, including, but not limited to, a guarantee, on or with respect to any of its property or assets
now owned or hereafter acquired or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom;

(ii) other
than Permitted Liens, enter into, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Liens of any kind, on or with respect to any of its property
or assets now owned or hereafter acquired or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom;

(iii) amend
its charter documents, including, without limitation, its certificate of incorporation and bylaws, in any manner that materially and
adversely affects any rights of the Holder;

16

(iv) repay,
repurchase or offer to repay, repurchase or otherwise acquire more than a de minimis number of shares of its Common Stock or Common
Stock Equivalents other than as to (i) the Conversion Shares or the Warrant Shares as permitted or required under the Transaction
Documents, and (ii) repurchases of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents of departing officers and directors of the Company,
provided that such repurchases shall not exceed an aggregate of $50,000 for all officers and directors during the term of this Note;

(v) repay,
repurchase or offer to repay, repurchase or otherwise acquire any Indebtedness, other than the Notes if on a pro-rata basis, other
than regularly scheduled principal and interest payments as such terms are in effect as of the Original Issue Date, provided that such
payments shall not be permitted if, at such time, or after giving effect to such payment, any Event of Default exist or occur;

(vi) pay
cash dividends or distributions on any equity securities of the Company;

(vii) assign,
sell, transfer, license, lease or otherwise dispose of any its assets (including, without limitation, any disposition to any Subsidiary
that has not executed and delivered the Subsidiary Guaranty and the Security Agreement to the Agent) other than (a) sales of inventory
in the ordinary course of business and (b) other dispositions not to exceed $50,000 in the aggregate per year;

(viii) make
or hold any Investments other than: (a) Investments existing on the date of the Purchase Agreement and that are disclosed in the
SEC Reports (provided, for clarity, that neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall increase the size of its Investment in any such
Investment existing on the date of the Purchase Agreement other than in accordance with this Note and the other Transaction Documents),
(b) Investments in cash and cash equivalents held in deposit accounts at U.S. banks, (c) Investments in Subsidiaries and (d) other
Investments that do not exceed $50,000 in the aggregate per calendar year;

17

(ix) enter
into any transaction with any Affiliate of the Company which would be required to be disclosed in any public filing with the Commission,
unless such transaction is made on an arms-length basis and expressly approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of
the Company (even if less than a quorum otherwise required for board approval);

(x) [reserved];

(xi) enter
into any factoring agreement, merchant cash advance agreement or similar arrangement without the prior consent of the Holder; or

(xii) enter
into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing.

(b) Affirmative
Covenants. As long as any portion of this Note remains outstanding, the Company shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to:

(i) preserve
and maintain its legal existence, rights, franchises and privileges in the jurisdiction of its organization, and qualify and remain qualified
as a foreign business entity in each jurisdiction in which qualification is necessary in view of its business and operations or the ownership
of its properties and where failure maintain or qualify could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(ii) provide
to Agent and the Holder, promptly upon becoming aware thereof (and in any event within one (1) day after the occurrence thereof),
a notice of each Event of Default known to an executive officer of the Company, together with a statement of such executive officer setting
forth the details of such Event of Default and the actions which the Company has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto;

(iii) (a) pay
and discharge as the same shall become due and payable: (i) all tax liabilities, assessments and governmental charges or levies
upon it or its properties or assets, unless the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted
(which proceedings have the effect of preventing the forfeiture or sale of the property or assets subject to any such Lien) and adequate
reserves in accordance with GAAP are being maintained by the Company or such Subsidiary; (ii) all lawful claims which, if unpaid,
would by law become a Lien upon its property, unless the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently
conducted (which proceedings have the effect of preventing the forfeiture or sale of the property or assets subject to any such Lien)
and adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are being maintained by the Company or such Subsidiary; and (iii) all Indebtedness,
as and when due and payable, but subject to the terms of this Note; and (b) timely file all material tax returns required to be
filed (subject to any valid extension);

(iv) (a) maintain,
preserve and protect all of its material properties and equipment necessary in the operation of its business in good working order and
condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted; and (b) make all necessary repairs thereto and renewals and replacements thereof except
where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

18

(v) comply
in all material respects with the requirements of all applicable laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it
or to its business or property;

(vi) [reserved];

(vii) maintain
(a) insurance with financially sound and reputable insurance companies in at least the amounts (and with only those deductibles)
customarily maintained, and against such risks as are typically insured against, by Persons of comparable size engaged in the same or
similar business as the Company and its Subsidiaries; and (b) all workers compensation, employers liability insurance
or similar insurance as may be required under the laws of any state or jurisdiction in which it may be engaged in business. All such
insurance policies required pursuant to clause (a) of this Section shall name the Agent as a loss payee (in the case of property
or other casualty insurance) and an additional insured (in the case of liability insurance);

(viii) use
reasonable efforts to cause the Company to remain eligible to use Form S-3 for a delayed or continuous offering pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(x) promulgated
under the Securities Act; and

(ix) cause
all payments due under this Note to (a) rank pari passu with all other Notes and (b) be senior to all other Indebtedness
of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

Section 8.Events
of Default.

(a) Event
of Default means, wherever used herein, any of the following events (whatever the reason for such event and whether such event
shall be voluntary or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court, or any order,
rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body):

(i) any
default in the payment of (A) the principal amount of any Note or (B) interest, liquidated damages and other amounts
owing to a Holder on any Note, as and when the same shall become due and payable (whether on a Conversion Date or the Maturity Date or
by acceleration or otherwise) which default, solely in the case of an interest payment or other default under clause (B) above,
is not cured within three (3) Trading Days;

(ii) the
Company shall fail to observe or perform any other covenant or agreement contained in the Notes (other than a breach by the Company of
its obligations to deliver shares of Common Stock to the Holder upon conversion, which breach is addressed in clause (xii) below)
or in any Transaction Document, which failure is not cured, if possible to cure, within the earlier to occur of (A) five (5) Trading
Days after notice of such failure sent by the Holder or by any other Holder to the Company and (B) ten (10) Trading Days after
the Company has become or should have become aware of such failure;

19

(iii) a
default or event of default (subject to any grace or cure period provided in the applicable agreement, document or instrument) shall
occur under (A) any of the Transaction Documents or (B) any other material agreement, lease, document or instrument to which
the Company or any Subsidiary is obligated (and not covered by clause (vi) below);

(iv) any
representation or warranty made in this Note, any other Transaction Documents, any written statement pursuant hereto or thereto
or any other report, financial statement or certificate made or delivered to the Holder or any other Holder shall be untrue or incorrect
in any material respect as of the date when made or deemed made;

(v) the
Company or any Subsidiary shall be subject to a Bankruptcy Event;

(vi) the
Company or any Subsidiary shall default on any of its obligations under any Indebtedness, that (a) involves an obligation greater
than $100,000, whether such Indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter be created, and (b) results in such Indebtedness becoming
or being declared due and payable prior to the date on which it would otherwise become due and payable;

(vii) the
Common Stock shall not be eligible for listing or quotation for trading on a Trading Market and shall not be eligible to resume listing
or quotation for trading thereon within five (5) Trading Days;

(viii) the
Company (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole) shall be a party to any (A) Change of Control Transaction or shall agree
to sell or dispose of all or in excess of 33% of its assets in one transaction or a series of related transactions (whether or not such
sale would constitute a Change of Control Transaction) or (ii) Fundamental Transaction, in each case, other than with respect to
the Asset Transaction;

(ix) any
Person shall breach any agreement delivered to the initial Holders pursuant to Section 2.3 of the Purchase Agreement;

(x) a
false or inaccurate certification (including a false or inaccurate deemed certification) by the Company that either (A) the Equity
Conditions are satisfied, or (B) as to whether any Event of Default has occurred;

(xi) the
occurrence of any Public Information Failure (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) that remains uncured for at least ten (10) calendar
days or any restatement of any the financial statements included in any Annual Report on Form 10-K or Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
of the Company;

20

(xii) the
Company shall fail for any reason to deliver Conversion Shares to a Holder prior to the fifth (5th) Trading Day after a Conversion
Date pursuant to Section 4(c) or the Company shall provide at any time notice to the Holder, including by way of public
announcement, of the Companys intention to not honor requests for conversions of any Notes in accordance with the terms hereof;

(xiii) the
electronic transfer by the Company of shares of Common Stock through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation
is no longer available or is subject to a chill;

(xiv) any
monetary judgment, writ or similar final process shall be entered or filed against the Company, any subsidiary or any of their respective
property or other assets for more than $100,000, and such judgment, writ or similar final process shall remain unvacated, unbonded or
unstayed for a period of 45 calendar days;

(xv) any
Security Document shall for any reason (other than solely as a result of any action or inaction by the Secured Parties (as defined in
the Security Agreement)) fail or cease to create a valid Lien on any material portion of the Collateral (as defined in the Security Agreement)
in favor of the Holder; or any material provision of any Security Document shall at any time for any reason (other than solely as a result
of any action or inaction by the Secured Parties (as defined in the Security Agreement)) cease to be valid and binding on or enforceable
against the Company or the applicable Subsidiary, the validity or enforceability thereof shall be contested by any party thereto, or
a proceeding shall be commenced by the Company, any Subsidiary or any governmental authority having jurisdiction over the Company or
any such Subsidiary, seeking to establish the invalidity or unenforceability thereof;

(xvi) the
occurrence of a Material Adverse Effect; or

(xvii) an
Authorized Share Failure occurs and the Company does not obtain the stockholder approval contemplated in Section 4(c)(vi) hereof
within the time periods required by such Section.

(b) Remedies
Upon Event of Default. If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the outstanding principal amount of this Note, the Mandatory
Default Amount, plus accrued but unpaid interest, liquidated damages and other amounts owing in respect thereof through the date of acceleration,
shall become, at the Holders election, immediately due and payable in cash; provided that such acceleration shall be automatic,
without any notice or other action of the Required Holders required, in respect of an Event of Default occurring pursuant to clause (v) of
Section 8(a). Commencing five (5) days after the occurrence and continuance of any Event of Default (Interest
Accrual Date), the interest rate on this Note shall accrue at an interest rate equal to the lesser of 12.0% per annum or the
maximum rate permitted under applicable law. In connection with such acceleration described herein, the Holder need not provide, and
the Company hereby waives, any presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, and the Holder may immediately and without expiration
of any grace period enforce any and all of its rights and remedies hereunder and all other remedies available to it under applicable
law. Such acceleration may be rescinded and annulled by Holder at any time prior to payment hereunder and the Holder shall have all rights
as a holder of the Note until such time, if any, as the Holder receives full payment pursuant to this Section 8(b). No such rescission
or annulment shall affect any subsequent Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon.

21

Section 9.Redemption.

(a) Mandatory Redemption upon Future Financing.

(i) At
any time after the Original Issuance Date, to the extent that the Company raises capital in any financing, the Holder shall have the
right, by delivering written notice to the Company, to cause the Company to use 30% of the aggregate gross proceeds from such financing
to redeem all or any portion of the Notes then outstanding (a Company Mandatory Redemption). The Notes subject to
redemption pursuant to this Section 9(a) shall be redeemed by the Company in cash at a price equal to the product of (i) 105%
and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of the Notes being redeemed (the Redemption Price).

(ii) With
respect to any portion of this Note which has been specified to be redeemed by the Company pursuant to the Company Mandatory Redemption
and which has been redeemed in accordance with the provisions of this Section 9(a), (i) such portion of this Note shall no
longer be deemed outstanding and (ii) all rights with respect to such portion of this Note shall cease and terminate.

(iii) In
the event of the Companys redemption of any portion of this Note under this Section 9(a), a Holders damages would
be uncertain and difficult to estimate because of the parties inability to predict future interest rates and the uncertainty of
the availability of a suitable substitute investment opportunity for such Holder. Accordingly, any redemption premium due under this
Section 9(a) is intended by the parties to be, and shall be deemed, a reasonable estimate of such Holders actual loss
of its investment opportunity and not as a penalty.

(b) Mandatory Redemption upon a Change of Control Transaction.

(i) At
any time after the Original Issuance Date, to the extent that there occurs a Change of Control Transaction, the Holder shall have the
right, by delivering written notice to the Company, to cause the Company to redeem all or any portion of the Notes then outstanding (a
Change of Control Redemption). The Notes subject to redemption pursuant to this Section 9(b) shall be
redeemed by the Company in cash at a price equal to the Redemption Price.

22

(ii) With
respect to any portion of this Note which has been specified to be redeemed by the Company pursuant to the Change of Control Redemption
and which has been redeemed in accordance with the provisions of this Section 9(b), (i) such portion of this Note shall no
longer be deemed outstanding and (ii) all rights with respect to such portion of this Note shall cease and terminate.

(iii) In
the event of the Companys redemption of any portion of this Note under this Section 9(b), a Holders damages would
be uncertain and difficult to estimate because of the parties inability to predict future interest rates and the uncertainty of
the availability of a suitable substitute investment opportunity for such Holder. Accordingly, any redemption premium due under this
Section 9(b) is intended by the parties to be, and shall be deemed, a reasonable estimate of such Holders actual loss
of its investment opportunity and not as a penalty.

Section 10.Miscellaneous.

(a) Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holder hereunder, including, without limitation, any
Notice of Conversion, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by email attachment, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight
courier service, addressed to the Company, at the address set forth above, or such other email address, or address as the Company may
specify for such purposes by notice to the Holder delivered in accordance with this Section 10(a). Any and all notices or
other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by email attachment,
or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the email address or address of the Holder appearing
on the books of the Company, or if no such email attachment or address appears on the books of the Company, at the principal place of
business of such Holder, as set forth in the Purchase Agreement. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall
be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via
email attachment to the email address set forth on the signature pages attached hereto prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time)
on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email attachment
to the email address set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New
York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized
overnight courier service or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given.

(b) Absolute
Obligation. Except as expressly provided herein, no provision of this Note shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company, which
is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of, liquidated damages and accrued interest, as applicable, on this Note at the time,
place, and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. This Note is a direct debt obligation of the Company. This Note ranks
pari passu with all other Notes now or hereafter issued under the terms set forth herein.

23

(c) Lost
or Mutilated Note. If this Note shall be mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall execute and deliver, in exchange
and substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated Note, or in lieu of or in substitution for a lost, stolen or destroyed Note,
a new Note for the principal amount of this Note so mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, but only upon receipt of evidence of such loss,
theft or destruction of such Note, and of the ownership hereof, reasonably satisfactory to the Company.

(d) Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Note shall be governed by and construed
and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflict of laws thereof.
Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated
by any of the Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders,
employees or agents) shall be commenced in the state and federal courts sitting in the State of Delaware (the Delaware Courts).
Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Courts for the adjudication of any dispute
hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement
of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any
claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such Delaware Courts, or such Delaware Courts are improper or inconvenient
venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Note and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient
service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any
other manner permitted by applicable law. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Note or the transactions contemplated
hereby. If any party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Note, then the prevailing party in such
action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred in the investigation,
preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

(e) Waiver.
Any waiver by the Company or the Holder of a breach of any provision of this Note shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver
of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Note. The failure of the Company or the Holder
to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Note on one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that party
of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Note on any other occasion. Any waiver
by the Company or the Holder must be in writing.

24

(f) Severability.
If any provision of this Note is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the balance of this Note shall remain in effect, and if any provision
is inapplicable to any Person or circumstance, it shall nevertheless remain applicable to all other Persons and circumstances. If it
shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder violates the applicable law governing usury, the applicable
rate of interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the maximum rate of interest permitted under applicable law. The
Company covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it shall not at any time insist upon, plead, or in any manner whatsoever
claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law or other law which would prohibit or forgive the Company
from paying all or any portion of the principal of or interest on this Note as contemplated herein, wherever enacted, now or at any time
hereafter in force, or which may affect the covenants or the performance of this Note, and the Company (to the extent it may lawfully
do so) hereby expressly waives all benefits or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it will not, by resort to any such law,
hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Holder, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such
as though no such law has been enacted.

(g) Remedies,
Characterizations, Other Obligations, Breaches and Injunctive Relief. The remedies provided in this Note shall be cumulative
and in addition to all other remedies available under this Note and any of the other Transaction Documents at law or in equity (including
a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit the Holders right to pursue actual
and consequential damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Note. The Company covenants to the Holder
that there shall be no characterization concerning this instrument other than as expressly provided herein. Amounts set forth or provided
for herein with respect to payments, conversion and the like (and the computation thereof) shall be the amounts to be received by the
Holder and shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any other obligation of the Company (or the performance thereof).
The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder and that the remedy
at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore agrees that, in the event of any such breach or threatened breach,
the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any such breach or any such threatened
breach, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. The Company shall provide
all information and documentation to the Holder that is requested by the Holder to enable the Holder to confirm the Companys compliance
with the terms and conditions of this Note.

(h) Next
Business Day. Whenever any payment or other obligation hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall
be made on the next succeeding Business Day.

25

(i) Headings.
The headings contained herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Note and shall not be deemed to limit or affect
any of the provisions hereof.

Section 11.Secured Obligation. The obligations of the Company under this Note are secured by the Collateral.

Section 12.Disclosure. Upon receipt or delivery by the Company of any notice in accordance with the terms of this Note, in the event that
the Company believes that such notice contains material, non-public information relating to the Company or its Subsidiaries, the Company
shall so indicate in such notice that it contains material, non-public information relating to the Company or its Subsidiaries and, simultaneously
with the delivery of such notice to the Holder, the Company shall publicly disclose the contents of such notice in a Current Report on
Form 8-K filed with the Commission. If the Company does not indicate to the Holder with delivery of such notice that it contains
material, non-public information relating to the Company or its Subsidiaries, the Holder shall be allowed to presume that all matters
set forth in such notice do not constitute material, nonpublic information relating to the Company or its Subsidiaries.

*********************

(Signature Page Follows)

26

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Note to be duly executed by a duly authorized officer as of the date first above indicated.

DATAVAULT AI INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

ANNEX A

NOTICE OF CONVERSION

Reference is made to the
Senior Secured Convertible Note Due [], 20266 (the Note)
of Datavault AI Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company).

The undersigned hereby elects
to convert principal under the Note into shares of common stock of the Company (the Common Stock) according to the
conditions hereof, as of the date written below. If shares of Common Stock are to be issued in the name of a person other than the undersigned,
the undersigned will pay all issue, stamp, transfer and similar taxes payable with respect thereto and is delivering herewith such certificates
and opinions as reasonably requested by the Company in accordance therewith. No fee will be charged to the holder for any conversion,
except for such issue, stamp, transfer and similar taxes, if any.

By the delivery of this Notice
of Conversion the undersigned represents and warrants to the Company that its ownership of the Common Stock does not exceed the amounts
specified under Section 4 of this Note, as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act.

The undersigned agrees to
comply with the prospectus delivery requirements under the applicable securities laws in connection with any transfer of the aforesaid
shares of Common Stock.

Conversion calculations:

Date to Effect Conversion:

Principal Amount of Note to be Converted:

Number of shares of Common Stock to be issued:

If this Conversion
Notice is being delivered with respect to an Alternate Conversion, check here if Holder is electing to use the following Alternate Conversion
Price:____________

Signature:

Name:

Address for Delivery of Common Stock Certificates:

Or

DWAC Instructions:

DTC Participant Number:_______________________

DTC Participant Name:________________________

Account Number:_____________________

6
To be the date that is the eighteen (18) month anniversary of the Original Issue Date, provided that, if such date is not
a Trading Day, to be the immediately following Trading Day.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm2510880d2_ex4-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS WARRANT NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS WARRANT IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR
SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE HOLDER (IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY), IN A FORM REASONABLY
ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD OR ELIGIBLE TO BE SOLD PURSUANT TO
RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE
MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. THE NUMBER OF SHARES OF COMMON STOCK ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE
OF THIS WARRANT MAY BE LESS THAN THE AMOUNTS SET FORTH ON THE FACE HEREOF PURSUANT TO SECTION 1(a) OF
THIS WARRANT.

Datavault
AI Inc.

Warrant
To Purchase Shares Of Common Stock

Date of Issuance: [ ], 2025 (Issuance
Date)

Datavault AI Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
Company), hereby certifies that, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, _______________, the registered holder hereof or its permitted assigns (the Holder), is entitled, subject
to the terms set forth below, to purchase from the Company, at the Exercise Price (as defined below) then in effect, upon exercise of
this Warrant to Purchase Shares of Common Stock (including any Warrants to Purchase Shares of Common Stock issued in exchange, transfer
or replacement hereof, the Warrant), at any time or times on or after the Stockholder Approval Date, but not after
11:59 p.m., New York time, on the Expiration Date (as defined below), [_______]1 (subject to adjustment as provided herein)
fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock (as defined below) (the Warrant Shares, and such number of Warrant
Shares, the Warrant Number). Except as otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms in this Warrant shall have the
meanings set forth in Section 19 of this Warrant or in the Securities Purchase Agreement (as defined below). This Warrant is one
of the Warrants to Purchase Shares of Common Stock (the SPA Warrants) issued pursuant to Section 2 of that certain
Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of [ ], 2025, by and among the Company and the investors (the Buyers) referred
to therein, as amended from time to time (the Securities Purchase Agreement).

1
NTD: 100% warrant coverage, calculated as face value of the Note divided by the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately prior
to the date of the Securities Purchase Agreement.

1. EXERCISE
OF WARRANT.

(a) Mechanics
of Exercise. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof (including, without limitation, the limitations set forth in Section 1(f)),
this Warrant may be exercised by the Holder on any day on or after the Stockholder Approval Date (an Exercise Date),
in whole or in part, by delivery (whether via electronic mail or otherwise) of a written notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A
(the Exercise Notice), of the Holders election to exercise this Warrant. Within one (1) Trading Day following
an exercise of this Warrant as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver payment to the Company of an amount equal to the Exercise Price in
effect on the date of such exercise multiplied by the number of Warrant Shares as to which this Warrant was so exercised (the Aggregate
Exercise Price) in cash or via wire transfer of immediately available funds if the Holder did not notify the Company in such
Exercise Notice that such exercise was made pursuant to a Cashless Exercise (as defined in Section 1(d)). The Holder shall not be
required to deliver the original of this Warrant in order to effect an exercise hereunder. Execution and delivery of an Exercise Notice
with respect to less than all of the Warrant Shares shall have the same effect as cancellation of the original of this Warrant and issuance
of a new Warrant evidencing the right to purchase the remaining number of Warrant Shares. Execution and delivery of an Exercise Notice
for all of the then-remaining Warrant Shares shall have the same effect as cancellation of the original of this Warrant after delivery
of the Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms hereof. On or before the first (1st) Trading Day following the date on which
the Company has received an Exercise Notice, the Company shall transmit by electronic mail an acknowledgment of confirmation of receipt
of such Exercise Notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B, to the Holder and the Companys transfer agent (the
Transfer Agent), which confirmation shall constitute an instruction to the Transfer Agent to process such Exercise
Notice in accordance with the terms herein. On or before the first (1st) Trading Day following the date on which the Company
has received such Exercise Notice (or such earlier date as required pursuant to the 1934 Act or other applicable law, rule or regulation
for the settlement of a trade of such Warrant Shares initiated on the applicable Exercise Date), the Company shall (X) provided that
the Transfer Agent is participating in The Depository Trust Company (DTC) Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program,
upon the request of the Holder, credit such aggregate number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such
exercise to the Holders or its designees balance account with DTC through its Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian system, or
(Y) if the Transfer Agent is not participating in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program (FAST),
upon the request of the Holder, issue and deliver (via reputable overnight courier) to the address as specified in the Exercise Notice,
a certificate, registered in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder shall
be entitled pursuant to such exercise. Upon delivery of an Exercise Notice, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have
become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date such
Warrant Shares are credited to the Holders DTC account or the date of delivery of the certificates evidencing such Warrant Shares
(as the case may be). If this Warrant is submitted in connection with any exercise pursuant to this Section 1(a) and the number
of Warrant Shares represented by this Warrant submitted for exercise is greater than the number of Warrant Shares being acquired upon
an exercise and upon surrender of this Warrant to the Company by the Holder, then, at the request of the Holder, the Company shall as
soon as practicable and in no event later than two (2) Business Days after any exercise and at its own expense, issue and deliver
to the Holder (or its designee) a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 7(d)) representing the right to purchase the number of
Warrant Shares purchasable immediately prior to such exercise under this Warrant, less the number of Warrant Shares with respect to which
this Warrant is exercised. No fractional shares of Common Stock are to be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant, but rather the number
of shares of Common Stock to be issued shall be rounded up to the nearest whole number. The Company shall pay any and all transfer, stamp,
issuance and similar taxes, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of the Transfer Agent) that may be payable
with respect to the issuance and delivery of Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, except in the
case where an exercise of this Warrant is validly made pursuant to a Cashless Exercise, the Companys failure to deliver Warrant
Shares to the Holder on or prior to the later of (i) one (1) Trading Day after receipt of the applicable Exercise Notice (or
such other date as required pursuant to the 1934 Act or other applicable law, rule or regulation for the settlement of a trade of
such Warrant Shares initiated on the applicable Exercise Date) and (ii) one (1) Trading Day after the Companys receipt
of the Aggregate Exercise Price (or valid notice of a Cashless Exercise) (such later date, the Share Delivery Date)
shall not be deemed to be a breach of this Warrant. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Warrant, after the
effective date of the Resale Registration Statement (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement), the Company shall cause the Transfer
Agent to deliver unlegended shares of Common Stock to the Holder (or its designee) in connection with any sale of Warrant Shares with
respect to which the Holder has entered into a contract for sale, and delivered a copy of the prospectus included as part of the Resale
Registration Statement to the extent applicable, and for which the Holder has not yet settled. From the Stockholder Approval Date through
and including the Expiration Date, the Company shall maintain a transfer agent that participates in FAST.

2

(b) Exercise
Price. For purposes of this Warrant, Exercise Price means $[___]2, subject to adjustment as provided
herein.

(c) Companys
Failure to Timely Deliver Securities. If the Company shall fail, for any reason or for no reason, on or prior to the Share Delivery
Date, either (I) if the Transfer Agent is not participating in FAST, to issue and deliver to the Holder (or its designee) a certificate
for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled and register such Warrant Shares on the Companys share register
or, if the Transfer Agent is participating in FAST, to credit the balance account of the Holder or the Holders designee with DTC
for such number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holders exercise of this Warrant (as the case may be)
or (II) if the Resale Registration Statement covering the resale of the Warrant Shares that are the subject of the Exercise Notice
(the Unavailable Warrant Shares) is not available for the resale of such Unavailable Warrant Shares and the Company
fails to promptly (x) so notify the Holder and (y) deliver the Warrant Shares electronically without any restrictive legend
by crediting such aggregate number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the Holders or
its designees balance account with DTC through its Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian system (the event described in the immediately
foregoing clause (II) is hereinafter referred as a Notice Failure and together with the event described in clause
(I) above, a Delivery Failure), then, in addition to all other remedies available to the Holder, (X) the
Company shall pay in cash to the Holder on each day after the Share Delivery Date and during such Delivery Failure an amount equal to
2% of the product of (A) the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock not issued to the Holder on or prior to the Share Delivery
Date and to which the Holder is entitled, multiplied by (B) any trading price of the Common Stock selected by the Holder in writing
as in effect at any time during the period beginning on the applicable Exercise Date and ending on the applicable Share Delivery Date,
and (Y) the Holder, upon written notice to the Company, may void its Exercise Notice with respect to, and retain or have returned,
as the case may be, any portion of this Warrant that has not been exercised pursuant to such Exercise Notice; provided that the voiding
of an Exercise Notice shall not affect the Companys obligations to make any payments which have accrued prior to the date of such
notice pursuant to this Section 1(c) or otherwise. In addition to the foregoing, if on or prior to the Share Delivery Date either
(I) the Transfer Agent is not participating in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, the Company shall fail to issue
and deliver to the Holder (or its designee) a certificate and register such shares of Common Stock on the Companys share register
or, if the Transfer Agent is participating in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, the Transfer Agent shall fail to credit
the balance account of the Holder or the Holders designee with DTC for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder
is entitled upon the Holders exercise hereunder or pursuant to the Companys obligation pursuant to clause (ii) below
or (II) a Notice Failure occurs, and if on or after such Share Delivery Date the Holder acquires (in an open market transaction,
stock loan or otherwise) shares of Common Stock corresponding to all or any portion of the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon
such exercise that the Holder is entitled to receive from the Company and has not received from the Company in connection with such Delivery
Failure or Notice Failure, as applicable (a Buy-In), then, in addition to all other remedies available to the Holder,
the Company shall, within two (2) Business Days after the Holders request and in the Holders discretion, either (i) pay
cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, stock loan costs and
other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so acquired (including, without limitation, by any other Person in
respect, or on behalf, of the Holder) (the Buy-In Price), at which point the Companys obligation to so issue
and deliver such certificate (and to issue such shares of Common Stock) or credit the balance account of such Holder or such Holders
designee, as applicable, with DTC for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holders exercise hereunder
(as the case may be) (and to issue such Warrant Shares) shall terminate, or (ii) promptly honor its obligation to so issue and deliver
to the Holder a certificate or certificates representing such Warrant Shares or credit the balance account of such Holder or such Holders
designee, as applicable, with DTC for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holders exercise hereunder
(as the case may be) and pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the Buy-In Price over the product of (A) such
number of Warrant Shares multiplied by (B) the lowest Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on any Trading Day during the period
commencing on the date of the applicable Exercise Notice and ending on the date of such issuance and payment under this clause (ii) (the
Buy-In Payment Amount). Nothing shall limit the Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it
hereunder, at law or in equity, including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect
to the Companys failure to timely deliver certificates representing shares of Common Stock (or to electronically deliver such shares
of Common Stock) upon the exercise of this Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof. While this Warrant is outstanding, the Company
shall cause its transfer agent to participate in FAST. In addition to the foregoing rights, (i) if the Company fails to deliver the
applicable number of Warrant Shares upon an exercise pursuant to Section 1 by the applicable Share Delivery Date, then the Holder
shall have the right to rescind such exercise in whole or in part and retain and/or have the Company return, as the case may be, any portion
of this Warrant that has not been exercised pursuant to such Exercise Notice; provided that the rescission of an exercise shall not affect
the Companys obligation to make any payments that have accrued prior to the date of such notice pursuant to this Section 1(c) or
otherwise, and (ii) if a registration statement covering the issuance or resale of the Warrant Shares that are subject to an Exercise
Notice is not available for the issuance or resale, as applicable, of such Warrant Shares and the Holder has submitted an Exercise Notice
prior to receiving notice of the non-availability of such registration statement and the Company has not already delivered the Warrant
Shares underlying such Exercise Notice electronically without any restrictive legend by crediting such aggregate number of Warrant Shares
to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the Holders or its designees balance account with DTC through
its Deposit / Withdrawal At Custodian system, the Holder shall have the option, by delivery of notice to the Company, to (x) rescind
such Exercise Notice in whole or in part and retain or have returned, as the case may be, any portion of this Warrant that has not been
exercised pursuant to such Exercise Notice; provided that the rescission of an Exercise Notice shall not affect the Companys obligation
to make any payments that have accrued prior to the date of such notice pursuant to this Section 1(c) or otherwise, and/or (y) switch
some or all of such Exercise Notice from a cash exercise to a Cashless Exercise.

2
NTD: Exercise Price to be the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately prior to the date of the Securities Purchase Agreement.

3

(d) Cashless
Exercise. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary (other than Section 1(f) below), if at the time of exercise
hereof, the Resale Registration Statement is not effective (or the prospectus contained therein is not available for use) for the resale
by the Holder of all of the Warrant Shares, then the Holder may, in its sole discretion, exercise this Warrant in whole or in part and,
in lieu of making the cash payment otherwise contemplated to be made to the Company upon such exercise in payment of the Aggregate Exercise
Price, elect instead to receive upon such exercise the Net Number of Warrant Shares determined according to the following
formula (a Cashless Exercise):

Net Number = (A x B) - (A x C)

B

For purposes of the foregoing
formula:

A= the total number of shares with respect
to which this Warrant is then being exercised.

B = as elected by the Holder: (i) the
VWAP of the shares of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Exercise Notice if such Exercise
Notice is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 1(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both
executed and delivered pursuant to Section 1(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours
(as defined in Rule 600(b)(64) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at
the option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Exercise Notice
or (z) the Bid Price of the shares of Common Stock as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Exercise Notice
if such Exercise Notice is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours
thereafter pursuant to Section 1(a) hereof, or (iii) the Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable
Exercise Notice if the date of such Exercise Notice is a Trading Day and such Exercise Notice is both executed and delivered pursuant
to Section 1(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day.

4

C = the Exercise
Price then in effect for the applicable Warrant Shares at the time of such exercise.

If Warrant Shares are issued
in such a Cashless Exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act,
the holding period of the Warrant Shares being issued may be tacked on to the holding period of this Warrant. The Company agrees
not to take any position contrary to this Section 1(d).

(e) Disputes.
In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the Exercise Price or the arithmetic calculation of the number of Warrant Shares to
be issued pursuant to the terms hereof, the Company shall promptly issue to the Holder the number of Warrant Shares that are not disputed
and resolve such dispute in accordance with Section 15.

(f) Limitations
on Exercises.

(i) Beneficial
Ownership. The Company shall not effect the exercise of any portion of this Warrant, and the Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Warrant and any such exercise shall be null and void and treated
as if never made, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, the Holder together with the other Attribution Parties collectively
would beneficially own in excess of [4.99%/9.99%] (the Maximum Percentage) of the shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to such exercise. For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock
beneficially owned by the Holder and the other Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock held by the Holder
and all other Attribution Parties plus the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which
the determination of such sentence is being made, but shall exclude shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (A) exercise
of the remaining, unexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of the other Attribution Parties and (B) exercise
or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any convertible
notes or convertible preferred stock or warrants, including the Notes and other SPA Warrants) beneficially owned by the Holder or any
other Attribution Party subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained in this Section 1(f)(i).
For purposes of this Section 1(f)(i), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the
1934 Act. For purposes of determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock the Holder may acquire upon the exercise of this
Warrant without exceeding the Maximum Percentage, the Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected
in (x) the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Current Report on Form 8-K
or other public filing with the SEC, as the case may be, (y) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (z) any other
written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent, if any, setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding (the Reported
Outstanding Share Number). If the Company receives an Exercise Notice from the Holder at a time when the actual number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock is less than the Reported Outstanding Share Number, the Company shall (i) notify the Holder in writing of
the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding and, to the extent that such Exercise Notice would otherwise cause the Holders
beneficial ownership, as determined pursuant to this Section 1(f)(i), to exceed the Maximum Percentage, the Holder must notify the
Company of a reduced number of Warrant Shares to be acquired pursuant to such Exercise Notice (the number of shares by which such purchase
is reduced, the Reduction Shares) and (ii) as soon as reasonably practicable, the Company shall return to the
Holder any exercise price paid by the Holder for the Reduction Shares. For any reason at any time, upon the written or oral request of
the Holder, the Company shall within one (1) Business Day confirm orally and in writing or by electronic mail to the Holder the number
of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving
effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder and any other Attribution Party
since the date as of which the Reported Outstanding Share Number was reported. In the event that the issuance of shares of Common Stock
to the Holder upon exercise of this Warrant results in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties being deemed to beneficially own,
in the aggregate, more than the Maximum Percentage of the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock (as determined under Section 13(d) of
the 1934 Act), the number of shares so issued by which the Holders and the other Attribution Parties aggregate beneficial
ownership exceeds the Maximum Percentage (the Excess Shares) shall be deemed null and void and shall be cancelled
ab initio, and the Holder shall not have the power to vote or to transfer the Excess Shares. As soon as reasonably practicable after the
issuance of the Excess Shares has been deemed null and void, the Company shall return to the Holder the exercise price paid by the Holder
for the Excess Shares. Upon delivery of a written notice to the Company, the Holder may from time to time increase (with such increase
not effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after delivery of such notice) or decrease the Maximum Percentage to any other
percentage not in excess of 9.99% as specified in such notice; provided that (i) any such increase in the Maximum Percentage will
not be effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is delivered to the Company and (ii) any such increase
or decrease will apply only to the Holder and the other Attribution Parties and not to any other holder of SPA Warrants that is not an
Attribution Party of the Holder. For purposes of clarity, the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the terms of this Warrant in
excess of the Maximum Percentage shall not be deemed to be beneficially owned by the Holder for any purpose including for purposes of
Section 13(d) or Rule 16a-1(a)(1) of the 1934 Act. No prior inability to exercise this Warrant pursuant to this paragraph
shall have any effect on the applicability of the provisions of this paragraph with respect to any subsequent determination of exercisability.
The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of
this Section 1(f)(i) to the extent necessary to correct this paragraph or any portion of this paragraph which may be defective
or inconsistent with the intended beneficial ownership limitation contained in this Section 1(f)(i) or to make changes or supplements
necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitation contained in this paragraph may not be waived and shall
apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

(ii) [Reserved].

5

(g) Reservation
of Shares.

(i) Required
Reserve Amount. So long as this Warrant remains outstanding, the Company shall at all times keep reserved for issuance under this
Warrant a number of shares of Common Stock at least equal to 100% of the maximum number of shares of Common Stock as shall be necessary
to satisfy the Companys obligation to issue shares of Common Stock under the SPA Warrants then outstanding (without regard to any
limitations on exercise) (the Required Reserve Amount); provided that at no time shall the number of shares of Common
Stock reserved pursuant to this Section 1(g)(i) be reduced other than proportionally in connection with any exercise or redemption
of SPA Warrants or such other event covered by Section 2(a) below. The Required Reserve Amount shall be allocated pro rata among
the holders of the SPA Warrants based on the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of SPA Warrants held by each holder
on each Closing Date (without regard to any limitations on exercise) or increase in the number of reserved shares, as the case may be
(the Authorized Share Allocation). In the event that a holder shall sell or otherwise transfer any of such holders
SPA Warrants, each transferee shall be allocated a pro rata portion of such holders Authorized Share Allocation. Any shares of
Common Stock reserved and allocated to any Person which ceases to hold any SPA Warrants shall be allocated to the remaining holders of
SPA Warrants, pro rata based on the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the SPA Warrants then held by such holders
(without regard to any limitations on exercise).

(ii) Insufficient
Authorized Shares. If, notwithstanding Section 1(g)(i) above, and not in limitation thereof, at any time while any of the
SPA Warrants remain outstanding, the Company does not have a sufficient number of authorized and unreserved shares of Common Stock to
satisfy its obligation to reserve the Required Reserve Amount (an Authorized Share Failure), then the Company shall
immediately take all action necessary to increase the Companys authorized shares of Common Stock to an amount sufficient to allow
the Company to reserve the Required Reserve Amount for all the SPA Warrants then outstanding. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing
sentence, as soon as practicable after the date of the occurrence of an Authorized Share Failure, but in no event later than sixty (60)
days after the occurrence of such Authorized Share Failure, the Company shall hold a meeting of its stockholders for the approval of an
increase in the number of authorized shares of Common Stock. In connection with such meeting, the Company shall provide each stockholder
with a proxy statement and shall use its best efforts to solicit its stockholders approval of such increase in authorized shares
of Common Stock and to cause its board of directors to recommend to the stockholders that they approve such proposal. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if any such time of an Authorized Share Failure, the Company is able to obtain the written consent of a majority of the
shares of its issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock to approve the increase in the number of authorized shares of Common Stock,
the Company may satisfy this obligation by obtaining such consent and submitting for filing with the SEC an Information Statement on Schedule
14C. In the event that the Company is prohibited from issuing shares of Common Stock upon an exercise of this Warrant due to the failure
by the Company to have sufficient shares of Common Stock available out of the authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock (such unavailable
number of shares of Common Stock, the Authorization Failure Shares), in lieu of delivering such Authorization Failure
Shares to the Holder, the Company shall pay cash in exchange for the cancellation of such portion of this Warrant exercisable into such
Authorization Failure Shares at a price equal to the sum of (i) the product of (x) such number of Authorization Failure Shares
and (y) the greatest Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on any Trading Day during the period commencing on the date the Holder
delivers the applicable Exercise Notice with respect to such Authorization Failure Shares to the Company and ending on the date of such
issuance and payment under this Section 1(g); and (ii) to the extent the Holder purchases (in an open market transaction or
otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of Authorization Failure Shares, any Buy-In Payment
Amount, brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any, of the Holder incurred in connection therewith. Nothing contained
in this Section 1(g) shall limit any obligations of the Company under any provision of the Securities Purchase Agreement.

6

2. Warrant
adjustments. The Exercise Price and number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant are subject to adjustment
from time to time as set forth in this Section 2.

(a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. Without limiting any provision of Section 2(b), Section 3 or Section 4, if the Company, at any
time on or after the Stockholder Approval Date, (i) pays a stock dividend on one or more classes of its then outstanding shares of
Common Stock or otherwise makes a distribution on any class of capital stock that is payable in shares of Common Stock (which, for the
avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides
(by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization or otherwise) one or more classes of its then outstanding shares of Common Stock
into a larger number of shares or (iii) combines (by combination, reverse stock split or otherwise) one or more classes of its then
outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in each such case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a
fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before such event and of which the
denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to clause
(i) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to
receive such dividend or distribution, and any adjustment pursuant to clause (ii) or (iii) of this paragraph shall become effective
immediately after the effective date of such subdivision or combination. If any event requiring an adjustment under this paragraph occurs
during the period that an Exercise Price is calculated hereunder, then the calculation of such Exercise Price shall be adjusted appropriately
to reflect such event.

(b) Adjustment
Upon Issuance of Shares of Common Stock. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, shall sell, enter into an
agreement to sell, or grant any option to purchase, or sell or grant any right to reprice, or otherwise dispose of or issue (or announce
any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition) any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, but excluding any
Excluded Securities, at an effective price per share less than the Exercise Price then in effect (such lower price, the Base
Share Price and such issuances collectively, a Dilutive Issuance) (it being understood and agreed that
if the holder of the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments,
reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which
are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share that is less
than the Exercise Price, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Exercise Price on such date of the Dilutive
Issuance at such effective price), then simultaneously with the consummation (or, if earlier, the announcement) of each Dilutive Issuance
the Exercise Price shall be reduced and only reduced to equal the Base Share Price.

7

(c) Other
Events. In the event that the Company (or any Subsidiary (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement)) shall take any action
to which the provisions hereof are not strictly applicable, or, if applicable, would not operate to protect the Holder from dilution or
if any event occurs of the type contemplated by the provisions of this Section 2 but not expressly provided for by such provisions
(including, without limitation, the granting of stock appreciation rights, phantom stock rights or other rights with equity features),
then the Companys board of directors shall in good faith determine and implement an appropriate adjustment in the Exercise Price
and the number of Warrant Shares (if applicable) so as to protect the rights of the Holder, provided that no such adjustment pursuant
to this Section 2 will increase the Exercise Price or decrease the number of Warrant Shares as otherwise determined pursuant to this
Section 2(c), provided further that if the Holder does not accept such adjustments as appropriately protecting its interests hereunder
against such dilution, then the Companys board of directors and the Holder shall agree, in good faith, upon an independent investment
bank of nationally recognized standing to make such appropriate adjustments, whose determination shall be final and binding absent manifest
error and whose fees and expenses shall be borne by the Company.

(d) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 2 shall be made by rounding to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as applicable.
The number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any given time shall not include shares owned or held by or for the account of the
Company, and the disposition of any such shares shall be considered an issuance or sale of shares of Common Stock.

(e) Voluntary
Adjustment By Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Principal Market, the Company may at any time during the term
of this Warrant reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the board of directors
of the Company.

3. RIGHTS
UPON DISTRIBUTION OF ASSETS. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 2 above or Section 4 below, if the
Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares
of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities,
property, options, evidence of indebtedness or any other assets by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement,
scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant,
then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have
participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without
regard to any limitations or restrictions on exercise of this Warrant, including without limitation, the Maximum Percentage) immediately
before the date on which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders
of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, that to the extent that
the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding
the Maximum Percentage, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the extent of the Maximum Percentage
(and shall not be entitled to beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution (and beneficial ownership)
to the extent of any such excess) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such
time or times, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage,
at which time or times the Holder shall be granted such Distribution (and any Distributions declared or made on such initial Distribution
or on any subsequent Distribution held similarly in abeyance) to the same extent as if there had been no such limitation).

8

4. PURCHASE
RIGHTS; FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTIONS.

(a) Purchase
Rights. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Sections 2 or 3 above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells
any Options, Convertible Securities or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders
of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the
terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the
number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations or restrictions
on exercise of this Warrant, including without limitation, the Maximum Percentage) immediately before the date on which a record is taken
for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares
of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that to
the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder and the other Attribution
Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to the extent of
the Maximum Percentage (and shall not be entitled to beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase
Right (and beneficial ownership) to the extent of any such excess) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for
the benefit of the Holder until such time or times, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder and the other Attribution
Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, at which time or times the Holder shall be granted such right (and any Purchase Right granted,
issued or sold on such initial Purchase Right or on any subsequent Purchase Right held similarly in abeyance) to the same extent as if
there had been no such limitation).

9

(b) Fundamental
Transactions. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company (and all of its Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole), directly or indirectly effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all
or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, except to the extent subject to an adjustment pursuant
to Section 2, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another
Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of shares of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other
securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or 50% or more
of the voting power of the Common Stock of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which
the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly
or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without
limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby
such other Person or group acquires 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the Common
Stock of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that the term Fundamental Transaction
shall not include any transaction contemplated by that certain Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 20, 2024, as may be
amended, between the Company and CompuSystems, Inc.), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the
right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such
Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 1(f) on the exercise of this
Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation,
and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental
Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental
Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 1(f) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise,
the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of
Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion
the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components
of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of shares of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be
received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon
any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental
Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holders option, exercisable at any time concurrently
with, or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later, the date of the public announcement of the
applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by paying to the Holder an amount of cash equal to the Black
Scholes Value of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however,
that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not within the Company's control, including not approved by the Company's Board of Directors,
the Holder shall only be entitled to receive from the Company or any Successor Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in the
same proportion), at the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders
of Common Stock of the Company in connection with the Fundamental Transaction, whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock
or any combination thereof, or whether the holders of Common Stock are given the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration
in connection with the Fundamental Transaction; provided, further, that if holders of Common Stock of the Company
are not offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction, such holders of Common Stock will be deemed to have received
common stock of the Successor Entity (which Successor Entity may be the Company following such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental
Transaction. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds (or such other consideration)
within the later of (i) five Business Days of the Holders election and (ii) the date of consummation of the Fundamental
Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the
Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant in accordance
with the provisions of this Section 4(b) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder,
deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially
similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor
Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without
regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies
the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock
pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such
exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental
Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction,
the Successor Entity shall be added to the term Company under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction, each and every provision of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company
shall refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor Entity
or Successor Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto and the
Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant with the same
effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had been named as the Company herein.

10

(c) [Reserved].

(d) Application.
The provisions of this Section 4 shall apply similarly and equally to successive Fundamental Transactions and shall be applied as
if this Warrant (and any such subsequent warrants) were fully exercisable and without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this
Warrant (provided that the Holder shall continue to be entitled to the benefit of the Maximum Percentage, applied however with
respect to shares of capital stock registered under the 1934 Act and thereafter receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (or any such
other warrant)).

5. NONCIRCUMVENTION.
The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, Bylaws,
as amended, or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issuance or
sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant,
and will at all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Warrant and take all action as may be required to protect the
rights of the Holder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (a) shall not increase the par value of any shares
of Common Stock receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect, and (b) shall take all such
actions as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares
of Common Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant.

11

6. WARRANT
HOLDER NOT DEEMED A STOCKHOLDER. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, the Holder, solely in its capacity as a
holder of this Warrant, shall not be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of share capital of the Company for
any purpose, nor shall anything contained in this Warrant be construed to confer upon the Holder, solely in its capacity as the Holder
of this Warrant, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote, give or withhold consent to any corporate action
(whether any reorganization, issue of stock, reclassification of stock, consolidation, merger, conveyance or otherwise), receive notice
of meetings, receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, prior to the issuance to the Holder of the Warrant Shares which it
is then entitled to receive upon the due exercise of this Warrant. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as
imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise) or as a stockholder of
the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. Notwithstanding this Section 6,
the Company shall provide the Holder with copies of the same notices and other information given to the stockholders of the Company generally,
contemporaneously with the giving thereof to the stockholders.

7. REISSUANCE
OF WARRANTS.

(a) Transfer
of Warrant. If this Warrant is to be transferred, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company, whereupon the Company will
forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 7(d)), registered as the Holder
may request, representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares being transferred by the Holder and, if less than the total
number of Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant is being transferred, a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 7(d)) to the
Holder representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares not being transferred.

(b) Lost,
Stolen or Mutilated Warrant. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction
or mutilation of this Warrant (as to which a written certification and the indemnification contemplated below shall suffice as such evidence),
and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company in customary and reasonable
form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Warrant, the Company shall execute and deliver to the Holder
a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 7(d)) representing the right to purchase the Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant.

(c) Exchangeable
for Multiple Warrants. This Warrant is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal office of the Company,
for a new Warrant or Warrants (in accordance with Section 7(d)) representing in the aggregate the right to purchase the number of
Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant, and each such new Warrant will represent the right to purchase such portion of such Warrant
Shares as is designated by the Holder at the time of such surrender; provided, however, no warrants for fractional shares of Common Stock
shall be given.

12

(d) Issuance
of New Warrants. Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, such new Warrant (i) shall
be of like tenor with this Warrant, (ii) shall represent, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant, the right to purchase the
Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant (or in the case of a new Warrant being issued pursuant to Section 7(a) or Section 7(c),
the Warrant Shares designated by the Holder which, when added to the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the other new Warrants
issued in connection with such issuance, does not exceed the number of Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant), (iii) shall
have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant which is the same as the Issuance Date, and (iv) shall have the
same terms, rights and conditions as this Warrant.

8. NOTICES.
Whenever notice is required to be given under this Warrant, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given in accordance
with Section 5.4 of the Securities Purchase Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written notice of all actions
taken pursuant to this Warrant (other than the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise in accordance with the terms hereof),
including in reasonable detail a description of such action and the reason therefor. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
the Company will give written notice to the Holder (i) immediately upon each adjustment of the Exercise Price and the number of Warrant
Shares, setting forth in reasonable detail, and certifying, the calculation of such adjustment(s), (ii) at least fifteen (15) days
prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend or distribution upon the
shares of Common Stock, (B) with respect to any grants, issuances or sales of any Options, Convertible Securities or rights to purchase
stock, warrants, securities or other property to holders of shares of Common Stock or (C) for determining rights to vote with respect
to any Fundamental Transaction, dissolution or liquidation, provided in each case that such information shall be made known to the public
prior to or in conjunction with such notice being provided to the Holder, (iii) at least ten (10) Trading Days prior to the
consummation of any Fundamental Transaction and (iv) within one (1) Business Day of the occurrence of an Event of Default (as
defined in the Notes), setting forth in reasonable detail any material events with respect to such Event of Default and any efforts by
the Company to cure such Event of Default. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public
information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the SEC pursuant
to a Current Report on Form 8-K. If the Company or any of its Subsidiaries provides material non-public information to the Holder
that is not simultaneously filed in a Current Report on Form 8-K and the Holder has not agreed to receive such material non-public
information, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Holder shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of
its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, affiliates or agents with respect to, or a duty to any of
the foregoing not to trade on the basis of, such material non-public information. It is expressly understood and agreed that the time
of execution specified by the Holder in each Exercise Notice shall be definitive and may not be disputed or challenged by the Company.

9. DISCLOSURE.
Upon delivery by the Company to the Holder (or receipt by the Company from the Holder) of any notice in accordance with the terms of this
Warrant, unless the Company has in good faith determined that the matters relating to such notice do not constitute material, non-public
information relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the Company shall on or prior to 9:00 am, New York city time on the Business
Day immediately following such notice delivery date, publicly disclose such material, non-public information on a Current Report on Form 8-K
or otherwise. In the event that the Company believes that a notice contains material, non-public information relating to the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries, the Company so shall indicate to the Holder explicitly in writing in such notice (or immediately upon receipt
of notice from the Holder, as applicable), and in the absence of any such written indication in such notice (or notification from the
Company immediately upon receipt of notice from the Holder), the Holder shall be entitled to presume that information contained in the
notice does not constitute material, non-public information relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Nothing contained in this
Section 9 shall limit any obligations of the Company, or any rights of the Holder, under Section 4.6 of the Securities Purchase
Agreement.

13

10. ABSENCE
OF TRADING AND DISCLOSURE RESTRICTIONS. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Holder is not a fiduciary or agent of the Company
and that the Holder shall have no obligation to (a) maintain the confidentiality of any information provided by the Company or (b) refrain
from trading any securities while in possession of such information in the absence of a written non-disclosure agreement signed by an
officer of the Holder that explicitly provides for such confidentiality and trading restrictions. In the absence of such an executed,
written non-disclosure agreement, the Company acknowledges that the Holder may freely trade in any securities issued by the Company, may
possess and use any information provided by the Company in connection with such trading activity, and may disclose any such information
to any third party.

11. AMENDMENT
AND WAIVER. Except as otherwise provided herein, the provisions of this Warrant (other than Section 1(f)) may be amended
and the Company may take any action herein prohibited, or omit to perform any act herein required to be performed by it, only if the Company
has obtained the written consent of the Holder. No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized representative
of the waiving party.

12. SEVERABILITY.
If any provision of this Warrant is prohibited by law or otherwise determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction,
the provision that would otherwise be prohibited, invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed amended to apply to the broadest extent that
it would be valid and enforceable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining
provisions of this Warrant so long as this Warrant as so modified continues to express, without material change, the original intentions
of the parties as to the subject matter hereof and the prohibited nature, invalidity or unenforceability of the provision(s) in question
does not substantially impair the respective expectations or reciprocal obligations of the parties or the practical realization of the
benefits that would otherwise be conferred upon the parties. The parties will endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the prohibited,
invalid or unenforceable provision(s) with a valid provision(s), the effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the prohibited,
invalid or unenforceable provision(s).

13. GOVERNING
LAW. This Warrant shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction,
validity, interpretation and performance of this Warrant shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without giving
effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdictions) that
would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Delaware. The Company hereby irrevocably waives personal
service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to the Company
at the address set forth in Section 5.4 of the Securities Purchase Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and
sufficient service of process and notice thereof. The Company hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and
federal courts sitting in the State of Delaware, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction
contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any
claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient
forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any
right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed or operate to preclude the Holder from
bringing suit or taking other legal action against the Company in any other jurisdiction to collect on the Companys obligations
to the Holder, to realize on any collateral or any other security for such obligations, or to enforce a judgment or other court ruling
in favor of the Holder. THE COMPANY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL
FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS WARRANT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

14

14. CONSTRUCTION;
HEADINGS. This Warrant shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Holder and shall not be construed against
any Person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Warrant are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect
the interpretation of, this Warrant. Terms used in this Warrant but defined in the other Transaction Documents shall have the meanings
ascribed to such terms on each Closing Date (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) in such other Transaction Documents unless
otherwise consented to in writing by the Holder.

15. DISPUTE
RESOLUTION.

(a) Submission
to Dispute Resolution.

(i) In
the case of a dispute relating to the Exercise Price, the Closing Sale Price, the Bid Price, Black Scholes Value or fair market value
or the arithmetic calculation of the number of Warrant Shares (as the case may be) (including, without limitation, a dispute relating
to the determination of any of the foregoing), the Company or the Holder (as the case may be) shall submit the dispute to the other party
via facsimile (A) if by the Company, within two (2) Business Days after the occurrence of the circumstances giving rise to such
dispute or (B) if by the Holder, at any time after the Holder learned of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute. If the Holder
and the Company are unable to promptly resolve such dispute relating to such Exercise Price, such Closing Sale Price, such Bid Price,
such Black Scholes Value or such fair market value or such arithmetic calculation of the number of Warrant Shares (as the case may be),
at any time after the second (2nd) Business Day following such initial notice by the Company or the Holder (as the case may
be) of such dispute to the Company or the Holder (as the case may be), then the Holder may, at its sole option, select an independent,
reputable investment bank to resolve such dispute.

15

(ii) The
Holder and the Company shall each deliver to such investment bank (A) a copy of the initial dispute submission so delivered in accordance
with the first sentence of this Section 15 and (B) written documentation supporting its position with respect to such dispute,
in each case, no later than 5:00 p.m. (New York time) by the fifth (5th) Business Day immediately following the date on
which the Holder selected such investment bank (the Dispute Submission Deadline) (the documents referred to in the
immediately preceding clauses (A) and (B) are collectively referred to herein as the Required Dispute Documentation)
(it being understood and agreed that if either the Holder or the Company fails to so deliver all of the Required Dispute Documentation
by the Dispute Submission Deadline, then the party who fails to so submit all of the Required Dispute Documentation shall no longer be
entitled to (and hereby waives its right to) deliver or submit any written documentation or other support to such investment bank with
respect to such dispute and such investment bank shall resolve such dispute based solely on the Required Dispute Documentation that was
delivered to such investment bank prior to the Dispute Submission Deadline). Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by both the Company
and the Holder or otherwise requested by such investment bank, neither the Company nor the Holder shall be entitled to deliver or submit
any written documentation or other support to such investment bank in connection with such dispute (other than the Required Dispute Documentation).

(iii) The
Company and the Holder shall cause such investment bank to determine the resolution of such dispute and notify the Company and the Holder
of such resolution no later than ten (10) Business Days immediately following the Dispute Submission Deadline. The fees and expenses
of such investment bank shall be borne solely by the Company, and such investment banks resolution of such dispute shall be final
and binding upon all parties absent manifest error.

(b) Miscellaneous.
The Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) this Section 15 constitutes an agreement to arbitrate between the Company
and the Holder (and constitutes an arbitration agreement) under the rules then in effect under 7501, et seq. of the New York
Civil Practice Law and Rules (CPLR) and that the Holder is authorized to apply for an order to compel arbitration
pursuant to CPLR 7503(a) in order to compel compliance with this Section 15, (ii) a dispute relating to the Exercise
Price includes, without limitation, disputes as to (A) whether an issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale of shares of Common
Stock occurred under Section 2(b), (B) the consideration per share at which an issuance or deemed issuance of shares of Common
Stock occurred, (C) whether any issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale of shares of Common Stock was an issuance or sale or
deemed issuance or sale of Excluded Securities, (D) whether an agreement, instrument, security or the like constitutes and Option
or Convertible Security and (E) whether a Dilutive Issuance occurred, (iii) the terms of this Warrant and each other applicable
Transaction Document shall serve as the basis for the selected investment banks resolution of the applicable dispute, such investment
bank shall be entitled (and is hereby expressly authorized) to make all findings, determinations and the like that such investment bank
determines are required to be made by such investment bank in connection with its resolution of such dispute (including, without limitation,
determining (A) whether an issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale of shares of Common Stock occurred under Section 2(b),
(B) the consideration per share at which an issuance or deemed issuance of shares of Common Stock occurred, (C) whether any
issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale of shares of Common Stock was an issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale of Excluded Securities,
(D) whether an agreement, instrument, security or the like constitutes and Option or Convertible Security and (E) whether a
Dilutive Issuance occurred) and in resolving such dispute such investment bank shall apply such findings, determinations and the like
to the terms of this Warrant and any other applicable Transaction Documents, (iv) the Holder (and only the Holder), in its sole discretion,
shall have the right to submit any dispute described in this Section 15 to any state or federal court sitting in the State of Delaware
in lieu of utilizing the procedures set forth in this Section 15 and (v) nothing in this Section 15 shall limit the Holder
from obtaining any injunctive relief or other equitable remedies (including, without limitation, with respect to any matters described
in this Section 15).

16

16. REMEDIES,
CHARACTERIZATION, OTHER OBLIGATIONS, BREACHES AND INJUNCTIVE RELIEF. The remedies provided in this Warrant shall be cumulative
and in addition to all other remedies available under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents, at law or in equity (including
a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit the right of the Holder to pursue actual
and consequential damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Warrant. The Company covenants to the Holder
that there shall be no characterization concerning this instrument other than as expressly provided herein. Amounts set forth or provided
for herein with respect to payments, exercises and the like (and the computation thereof) shall be the amounts to be received by the Holder
and shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any other obligation of the Company (or the performance thereof). The
Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder and that the remedy at
law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore agrees that, in the event of any such breach or threatened breach, the
holder of this Warrant shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to specific performance and/or temporary, preliminary
and permanent injunctive or other equitable relief from any court of competent jurisdiction in any such case without the necessity of
proving actual damages and without posting a bond or other security. The Company shall provide all information and documentation to the
Holder that is requested by the Holder to enable the Holder to confirm the Companys compliance with the terms and conditions of
this Warrant (including, without limitation, compliance with Section 2 hereof). The issuance of shares and certificates for shares
as contemplated hereby upon the exercise of this Warrant shall be made without charge to the Holder or such shares for any issuance tax
or other costs in respect thereof, provided that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of any
transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of any certificate in a name other than the Holder or its agent on its behalf.

17. PAYMENT
OF COLLECTION, ENFORCEMENT AND OTHER COSTS. If (a) this Warrant is placed in the hands of an attorney for collection or
enforcement or is collected or enforced through any legal proceeding or the holder otherwise takes action to collect amounts due under
this Warrant or to enforce the provisions of this Warrant or (b) there occurs any bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership of the
Company or other proceedings affecting Company creditors rights and involving a claim under this Warrant, then the Company shall
pay the costs incurred by the Holder for such collection, enforcement or action or in connection with such bankruptcy, reorganization,
receivership or other proceeding, including, without limitation, attorneys fees and disbursements.

17

18. TRANSFER.
This Warrant may be offered for sale, sold, transferred or assigned without the consent of the Company, except as may otherwise be required
by Section 4.1 of the Securities Purchase Agreement.

19. CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS. For purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a) 1934
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

(b) Affiliate
means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control
with, such Person, it being understood for purposes of this definition that control of a Person means the power directly
or indirectly either to vote 10% or more of the stock having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of such Person or direct
or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by contract or otherwise.

(c) Attribution
Parties means, collectively, the following Persons and entities: (i) any investment vehicle, including, any funds, feeder
funds or managed accounts, currently, or from time to time after the Issuance Date, directly or indirectly managed or advised by the Holders
investment manager or any of its Affiliates or principals, (ii) any direct or indirect Affiliates of the Holder or any of the foregoing,
(iii) any Person acting or who could be deemed to be acting as a Group together with the Holder or any of the foregoing and (iv) any
other Persons whose beneficial ownership of the Companys shares of Common Stock would or could be aggregated with the Holders
and the other Attribution Parties for purposes of Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act. For clarity, the purpose of the foregoing is
to subject collectively the Holder and all other Attribution Parties to the Maximum Percentage.

(d) Bid
Price means, for any security as of the particular time of determination, the bid price for such security on the Principal
Market as reported by Bloomberg as of such time of determination, or, if the Principal Market is not the principal securities exchange
or trading market for such security, the bid price of such security on the principal securities exchange or trading market where such
security is listed or traded as reported by Bloomberg as of such time of determination, or if the foregoing does not apply, the bid price
of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security as reported by Bloomberg as of such
time of determination, or, if no bid price is reported for such security by Bloomberg as of such time of determination, the average of
the bid prices of any market makers for such security as reported in The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding
to its functions of reporting prices) as of such time of determination. If the Bid Price cannot be calculated for a security as of the
particular time of determination on any of the foregoing bases, the Bid Price of such security as of such time of determination shall
be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. If the Company and the Holder are unable to agree upon
the fair market value of such security, then such dispute shall be resolved in accordance with the procedures in Section 15. All
such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination or other similar transaction
during such period.

18

(e) Black
Scholes Value means the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV
function on Bloomberg determined as of the day of consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting
(A) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public
announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Expiration Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to
100%, (C) the underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the sum of the price per share being offered in cash,
if any, plus the value of any non-cash consideration, if any, being offered in such Fundamental Transaction, (D) a remaining option
time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Expiration
Date and (E) a zero cost of borrow.

(f) Bloomberg
means Bloomberg, L.P.

(g) Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial
banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place,
non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations
at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial
banks in The City of New York generally are open for use by customers on such day.

(h) Closing
Date shall have the meaning set for the Securities Purchase Agreement.

(i) Closing
Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, the last closing trade price for such security on the Principal Market,
as reported by Bloomberg, or, if the Principal Market begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate the closing
trade price, then the last trade price of such security prior to 4:00:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if the Principal
Market is not the principal securities exchange or trading market for such security, the last trade price of such security on the principal
securities exchange or trading market where such security is listed or traded as reported by Bloomberg, or if the foregoing does not apply,
the last trade price of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security as reported by
Bloomberg, or, if no last trade price is reported for such security by Bloomberg, the average of the ask prices of any market makers for
such security as reported in The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices).
If the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Sale Price
of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. If the Company and
the Holder are unable to agree upon the fair market value of such security, then such dispute shall be resolved in accordance with the
procedures in Section 15. All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination
or other similar transaction during such period.

(j) Common
Stock means the shares of Common Stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into
which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

19

(k) Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

(l) Convertible
Securities means any stock or other security (other than Options) that is at any time and under any circumstances, directly
or indirectly, convertible into, exercisable or exchangeable for, or which otherwise entitles the holder thereof to acquire, any shares
of Common Stock.

(m) Excluded
Securities means (a) the Warrant Shares issuable hereunder, the Notes, and any shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of the Notes; (b) shares of Common Stock, restricted stock units or options to employees, officers, directors, consultants and investor
relation agencies of the Company pursuant to the Companys equity incentive plans or pursuant to compensation agreements authorized
by the Board of Directors; provided, however, that any such issuances to consultants and investor relation agencies shall be limited to
1,250,000 shares in the aggregate; (c) securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of securities exercisable or exchangeable
for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the Issuance Date, provided that such securities have not been
amended since the Issuance Date to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion
price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or stock combinations) or to extend the term of such securities;
(d) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions and the payment of contractor invoices in the ordinary course
of business approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided that (i) such securities are issued as
restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of
any registration statement in connection therewith, (ii) such securities do not contain any provisions permitting to increase the
number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities or contain any other
resets or other adjustment provisions (other than in connection with stock splits, stock combinations or any securities issued pursuant
to that certain Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 20, 2024, as may be amended, between the Company and CompuSystems, Inc.,
provided that such securities have not been amended since the date that the forms thereof were filed with the SEC as exhibits to the Companys
Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 26, 2024 to increase the number of such securities or to decrease
the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price or to add any other resets or other like adjustment provisions), and (iii) such
issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company
or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits
in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the
purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities; and (e) securities issued as restricted
securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration
statement in connection therewith; provided that such securities do not contain any provisions permitting to increase the number of such
securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities or contain any other resets or other
adjustment provisions (other than in connection with stock splits or stock combinations).

20

(n) Expiration
Date means the date that is the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Stockholder Approval Date or, if such date falls
on a day other than a Trading Day or on which trading does not take place on the Principal Market (a Holiday), the
next date that is not a Holiday.

(o) Fundamental
Transaction has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4(b) of this Warrant.

(p) Group
means a group as that term is used in Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act and as defined in Rule 13d-5 thereunder.

(q) Notes
has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Securities Purchase Agreement, and shall include all notes issued in exchange therefor or
replacement thereof.

(r) Options
means any rights, warrants or options to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

(s) Person
means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization,
any other entity or a government or any department or agency thereof.

(t) Principal
Market means the Nasdaq Capital Market.

(u) SEC
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or the successor thereto.

(v) Stockholder
Approval Date means the date that is 20 calendar days after the mailing by the Company of a Definitive Information Statement
on Schedule 14(c) with respect to approval, by written consent of the stockholders of the Company, of the issuance of the Warrant
Shares.

(w) Successor
Entity has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4(b) of this Warrant.

(x) Trading
Day means, as applicable, (x) with respect to all price or trading volume determinations relating to the shares of Common
Stock, any day on which the shares of Common Stock are traded on the Principal Market, or, if the Principal Market is not the principal
trading market for the shares of Common Stock, then on the principal securities exchange or securities market on which the shares of Common
Stock are then traded, provided that Trading Day shall not include any day on which the shares of Common Stock are scheduled
to trade on such exchange or market for less than 4.5 hours or any day that the shares of Common Stock are suspended from trading during
the final hour of trading on such exchange or market (or if such exchange or market does not designate in advance the closing time of
trading on such exchange or market, then during the hour ending at 4:00:00 p.m., New York time) unless such day is otherwise designated
as a Trading Day in writing by the Holder or (y) with respect to all determinations other than price or trading volume determinations
relating to the shares of Common Stock, any day on which The New York Stock Exchange (or any successor thereto) is open for trading of
securities.

21

(y) VWAP
means, for any security as of any date, the dollar volume-weighted average price for such security on the Principal Market (or, if the
Principal Market is not the principal trading market for such security, then on the principal securities exchange or securities market
on which such security is then traded), during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00 p.m., New York time,
as reported by Bloomberg through its VAP function (set to 09:30 start time and 16:00 end time) or, if the foregoing does
not apply, the dollar volume-weighted average price of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for
such security during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg,
or, if no dollar volume-weighted average price is reported for such security by Bloomberg for such hours, the average of the highest closing
bid price and the lowest closing ask price of any of the market makers for such security as reported in The Pink Open Market (or a similar
organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices). If the VWAP cannot be calculated for such security on such date
on any of the foregoing bases, the VWAP of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company
and the Holder. If the Company and the Holder are unable to agree upon the fair market value of such security, then such dispute shall
be resolved in accordance with the procedures in Section 15. All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock
dividend, stock split, stock combination, recapitalization or other similar transaction during such period.

[signature page follows]

22

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to Purchase Shares of Common Stock to be duly executed as of the Issuance
Date set out above.

DATAVAULT AI INC.

By: 

Name: Nathaniel Bradley

Title: Chief Executive Officer

EXHIBIT A

EXERCISE
NOTICE

TO
BE EXECUTED BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER TO EXERCISE THIS

WARRANT TO PURCHASE shares of COMMON STOCK

DATAVAULT AI INC.

The undersigned holder hereby
elects to exercise the Warrant to Purchase Shares of Common Stock (the Warrant) of Datavault AI Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company), as specified below. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have
the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant.

1. Form of
Exercise Price. The Holder intends that payment of the Aggregate Exercise Price shall be made as:

a Cash Exercise
with respect to _________________ Warrant Shares; and/or

a Cashless Exercise
with respect to _______________ Warrant Shares.

In the event that the Holder
has elected a Cashless Exercise with respect to some or all of the Warrant Shares to be issued pursuant hereto, the Holder hereby represents
and warrants that (i) this Exercise Notice was executed by the Holder at __________ [a.m.][p.m.] on the date set forth below and
(ii) if applicable, the Bid Price as of such time of execution of this Exercise Notice was $________.

2. Payment
of Exercise Price. In the event that the Holder has elected a Cash Exercise with respect to some or all of the Warrant Shares to be
issued pursuant hereto, the Holder shall pay the Aggregate Exercise Price in the sum of $___________________ to the Company in accordance
with the terms of the Warrant.

3. Delivery
of Warrant Shares. The Company shall deliver to Holder, or its designee or agent as specified below, __________ shares of Common Stock
in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. Delivery shall be made to Holder, or for its benefit, as follows:

Check here if requesting delivery as a certificate to the following
name and to the following address:

Issue to: 

Check here if requesting delivery by Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian as follows:

DTC Participant: 

DTC Number: 

Account Number: 

Date: _____________ __, ____ 

Name of Registered Holder 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Tax ID: 

E-mail Address: 

EXHIBIT B

ACKNOWLEDGMENT

The Company hereby acknowledges
this Exercise Notice and hereby directs ______________ to issue the above indicated number of shares of Common Stock in accordance with
the Transfer Agent Instructions dated _________, 202_, from the Company and acknowledged and agreed to by _______________.

DATAVAULT AI INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm2510880d2_ex5-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 5.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

March 31, 2025

Datavault AI Inc.

15268 NW Greenbrier Pkwy

Beaverton, Oregon 97006

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as counsel to Datavault AI, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the Company), in connection with the offering of (i) senior secured convertible notes having an aggregate principal amount
of $5,555,555 (the Initial Note) and (ii) senior secured convertible notes having an aggregate principal amount of $11,111,110
(the Additional Notes, and together with the Initial Notes, the Notes) upon satisfaction of certain closing
conditions applicable to the Initial Notes and Additional Notes, respectively. The Notes are convertible into shares (the Conversion
Shares, and together with the Notes, the Securities) of common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share
(Common Stock) at an initial conversion price of $1.00 per share, which conversion price is subject to adjustment in accordance
with the terms of the Notes.

The Securities are being sold pursuant to a prospectus supplement,
dated March 31, 2025, and the accompanying base prospectus (together, the Prospectus) that form a part of the Companys
Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-267211) (the Registration Statement), originally filed by the Company with
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), on September 1, 2022, and declared effective by the Commission on September 13, 2022, in accordance with the Securities Purchase
Agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement) dated as of March 31, 2025, by and among the Company and certain investors
party thereto and a certain placement agency agreement (the Placement Agency Agreement), dated as of March 31, 2025, by
and between the Company and Maxim Group LLC.

This opinion is being furnished in accordance with the requirements
of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Act.

As counsel to the Company in connection with the issuance and sale
of the Securities we have examined: (i) the Companys certificate of incorporation, as amended, and bylaws, both as currently in
effect; (ii) certain resolutions of the board of directors relating to the issuance and sale of the Securities; (iii) the Placement Agency
Agreement; (iv) Securities Purchase Agreement; (v) the Notes; (vi) the Prospectus and the Registration Statement; and (vii) such other
proceedings, documents, and records as we have deemed necessary to enable us to render this opinion. In all such examinations, we have
assumed the genuineness of all signatures, the authenticity of all documents, certificates, and instruments submitted to us as originals,
and the conformity with the originals of all documents, certificates, and instruments submitted to us as copies. We have also assumed
the due execution and delivery of all documents where due execution and delivery are prerequisite to the effectiveness thereof.

Our opinions expressed herein are subject to the following qualifications
and exceptions: (i) the effect of bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, arrangement, moratorium, or other similar laws relating to or
affecting the rights of creditors generally, including, without limitation, laws relating to fraudulent transfers or conveyances, preferences,
and equitable subordination; (ii) the effect of general principles of equity, including, without limitation, concepts of materiality,
reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing (regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law); and (iii) we render
no opinion as to the effect of the laws of any state or jurisdiction other than the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware and
the laws of the State of New York. 

Based upon and subject to the foregoing, it is our opinion that (i)
the Notes, when issued and sold in accordance with the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, will
be valid and binding obligations of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, and (ii) the Conversion
Shares have been duly authorized for issuance, and when issued and delivered in accordance with the Securities Purchase Agreement, the
Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Notes, the Conversion Shares will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

This opinion is given as of the date hereof and we assume no obligation
to advise you of changes that may thereafter be brought to our attention.

We hereby consent to the reference to our firm under the caption Legal
Matters in the Prospectus, which forms a part of the Registration Statement and to the filing of this opinion with the Commission
as an exhibit to a Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Commission. In giving this consent, we do not thereby admit
that we are experts within the meaning of Section 11 of the Securities Act or included in the category of persons whose consent is required
under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Sullivan & Worcester LLP

Sullivan & Worcester LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm2510880d2_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Securities Purchase Agreement
(this Agreement) is dated as of March 31, 2025, among Datavault AI Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including its successors and assigns, a Purchaser
and collectively, the Purchasers), and [],
as collateral agent for the Purchasers (Agent).

WHEREAS,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to (i) an effective registration statement under the
Securities Act (as defined below) as to the Notes and the Conversion Shares (each as defined below) and (ii) an exemption from the
registration requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act contained in Section 4(a)(2) thereof and/or Regulation D promulgated
thereunder as to the Warrants and Warrant Shares (each as defined below), the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and
each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in
this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement: (a) capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined herein have the
meanings given to such terms in the Notes, and (b) the following terms have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring
Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.7.

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Additional
Closing means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Additional Notes and the Additional Warrants pursuant to Section 2.2.

Additional
Closing Date means the Trading Day in which all conditions precedent set forth in Section 2.3(b) and 2.4(b) to
(i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount for the Additional Notes and the Additional Warrants and (ii) the
Companys obligations to deliver the Additional Notes and the Additional Warrants, in each case, have been satisfied or waived.

Additional
Notes means the Senior Secured Convertible Notes, issued by the Company to the Purchasers hereunder on the Additional Closing
Date, in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto.

Additional
Warrants means, collectively, the Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Additional Closing in accordance
with Section 2.4(a) hereof, which Additional Warrants shall be exercisable immediately upon issuance and have a term of exercise
equal to five (5) years from the date of issuance, in the form of Exhibit C attached hereto.

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Agent
Indemnitees shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 5.24.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company or any duly authorized committee thereof.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized
or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally
open for use by customers on such day.

Closing
means each of the Initial Closing and the Additional Closing.

Closing
Date means each of the Initial Closing Date and the Additional Closing Date.

Code
means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company
Counsel means Sullivan & Worcester LLP with offices located at 1251 Avenue of the Americas, 19th Floor, New York,
New York 10020.

Conversion
Price shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Notes.

Conversion
Shares means the shares of Common Stock issued and issuable pursuant to the terms of the Notes, without respect to any limitation
or restriction on the conversion of the Notes.

2

Disclosure
Schedules shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.

Disclosure
Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City
time) and before midnight (New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately
following the date hereof, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between midnight (New York City time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York
City time) on any Trading Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the date hereof.

Evaluation
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(s).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exempt
Issuance means (a) the Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, the Notes, and any shares of Common Stock
issuable upon conversion of the Notes; (b) shares of Common Stock, restricted stock units or options to employees, officers, directors,
consultants and investor relation agencies of the Company pursuant to the Companys equity incentive plans or pursuant to compensation
agreements authorized by the Board of Directors; provided, however, that any such issuances to consultants and investor relation agencies
shall be limited to 1,250,000 shares in the aggregate; (c) securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of securities
exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date hereof, provided that such
securities have not been amended since the date hereof to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange
price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits, combinations or pre-existing anti-dilution provisions,
and other than in respect of securities subject to one-time price resets as authorized by the Companys stockholders and/or Board
or Directors) or to extend the term of such securities; (d) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions
and the payment of contractor invoices in the ordinary course of business approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the
Company, provided that (i) such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry
no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith, (ii) such securities
do not contain any provisions permitting to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or
conversion price of such securities or contain any other resets or other adjustment provisions (other than in connection with stock splits,
stock combinations or any securities issued pursuant to that certain Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 20, 2024, as
may be amended, between the Company and CompuSystems, Inc., provided that such securities have not been amended since the date that
the forms thereof were filed with the SEC as exhibits to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 26,
2024 to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price or to add any other
resets or other like adjustment provisions), and (iii) such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person)
which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business
of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction
in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing
in securities; and (e) securities issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration
rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith; provided that such securities do not contain
any provisions permitting to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price
of such securities or contain any other resets or other adjustment provisions (other than in connection with stock splits or stock combinations).

3

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

GAAP
means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States in effect from time to time, consistently applied; provided that notwithstanding
anything in any Transaction Document to the contrary, for purposes of all definitions and covenants under the Transaction Documents, any
obligations of a Person in respect of leases that would have been treated as operating leases, or are exempt from application under an
available practical expedient, in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 840 (regardless of whether or not then in effect)
shall be treated as operating leases for purposes of all financial definitions, calculations and covenants, without giving effect to Accounting
Standards Codification 842 requiring operating leases to be recharacterized or treated as capital leases.

Indebtedness
of a Person shall include (a) all obligations for borrowed money or the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding
trade credit and accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (b) all obligations evidenced by bonds, debentures,
notes, or other similar instruments and all reimbursement or other obligations in respect of letters of credit, surety bonds, bankers
acceptances, currency swap agreements, interest rate hedging agreements, interest rate swaps or other financial products, in each case,
to the extent the foregoing would appear on a balance sheet of such person as a liability, (c) all capital lease obligations (as
determined in accordance with GAAP), (d) all obligations or liabilities secured by a Lien on any asset of such Person, irrespective
of whether such obligation or liability is assumed by such Person, and (e) any obligation guaranteeing or intended to guarantee (whether
directly or indirectly guaranteed, endorsed, co-made, discounted or sold with recourse) any of the foregoing obligations of any other
Person.

Initial
Closing means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Initial Notes and the Initial Warrants pursuant to Section 2.1.

Initial
Closing Date means the Trading Day on which all conditions precedent set forth in Section 2.3(a) and 2.4(a) to
(i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount for the Initial Notes and the Initial Warrants and (ii) the
Companys obligations to deliver the Initial Notes and the Initial Warrants, in each case, have been satisfied or waived.

4

Initial
Notes means the Senior Secured Convertible Notes, issued by the Company to the Purchasers hereunder on the Initial Closing
Date, in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto.

Initial
Warrants means, collectively, the Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Initial Closing in accordance
with Section 2.3(a) hereof, which Initial Warrants shall be exercisable commencing on the effective date of the Nasdaq Stockholder
Approval and have a term of exercise equal to five (5) years from such effective date, in the form of Exhibit D attached
hereto.

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p).

Lead Investor
means [].

Legend
Removal Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.1(c).

Lien
means any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, hypothecation, assignment for security, security interest, encumbrance, levy, lien or charge
of any kind, whether voluntarily incurred or arising by operation of law or otherwise, against any property, any conditional sale or other
title retention agreement, and any lease in the nature of a security interest.

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Maximum
Rate shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 5.17.

Nasdaq
Stockholder Approval means the date that is 20 calendar days after the mailing by the Company of a Definitive Information Statement
on Schedule 14(c) with respect to approval, by written consent of the stockholders of the Company, of (i) the issuance of the
Underlying Shares and (ii) one-time reset, at the Companys option, of the exercise price of the common stock purchase warrants
held by the Purchasers that do not contain alternative cashless exercise features and are outstanding immediately prior
to the date of this Agreement.

Notes
means the Initial Notes and the Additional Notes.

Permitted
Lien shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Notes.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

5

Pledged
Securities means any and all certificates and other instruments representing or evidencing all of the capital stock and other
equity interests of the Companys Subsidiaries.

Principal
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the amounts set forth below such Purchasers signature block on the signature pages hereto
next to the headings Initial Note Principal Amount, and Additional Note Principal Amount, in each case, in
United States Dollars, which shall equal such Purchasers Subscription Amount, provided that the aggregate Principal Amount of all
Purchasers for the Initial Notes shall be $5,555,555 and an aggregate of $11,111,110 for the Additional Notes.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Prospectus
means the base prospectus filed with the Registration Statement, including all information, documents and exhibits filed with or incorporated
by reference into such prospectus.

Prospectus
Supplement means the supplement to the Prospectus complying with Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act, including all
information, documents and exhibits filed with or incorporated by reference into such prospectus supplement, that is filed with the Commission
and delivered by the Company to each Purchaser at each Closing.

Public
Information Failure shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.3(b).

Public
Information Failure Payments shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.3(b).

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.10.

Registration
Statement means the effective registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-267211) filed with the Commission,
including all information, documents and exhibits filed with or incorporated by reference into such registration statement, which registers
the issuance and sale of the Notes and the Conversion Shares to the Purchasers.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Required
Holders means, as of any time, the Purchasers holding a majority of the outstanding principal balance of the Notes at such
time.

Required
Minimum means, as of any date, the maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock then issued or potentially issuable in
the future pursuant to the Transaction Documents, including any Underlying Shares issuable upon conversion or exercise in full of all
Notes and Warrants, ignoring any conversion limits set forth therein.

6

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from
time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Rule 424
means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from
time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

SEC Reports
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities
means the Notes, the Warrants and the Underlying Shares.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Security
Agreement means the Security Agreement, dated the date hereof, among the Company, the Subsidiaries party thereto and the Agent,
in the form of Exhibit E attached hereto.

Security
Documents shall mean, collectively, the Security Agreement, the Subsidiary Guarantees, the original Pledged Securities, and
any other documents and filings required thereunder in order to grant the Purchasers a first priority security interest in the assets
of the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors as provided in the Security Agreement.

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not
be deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

Subscription
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for Notes and Warrants purchased hereunder as specified
below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount,
in United States dollars and in immediately available funds.

Subsidiary
means, as to any Person, a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity of which shares of stock or other ownership
interests having ordinary voting power (other than stock or such other ownership interests having such power only by reason of the happening
of a contingency) to elect a majority of the board of directors or other managers of such corporation, partnership or other entity are
at the time owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both,
by such Person. Unless otherwise qualified, all references to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries in the Transaction
Documents shall refer to a direct or indirect Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Company.

7

Subsidiary
Guarantee means the Subsidiary Guarantee, dated the date hereof, by the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto from time to time
in favor of the Purchasers, in the form of Exhibit F attached hereto.

Subsidiary
Guarantor shall mean each Subsidiary.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select
Market, OTCQB Venture Market or OTCQX Best Market and any successors to any of the foregoing.

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Notes, the Warrants, the Security Agreement, the Subsidiary Guarantees, all exhibits and
schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents or agreements executed by the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor in connection with
the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means VStock Transfer, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Underlying
Shares means the Conversion Shares and the Warrant Shares.

Variable
Rate Transaction shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.12(b).

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB Venture Market (OTCQB)
or OTCQX Best Market (OTCQX) is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such
date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading
on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market operated by OTC Markers, Inc. (or
a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock
so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the
Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Warrants
means the Initial Warrants and the Additional Warrants.

8

Warrant
Shares means the shares of Common Stock issued and issuable pursuant to the terms of the Warrants, without respect to any limitation
or restriction on the exercise of the Warrants.

ARTICLE II.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1 Initial
Closing. On the Initial Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with
the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally and not
jointly, agree to purchase, for an aggregate Subscription Amount of $5,000,000 the Initial Notes with an aggregate principal amount of
$5,555,555 and the Initial Warrants. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.3(a) and 2.4(a), the
Initial Closing shall take place remotely by electronic transfer of the Initial Closing documentation.

2.2 Additional
Closing. On the Additional Closing Date (if any), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees
to sell, and the Purchasers, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase, for an aggregate Subscription Amount of $10,000,000 the Additional
Notes with an aggregate principal amount of $11,111,110 and the Additional Warrants. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions
set forth in Sections 2.3(b) and 2.4(b), the Additional Closing shall take place remotely by electronic transfer of the Additional
Closing documentation.

2.3 Deliveries.

(a) Initial
Closing.

(i) On or prior to the Initial Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser
the following:

i. this Agreement duly executed by the Company;

ii. an ink-original Initial Note with a principal amount equal to such Purchasers Initial Note Principal
Amount, registered in the name of such Purchaser, provided that such ink-original Initial Note may be delivered promptly after such Initial
Closing by the Company, in which case the Company will provide an electronically signed version of the Initial Note on or prior to the
Initial Closing Date;

iii. an ink-original Initial Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase the number shares
of Common Stock as set forth below such Purchasers signature block on the signature pages hereto next to the heading Initial
Warrant Shares, provided that such ink-original Initial Warrant may be delivered promptly after such Initial Closing by the Company,
in which case the Company will provide an electronically signed version of the Initial Warrant on or prior to the Initial Closing Date;

9

iv. the Security Agreement duly executed by the Company, along with all of the Security Documents, including
the Subsidiary Guarantee, duly executed by each Subsidiary Guarantor, the Pledged Securities and corresponding stock powers;

v. on the date hereof, the duly executed Shareholder Consent;

vi. the Companys wire instructions, on Company letterhead and executed by the Chief Executive Officer
or Chief Financial Officer;

vii. a legal opinion of Company Counsel, directed to the Purchasers, in form and substance reasonably acceptable
to the Purchasers;

viii. a certificate, executed on behalf of the Company and each of the Subsidiary Guarantors, dated as of the
Initial Closing Date, certifying the resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company, approving the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as applicable, certifying the current versions of the Companys certificate
or articles of incorporation and bylaws and certifying as to the signatures and authority of Persons signing this Agreement and the other
Transaction Documents, as applicable, and related documents on behalf of the Company;

ix. a certificate, executed on behalf of the Company by its Chief Executive Officer or its Chief Financial
Officer, dated as of the Initial Closing Date, certifying to the fulfillment of the conditions specified in Section 2.4(a)(ii); and

x. the Prospectus and Prospectus Supplement (which may be delivered in accordance with Rule 172 under
the Securities Act).

(ii) On or prior to the Initial Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the
Company, as applicable, the following:

i. immediately available funds, via wire transfer, equal to such Purchasers Subscription Amount with
respect to the Initial Note and the Initial Warrants as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser;

ii. this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and

iii. the Security Documents duly executed by such Purchaser and the Agent, as applicable.

10

(b) Additional Closing.

(i) On or prior to the Additional Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each
Purchaser the following:

i. an ink-original Additional Note with a principal amount equal to such Purchasers Additional Note
Principal Amount, registered in the name of such Purchaser, provided that such ink-original Additional Note may be delivered promptly
after such Additional Closing by the Company, in which case the Company will provide an electronically signed version of the Additional
Note on or prior to the Additional Closing Date;

ii. an ink-original Additional Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase the number shares
of Common Stock as set forth below such Purchasers signature block on the signature pages hereto next to the heading Additional
Warrant Shares, provided that such ink-original Additional Warrant may be delivered promptly after such Additional Closing by the
Company, in which case the Company will provide an electronically signed version of the Additional Warrant on or prior to the Additional
Closing Date;

iii. the Companys wire instructions, on Company letterhead and executed by the Chief Executive Officer
or Chief Financial Officer;

iv. a legal opinion of Company Counsel, directed to the Purchasers, in form and substance reasonably acceptable
to the Purchasers;

v. a certificate, executed on behalf of the Company and each of the Subsidiary Guarantors, dated as of the
Additional Closing Date, certifying the resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company, approving the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as applicable, certifying the current versions of the Companys certificate
or articles of incorporation and bylaws and certifying as to the signatures and authority of Persons signing this Agreement and the other
Transaction Documents, as applicable, and related documents on behalf of the Company; and

vi. a certificate, executed on behalf of the Company by its Chief Executive Officer or its Chief Financial
Officer, dated as of the Additional Closing Date, certifying to the fulfillment of the conditions specified in Section 2.4(b)(ii).

11

(ii) On or prior to the Additional Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the
Company, as applicable, the following:

i. immediately available funds, via wire transfer, equal to such Purchasers Subscription Amount with
respect to the Additional Note and the Additional Warrants as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser.

2.4 Closing
Conditions.

(a) Initial
Closing.

(i) The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Initial Closing are subject to the following
conditions being met:

i. the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by
materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Initial Closing Date of the representations and warranties
of the Purchasers contained herein (unless such representation or warranty is as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be
accurate in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
in all respects) as of such date);

ii. all obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the
Initial Closing Date shall have been performed; and

iii. the delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.3(a)(ii) of this Agreement.

(ii) The respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Initial Closing are subject
to the following conditions being met, provided, however that such conditions may be waived, modified or amended by the Purchaser:

i. the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by
materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Initial Closing Date of the representations and warranties
of the Company contained herein (unless such representation or warranty is as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate
in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in
all respects) as of such date);

ii. all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Initial
Closing Date shall have been performed;

12

iii. the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.3(a)(i) of this Agreement;

iv. there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company; and

v. from the date hereof to the Initial Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended
by the Commission or the Companys principal Trading Market and, at any time prior to the Initial Closing Date, trading in securities
generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on
securities whose trades are reported by such service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either
by the United States or New York State authorities nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or
other national or international calamity of such magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which,
in each case, in the reasonable judgment of such Purchaser, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Initial
Closing.

(b) Additional
Closing.

(i) The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Additional Closing are subject to the
following conditions being met:

i. the Company shall have received the Nasdaq Stockholder Approval;

ii. the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by
materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Additional Closing Date of the representations and warranties
of the Purchasers contained herein (unless such representation or warranty is as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be
accurate in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
in all respects) as of such date);

iii. all obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the
Additional Closing Date shall have been performed; and

iv. the delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.3(b)(ii) of this Agreement.

13

(ii) The respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Additional Closing are subject
to the following conditions being met, provided, however that such conditions may be waived, modified or amended by the Purchaser:

i. the Company shall have received the Nasdaq Stockholder Approval;

ii. the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by
materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Additional Closing Date of the representations and warranties
of the Company contained herein (unless such representation or warranty is as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate
in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in
all respects) as of such date);

iii. all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Additional
Closing Date shall have been performed;

iv. the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.3(b)(i) of this Agreement;

v. there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company;

vi. no Event of Default (as defined in the Notes) shall have occurred or be continuing; and

vii. from the date hereof to the Additional Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended
by the Commission or the Companys principal Trading Market and, at any time prior to the Additional Closing Date, trading in securities
generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on
securities whose trades are reported by such service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either
by the United States or New York State authorities nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or
other national or international calamity of such magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which,
in each case, in the reasonable judgment of such Purchaser, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Additional
Closing.

14

ARTICLE III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations
and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules and the SEC Reports, which Disclosure Schedules and
SEC Reports shall be deemed a part hereof and shall qualify any representation or otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosure
contained in the corresponding section of the Disclosure Schedules or the SEC Reports, as applicable, the Company hereby makes the following
representations and warranties to each Purchaser:

(a) Subsidiaries.
All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a). The Company owns, directly or indirectly,
all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding
shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights
to subscribe for or purchase securities.

(b) Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to
own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in
violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational
or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign
corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification
necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, would not have or reasonably be expected
to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a
material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company
and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material
respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse
Effect), and, to the Companys knowledge, no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting
or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

(c) Authorization;
Enforcement.

(i) The
Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery
of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the
Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other than in connection with
the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been (or upon delivery will have
been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute the valid and
binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general
equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting
enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive
relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable
law.

15

(ii) Each
Subsidiary Guarantor has the requisite power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by such Subsidiary
Guarantee and otherwise to carry out its obligations thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Subsidiary Guarantee and the consummation
by the Company of the transactions contemplated thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other action on the part
of the applicable Subsidiary Guarantor, and no further corporate or other action is required by the respective Subsidiary Guarantor, its
managers or its members in connection therewith. The Subsidiary Guarantee has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by
the respective Subsidiary Guarantor and, when delivered in accordance with the terms thereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation
of the respective Subsidiary Guarantor enforceable against such Subsidiary Guarantor in accordance with its terms, except (A) as
listed by general equitable principals and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (B) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (C) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable
law.

(d) No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it
is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do
not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles
of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event
that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien (other than a Permitted Lien)
upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution
or similar adjustments, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility,
debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary
is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required
Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction
of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and
regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses
(ii) and (iii), such as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect.

16

(e) Filings,
Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to,
or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in connection
with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings required pursuant
to Section 4.6 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing with the Commission pursuant of the Prospectus Supplement, (iii) the
notice and/or application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the issuance and sale of the Securities and the listing of the
Underlying Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, (iv) the filing of Form D with the Commission
and such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws, (v) filings to be made under the Security Documents,
and (vi) Nasdaq Stockholder Approval (collectively, the Required Approvals).

(f) Issuance
of the Securities; Registration. The Notes and the Warrants are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the
applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by
the Company other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents. The Warrants, when paid for and issued in accordance
with this Agreement, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with
their terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting the rights
of creditors generally and subject to general principles of equity. The Underlying Shares are duly authorized and, when issued in accordance
with the terms of the applicable Transaction Documents, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens
imposed by the Company other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents. The Company has reserved from its
duly authorized capital stock a number of shares of Common Stock for issuance of the Underlying Shares at least equal to the Required
Minimum on the date hereof. The Company has prepared and filed the Registration Statement in conformity with the requirements of the Securities
Act, which became effective on September 13, 2022, including the Prospectus, and such amendments and supplements thereto as may have
been required to the date of this Agreement. The Company was at the time of the filing of the Registration Statement eligible to use Form S-3.
The Registration Statement is effective under the Securities Act and no stop order preventing or suspending the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement or suspending or preventing the use of the Prospectus has been issued by the Commission and no proceedings for that purpose
have been instituted or, to the knowledge of the Company, are threatened by the Commission. The Company, if required by the rules and
regulations of the Commission, shall file the Prospectus Supplement with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b). At the time the
Registration Statement and any amendments thereto became effective, at the date of this Agreement and at each Closing Date, the Registration
Statement and any amendments thereto conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and
did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto, at the time
the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto was issued and at each Closing Date, conformed and will conform in all material
respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading. The Company is eligible to use Form S-3 under the Securities Act and it meets the transaction requirements as set
forth in General Instruction I.B.1 of Form S-3.

17

(g) Capitalization.
The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), which Schedule 3.1(g) shall also
include the number of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of record, by Affiliates of the Company as of the date hereof. The
Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to
the exercise of stock options under the Companys incentive stock plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock pursuant to the
Companys incentive stock plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the
date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right
of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as a result
of the purchase and sale of the Securities and as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip
rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or the
capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or
may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or capital stock of any Subsidiary. Except as
disclosed in the Registration Statement and Prospectus Supplement, the issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company
or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers). Except as disclosed in
the Registration Statement and Prospectus Supplement, there are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary
with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price of such security or instrument upon an issuance of securities
by the Company or any Subsidiary. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement and Prospectus Supplement, there are no outstanding
securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts,
commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the
Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements
or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully
paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares
was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization
of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities (other than the Required
Approvals). There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital
stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders, other
than the Shareholder Consent, as applicable.

18

(h) SEC
Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be
filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof,
for the two (2) years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file
such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with
the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely
basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such
extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act
and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted
to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. The Company has never been an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities
Act. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements
and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and
except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects
the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations
and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

(i) Material
Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within
the SEC Reports, (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that would reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade
payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required
to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the
Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash
or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock
and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company
stock incentive plans. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment of information.
Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement, no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development
has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective
businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition, that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under
applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed prior to the time
that this Agreement is deemed executed.

19

(j) Litigation.
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending
or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties
before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign)
(collectively, an Action). None of the Actions set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), (i) adversely affects or challenges
the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable
decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director
or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities
laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated,
any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The Commission
has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary
under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

(k) Labor
Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company,
which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries employees
is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships
with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, is, or is now expected
to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement
or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued
employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any
of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and
regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the
failure to be in compliance would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(l) Compliance.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived
that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or
any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement
or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default
or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental
authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including
without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety,
product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as would not have or reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect.

20

(m) Environmental
Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local
and foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater,
land surface or subsurface strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants,
contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment,
or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous
Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice
letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws);
(ii) have received all permits, licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their
respective businesses; and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in
each clause (i), (ii) and (iii), the failure to so comply would be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate,
a Material Adverse Effect.

(n) Regulatory
Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal,
state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports, except
where the failure to possess such permits would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material
Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification
of any Material Permit.

(o) Title
to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them and good
and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each
case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Permitted Liens and (ii) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such
property and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries.
Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable
leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance.

21

(p) Intellectual
Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications,
service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar rights
necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which the failure to
so have would have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). None of, and neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired,
terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC
Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the
rights of any Person, except as would not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the
Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual
Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and
value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has no knowledge of any facts that would preclude it from having valid license
rights or clear title to the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company has no knowledge that it lacks or will be unable to obtain any
rights or licenses to use all Intellectual Property Rights that are necessary to conduct its business.

(q) Insurance.
The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such
amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not limited
to, directors and officers insurance coverage at least equal to the aggregate Subscription Amount. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain
similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

(r) Transactions
With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(r), none of the officers or directors of the Company
or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to
any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract,
agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to
or from providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director
or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial
interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment
of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other
employee benefits, including stock option agreements or restricted stock agreements under any stock incentive plan of the Company.

22

(s) Sarbanes-Oxley;
Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, as amended, that are effective as of the date hereof and as of each Closing Date, and any and all applicable rules and
regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of each Closing Date. The Company
and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions
are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary
to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets
is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for
assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The
Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported,
within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by
the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented
in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been
no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries
that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company
and its Subsidiaries.

(t) Certain
Fees. Other than with respect to Maxim Group LLC, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the
Company or any Subsidiaries to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other
Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Purchasers shall have no obligation with respect
to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that
may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(u) Investment
Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities, will not be
or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company
shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration under the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(v) Registration
Rights. Other than as disclosed in the SEC Reports and each of the Purchasers, no Person has any right to cause the Company or any
Subsidiary to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiaries.

23

(w) Listing
and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act,
and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration
of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating
such registration. Except as disclosed in its SEC Reports, the Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice
from any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance
with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. Except as disclosed in its SEC Reports, the Company is, and has no
reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements.
The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation
and the Company is current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in
connection with such electronic transfer.

(x) Application
of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable
any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar
anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws of its state
of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company fulfilling their obligations
or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of the Companys issuance of
the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities.

(y) Disclosure.
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms
that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or counsel with any information
that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information which is not otherwise disclosed in the Prospectus Supplement.
The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities
of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries,
their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, is true and
correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the
statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated
by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
the light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser
makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically
set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

24

(z) No
Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers
or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities
to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of (i) the Securities Act which would require the registration
of the Warrants or the Warrant Shares under the Securities Act, or (ii) any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading
Market on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(aa) Indebtedness.
Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of each Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt by the Company
of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds the
amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known
contingent liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on
its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements
of the business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii) the
current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after
taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when
such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking
into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any facts or
circumstances which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws
of any jurisdictions within one year from each Closing Date. Schedule 3.1(aa) sets forth as of the date hereof all outstanding
secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. Neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

(bb) Tax
Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal,
state and local income and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which
it is subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined
to be due on such returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment
of all material taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid
taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any
Subsidiary know of no basis for any such claim.

(cc) Foreign
Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other
person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions,
gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment
to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds,
(iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf
of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

25

(dd) Accountants.
BPM LLP is the Companys accounting firm and to the Companys knowledge BPM LLP (i) is a registered public accounting
firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall express its opinion with respect to the financial statements to be included in
the Companys Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024.

(ee) Seniority.
As of each Closing Date, no Indebtedness or other claim against the Company is senior to the Notes in right of payment, whether with respect
to interest or upon liquidation or dissolution, or otherwise, other than indebtedness secured by purchase money security interests (which
is senior only as to underlying assets covered thereby) and capital lease obligations (which is senior only as to the property covered
thereby).

(ff) No
Disagreements with Accountants and Lawyers. There are no disagreements of any kind presently existing, or reasonably anticipated by
the Company to arise, between the Company and the accountants and lawyers formerly or presently employed by the Company which could affect
the Companys ability to perform any of its obligations under any of the Transaction Documents and the Company is current with respect
to any fees owed to its accountants and lawyers which could affect the Companys ability to perform any of its obligations under
any of the Transaction Documents.

(gg) Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers is acting solely
in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby.
The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity)
with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or any of their
respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely
incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys
decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions
contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(hh) Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding (except
for Sections 3.2(h) and 4.15 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) no Purchaser has been asked
by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the Company,
or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified term; (ii) past
or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales or derivative
transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively impact the market price of
the Companys publicly-traded securities; (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative transactions
to which any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the Common Stock,
and (iv) each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counter-party in
any derivative transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more Purchasers may engage
in hedging activities at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, including, without limitation, during the
periods that the value of the Underlying Shares deliverable with respect to Securities are being determined, and (z) such hedging
activities (if any) could reduce the value of the existing stockholders' equity interests in the Company at and after the time that the
hedging activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute a breach
of any of the Transaction Documents.

26

(ii) Regulation
M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any
action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the
sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any
of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities
of the Company, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to Maxim Group LLC in connection with the placement
of the Securities.

(jj) Form S-3
Eligibility. The Company is eligible to register the resale of the Warrant Shares for resale by the
Purchaser on Form S-3 promulgated under the Securities Act.

(kk) Stock
Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was granted (i) in
accordance with the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair
market value of the Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock
option granted under the Companys stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is
no and has been no Company policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the
grant of stock options with, the release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its
Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects.

(ll) Cybersecurity.
(i)(x) There has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or any Subsidiarys
information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective customers, employees,
suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems
and Data) and (y) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not been notified of, and have no knowledge of, any event or condition
that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to its IT Systems and Data; (ii) the Company
and the Subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations
of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy
and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation
or modification, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) the Company and the
Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain and protect its material confidential information
and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company and the Subsidiaries
have implemented backup and disaster recovery processes consistent with industry standards and practices.

27

(mm) Office
of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Company's knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee
or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets
Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(nn) U.S.
Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning
of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers request.

(oo) Bank
Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956,
as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal
Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent
(5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the total equity of a
bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and
to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(pp) Money
Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable
financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable
money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws),
and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or
any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

(qq) Private
Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, no registration
under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Warrants or the Warrant Shares by the Company to the Purchasers as
contemplated hereby. The issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder does not contravene the rules and regulations of the Trading
Market.

28

(rr) No
General Solicitation. Neither the Company nor any Person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Warrants or
the Warrant Shares by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered the Warrants and the Warrant Shares
for sale only to the Purchasers and certain other accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities
Act.

(ss) No
Disqualification Events. With respect to the Warrants and the Warrant Shares to be offered and sold hereunder in reliance on Rule 506
under the Securities Act, none of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other
officer of the Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding
voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the
Securities Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person and,
together, Issuer Covered Persons) is subject to any of the "Bad Actor" disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to
(viii) under the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or
(d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event.
The Company has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the Purchasers
a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder.

(tt) Other
Covered Persons. Other than Maxim Group LLC, the Company is not aware of any person (other than any Issuer Covered Person) that has
been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any Securities.

(uu) Notice
of Disqualification Events. The Company will notify the Purchasers in writing, prior to each Closing Date of (i) any
Disqualification Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time,
reasonably be expected to become a Disqualification Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person.

3.2 Representations
and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and warrants as of the
date hereof and as of each Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate
as of such date):

(a) Organization;
Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company
or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise
to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance by such
Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership,
limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which it is a
party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute
the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited
by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by
applicable law.

29

(b) Understandings
or Arrangements. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and has no direct or indirect arrangement
or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities (this representation and warranty
not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or otherwise in compliance with
applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.
Such Purchaser understands that the Warrants and the Warrant Shares are restricted securities and have not been registered
under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and is acquiring such Securities as principal for his, her or its own
account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act
or any applicable state securities law, has no present intention of distributing any of such Securities in violation of the Securities
Act or any applicable state securities law and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute
or regarding the distribution of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law (this representation
and warranty not limiting such Purchasers right to sell such Securities pursuant to a registration statement or otherwise in compliance
with applicable federal and state securities laws).

(c) Purchaser
Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each date on which
it converts any Notes or exercises any Warrants, it will be either (i) an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1),
(a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7), (a)(8), (a)(9), (a)(12), or (a)(13) under the Securities Act or (ii) a qualified institutional buyer
as defined in Rule 144A(a) under the Securities Act.

(d) General
Solicitation. Such Purchaser is not, to such Purchasers knowledge, purchasing the Securities as a result of any advertisement,
article, notice or other communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over
television or radio or presented at any seminar or, to the knowledge of such Purchaser, any other general solicitation or general advertisement.

(e) Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has not, nor has
any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or
sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser first
received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material terms
of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the
case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers
assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions
of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by
the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other than to other Persons
party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers, directors, partners,
legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made
to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for
the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect
to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

30

(f) No
Governmental Review. Such Purchaser understands that no United States agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed
on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the Securities nor
have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities.

(g) No
Intention to Effect a Change of Control. Such Purchaser has no present intent to effect a change of control of the Company
as such term is understood under the rules promulgated pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and under the rules of
Nasdaq. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchase that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio
managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to
the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement.

(h) Access
to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has reviewed the Transaction Documents (including all exhibits and schedules thereto)
and the SEC Reports and has been afforded, (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive
answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities and the merits and
risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition, results of operations,
business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity to obtain
such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary to make
an informed investment decision with respect to the investment. For example, each Purchaser understands that the Company faces certain
challenges, including that: (i) the market price for the Common Stock is particularly volatile given the Companys status as
a relatively unknown company with a small and thinly traded public float, and lack of profits, which could lead to wide fluctuations in
the share price of the Common Stock; (ii) the Company has been notified by the Staff at The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq)
of its failure to comply with certain continued listing requirements and the Staffs determination to grant the Companys
request for continued listing of its securities, subject to the Company demonstrating compliance with certain Nasdaq Listing Rules including
the achievement of certain interim milestones; and (iii) it has recurring losses from operations, a net capital deficiency and a
need for additional capital; however, there can be no assurance that the Company will achieve the interim milestones, regain and maintain
compliance with the Nasdaq continued listing requirements and that its securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq. Further, such
Purchaser also acknowledges and understands that pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A)(iv), if the Companys Common
Stock fails to meet the continued listing requirement for minimum bid price between the date hereof and April 12, 2025 or if the
Company effects a second reverse stock split prior to April 12, 2026, which, when combined with the 1-for-150 reverse stock split
effected on April 12, 2024, will result in a cumulative reverse stock split ratio of 1-for-250 shares or more, then the Company will
be issued a Staff Delisting Determination upon such non-compliance.

31

The Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations
contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers right to rely on the Companys representations
and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties contained in any other Transaction Document or any other
document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty,
or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

ARTICLE IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1 Removal of Legends.

(a) The
Warrants and the Warrant Shares may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer
of Warrants or the Warrant Shares other than pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144, to the Company or to an
Affiliate of a Purchaser or in connection with a pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the Company may require the transferor
thereof to provide to the Company an opinion of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form
and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration
of such transferred Warrant under the Securities Act.

32

(b) The
Purchasers agree to the imprinting, so long as is required by this Section 4.1, of a legend on any of the Warrants or the Warrant
Shares in the following form:

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES
INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION
OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT),
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT
TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN
CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION THAT IS AN ACCREDITED
INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

The Company acknowledges
and agrees that a Purchaser may from time to time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered broker-dealer or grant
a security interest in some or all of the Warrants or the Warrant Shares to a financial institution that is an accredited investor
as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and, if required under the terms of such arrangement, such Purchaser may
transfer pledged or secured Warrants or the Warrant Shares to the pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge or transfer would not be
subject to approval of the Company and no legal opinion of legal counsel of the pledgee, secured party or pledgor shall be required in
connection therewith. Further, no notice shall be required of such pledge. At the appropriate Purchasers expense, the Company will
execute and deliver such reasonable documentation as a pledgee or secured party of the Warrants and the Warrant Shares may reasonably
request in connection with a pledge or transfer of the Warrants or the Warrant Shares.

(c) Certificates
evidencing the Warrant Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section 4.1(b) hereof): (i) while
a registration statement covering the resale of such security is effective under the Securities Act, (ii) following any sale of such
Warrant Shares pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), (iii) if such Warrant Shares are eligible
for sale under Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants) or (iv) if such legend is not required under applicable
requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission). The
Company shall cause its counsel to issue a legal opinion to the Transfer Agent or the Purchaser promptly if required by the Transfer Agent
to effect the removal of the legend hereunder, or if requested by a Purchaser, respectively. If all or any portion of a Warrant is exercised
at a time when there is an effective registration statement to cover the resale of the Warrant Shares, or if such Warrant Shares may be
sold under Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants) or if such legend is not otherwise required under applicable requirements
of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission) then such Warrant
Shares shall be issued free of all legends. The Company agrees that following such time as such legend is no longer required under this
Section 4.1(c), it will, no later than the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days
comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below) following the delivery by a Purchaser to the Company or the Transfer Agent
of a certificate representing Warrant Shares, as applicable, issued with a restrictive legend (such date, the Legend Removal
Date), deliver or cause to be delivered to such Purchaser a certificate representing such shares that is free from all restrictive
and other legends. The Company may not make any notation on its records or give instructions to the Transfer Agent that enlarge the restrictions
on transfer set forth in this Section 4. Warrant Shares subject to legend removal hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer
Agent to the Purchaser by crediting the account of the Purchasers prime broker with the Depository Trust Company System as directed
by such Purchaser. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in
a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery
of a certificate representing Warrant Shares issued with a restrictive legend.

33

(d) In
addition to such Purchasers other available remedies, the Company shall pay to a Purchaser, in cash, (i) as partial liquidated
damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date such Securities are
submitted to the Transfer Agent) delivered for removal of the restrictive legend and subject to Section 4.1(c), $10 per Trading Day
(increasing to $20 per Trading Day five (5) Trading Days after such damages have begun to accrue) for each Trading Day after the
Legend Removal Date until such certificate is delivered without a legend and (ii) if the Company fails to (a) issue and deliver
(or cause to be delivered) to a Purchaser by the Legend Removal Date a certificate representing the Warrant Shares so delivered to the
Company by such Purchaser that is free from all restrictive and other legends and (b) if after the Legend Removal Date such Purchaser
purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by such Purchaser of
all or any portion of the number of shares of Common Stock, or a sale of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to all or any portion
of the number of shares of Common Stock that such Purchaser anticipated receiving from the Company without any restrictive legend, then,
an amount equal to the excess of such Purchasers total purchase price (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket
expenses, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any)
(the Buy-In Price) over the product of (A) such number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver
to such Purchaser by the Legend Removal Date multiplied by (B) the lowest closing sale price of the Common Stock on any Trading Day
during the period commencing on the date of the delivery by such Purchaser to the Company of the applicable Warrant Shares (as the case
may be) and ending on the date of such delivery and payment under this Section 4.1(d).

(e) The
Notes and the Conversion Shares shall be issued free of legends. If all or any portion of a Note is converted at a time when there is
an effective registration statement to cover the issuance or resale of the Conversion Shares, the Conversion Shares issued pursuant to
any such conversion shall be issued free of all legends. If at any time following the date hereof the Registration Statement (or any subsequent
registration statement registering the sale or resale of the Conversion Shares) is not effective or is not otherwise available for the
sale or resale of the Conversion Shares, the Company shall immediately notify the holders of the Notes in writing that such registration
statement is not then effective and thereafter shall promptly notify such holders when the registration statement is effective again and
available for the sale or resale of the Conversion Shares (it being understood and agreed that the foregoing shall not limit the ability
of the Company to issue, or any Purchaser to sell, any of the Conversion Shares in compliance with applicable federal and state securities
laws). The Company shall use best efforts to keep a registration statement (including the Registration Statement) registering the issuance
or resale of the Conversion Shares effective so long as any Notes remain outstanding.

34

4.2 Acknowledgment
of Dilution. The Company acknowledges that the issuance of the Securities may result in dilution of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock, which dilution may be substantial under certain market conditions. The Company further acknowledges that its obligations under
the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, its obligation to issue the Underlying Shares pursuant to the Transaction Documents,
are unconditional and absolute and not subject to any right of set off, counterclaim, delay or reduction, regardless of the effect of
any such dilution or any claim the Company may have against any Purchaser and regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may
have on the ownership of the other stockholders of the Company.

4.3 Furnishing of Information; Public Information.

(a) Until
the time that no Purchaser owns Securities, the Company covenants to maintain the registration of the Common Stock under Section 12(b) or
12(g) of the Exchange Act and to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period)
all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then subject
to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

(b) At
any time during the period commencing from the six (6) month anniversary of the date hereof and ending at such time that all of the
Warrant Shares (assuming cashless exercise) may be sold without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with Rule 144(c)(1) and
otherwise without restriction or limitation pursuant to Rule 144, if the Company (i) shall fail for any reason to satisfy the
current public information requirement under Rule 144(c) or (ii) has ever been an issuer described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i) or
becomes an issuer in the future, and the Company shall fail to satisfy any condition set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) (a Public
Information Failure) then, in addition to such Purchasers other available remedies, the Company shall pay to a Purchaser,
in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, by reason of any such delay in or reduction of its ability to sell the Warrant
Shares, an amount in cash equal to two percent (2.0%) of the aggregate Exercise Price of such Purchasers Warrants on the day of
a Public Information Failure and on every thirtieth (30th) day (pro rated for periods totaling less than thirty days) thereafter
until the earlier of (a) the date such Public Information Failure is cured and (b) such time that such public information is
no longer required for the Purchasers to transfer the Warrant Shares pursuant to Rule 144. The payments to which a Purchaser
shall be entitled pursuant to this Section 4.3(b) are referred to herein as Public Information Failure Payments. 
Public Information Failure Payments shall be paid on the earlier of (i) the last day of the calendar month during which such Public
Information Failure Payments are incurred and (ii) the third (3rd) Business Day after the event or failure giving rise
to the Public Information Failure Payments is cured. In the event the Company fails to make Public Information Failure Payments
in a timely manner, such Public Information Failure Payments shall bear interest at the rate of 1.5% per month (prorated for partial months)
until paid in full. Nothing herein shall limit such Purchasers right to pursue actual damages for the Public Information Failure,
and such Purchaser shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree
of specific performance and/or injunctive relief.

35

4.4 Integration.
The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2
of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would require the registration
under the Securities Act of the sale of the Warrants or the Warrant Shares or that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities
for purposes of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require stockholder approval prior to the closing
of such other transaction unless Nasdaq Stockholder Approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.5 Conversion
and Exercise Procedures. The form of Notice of Conversion included in the Notes and the form of Notice of Exercise included in the
Warrants set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Purchasers in order to convert the Notes or exercise the Warrants, as
applicable. Without limiting the preceding sentence, no ink-original Notice of Conversion or Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor
shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Conversion form or Notice of Exercise form
be required in order to convert the Notes or exercise the Warrants, as applicable. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions
shall be required of the Purchasers to convert their Notes or exercise their Warrants, as applicable. The Company shall honor conversions
of the Notes and exercises of the Warrants and shall deliver Underlying Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods
set forth in the Transaction Documents.

4.6 Securities
Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits
thereto, with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such Current Report on Form 8-K,
the Company represents to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of
the Purchasers by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents
in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective upon the issuance of such Current
Report on Form 8-K, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement,
whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates
or agents, on the one hand, and any of the Purchasers or any of their Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate and be of no further
force or effect. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions
in securities of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include
the name of any Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent
of such Purchaser, except (a) as required by federal securities law in connection with the filing of final Transaction Documents
with the Commission and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company
shall provide the Purchasers with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b) and reasonably cooperate with such
Purchaser regarding such disclosure.

36

4.7 Shareholder
Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that any Purchaser
is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution
under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Purchaser
could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents
or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.

4.8 Non-Public
Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.6, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on
its behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes
constitutes, material, non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented in writing to the receipt of such
information and agreed in writing with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that each
Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company,
any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees, or Affiliates delivers any material, non-public
information to a Purchaser without such Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall not
have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates,
or agents, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or
agents, not to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable
law. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously with the delivery of such notice file such notice with the
Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on
the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

4.9 Use
of Proceeds. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Prospectus Supplement, the Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the
Securities hereunder for working capital purposes and shall not use such proceeds: (a) for the satisfaction of any portion of the
Companys debt (other than the Notes or the payment of trade payables in the ordinary course of the Companys business and
prior practices), (b) for the redemption of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, (c) for the settlement of any outstanding
litigation or (d) in violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations.

37

4.10 Indemnification.
Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.10, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and its directors, officers, shareholders,
members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding
a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities
Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners or employees (and any
other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title)
of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations,
claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys
fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating to (a) any breach of
any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents,
(b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder
of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such Purchaser Partys representations, warranties or covenants
under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations
by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which is finally judicially determined
to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct), or (c) in connection with any registration statement of the Company
providing for the resale by the Purchasers of the Warrant Shares issued and issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, the Company will indemnify
each Purchaser Party, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities,
costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses, as incurred, arising out of or relating to (i) any
untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in such registration statement, any prospectus or any form of prospectus
or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission
of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any prospectus or supplement
thereto, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, except to the extent, but only to the extent, that
such untrue statements or omissions are based solely upon information regarding such Purchaser Party furnished in writing to the Company
by such Purchaser Party expressly for use therein, or (ii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act,
the Exchange Act or any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder in connection therewith. If any action shall be
brought against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall
promptly notify the Company in writing, and, the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing
reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and
participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to
the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has
failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable
opinion of counsel a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party,
in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company
will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys
prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss,
claim, damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants
or agreements made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this
Section 4.10 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when
bills are received or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right
of any Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

38

4.11 Reservation and Listing of Securities.

(a) The
Company shall maintain a reserve of the Required Minimum from its duly authorized shares of Common Stock for issuance pursuant to the
Transaction Documents in such amount as may then be required to fulfill its obligations in full under the Transaction Documents.

(b) If,
on any date, the number of authorized but unissued (and otherwise unreserved) shares of Common Stock is less than the Required Minimum
on such date, then the Board of Directors shall use commercially reasonable efforts to amend the Companys certificate or articles
of incorporation to increase the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to at least the Required Minimum at such time,
as soon as possible and in any event not later than the 75th day after such date.

(c) The
Company shall, if applicable: (i) in the time and manner required by the principal Trading Market, prepare and file with such Trading
Market an additional shares listing application covering a number of shares of Common Stock at least equal to the Required Minimum on
the date of such application, (ii) take all steps necessary to cause such shares of Common Stock to be approved for listing or quotation
on such Trading Market as soon as possible thereafter, (iii) provide to the Purchasers evidence of such listing or quotation and
(iv) maintain the listing or quotation of such Common Stock on any date at least equal to the Required Minimum on such date on such
Trading Market or another Trading Market. The Company agrees to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through
the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to
the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer.

4.12 Subsequent Equity Sales.

(a) From
the date hereof until forty-five (45) days after each Closing Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall (i) issue, enter
into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or
(ii) file any registration statement or any amendment or supplement thereto, other than the Prospectus Supplement, the filing of
any registration statement or any amendment thereto with respect to the Warrant Shares as contemplated pursuant to Section 4.22 herein,
the filing of a universal shelf registration statement on Form S-3, or filing a registration statement on Form S-8
in connection with any employee benefit plan.

39

(b) From
the date hereof until such time as no Purchaser holds any of the Notes, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into
an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination
of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the
Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include
the right to receive, additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other
price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the
initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being
reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent
events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into, or effects
a transaction under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit or an at-the-market facility,
whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined price regardless of whether shares pursuant to such agreement have actually
been issued and regardless of whether such agreement is subsequently canceled. Any Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief
against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.

(c) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, this Section 4.12 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate Transaction shall
be an Exempt Issuance.

4.13 Intentionally Omitted.

4.14 Equal
Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification of any Transaction Document) shall be offered or paid to any
Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration is
also offered to all of the parties to such Transaction Documents. Further, the Company shall not make any payment of principal or interest
on the Notes in amounts which are disproportionate to the respective principal amounts outstanding on the Notes at any applicable time.
For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate right granted to each Purchaser by the Company and negotiated separately
by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat the Purchasers as a class and shall not in any way be construed as the Purchasers
acting in concert or as a group with respect to the purchase, disposition or voting of Securities or otherwise.

40

4.15 Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that neither it,
nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales,
of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial Current Report on Form 8-K as
described in Section 4.6.Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other
Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant
to the initial Current Report on Form 8-K as described in Section 4.6, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the
existence and terms of this transaction and the information included in the Disclosure Schedules (other than as disclosed to its legal
and other representatives). Notwithstanding the foregoing, and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the
Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will
not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial Current Report on Form 8-K as described in Section 4.6, (ii) no Purchaser
shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities
laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial
Current Report on Form 8-K as described in Section 4.6 and (iii) no Purchaser shall have any duty of confidentiality or
duty not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors,
employees, Affiliates or agent after the issuance of the initial Current Report on Form 8-K as described in Section 4.6. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate
portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the
portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect
to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this
Agreement.

4.16 Form D;
Blue Sky Filings. The Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the Warrant and Warrant Shares as required under
Regulation D and to provide a copy thereof, promptly upon request of any Purchaser. The Company shall take such action as the Company
shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the Warrants and the Warrant Shares for, sale
to the Purchasers at the Closing under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States, and shall
provide evidence of such actions promptly upon request of any Purchaser.

4.17 Principal
Market Limitation. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents to the contrary, prior to the receipt
of the Nasdaq Stockholder Approval, the Company shall not issue any shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Notes or the Warrants, except
that such limitation shall not apply in the event that the Company (a) receives the Nasdaq Stockholder Approval, or (b) concludes,
after consultation with outside counsel to the Company that such approval is not required, which conclusion shall be reasonably satisfactory
to the Purchasers.

4.18 Reserved.

4.19 Participation in Future Financing.

(a) From
the date hereof through the date that is eighteen (18) months after the date on which the Notes are no longer outstanding, upon any issuance
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any Indebtedness (including but not limited to privately placed Indebtedness or equity-linked
Indebtedness), any preferred stock, Common Stock, options or securities convertible into shares of Common Stock (a Subsequent
Placement), the Purchasers shall have the right to purchase their respective Pro Rata Portion of the Participation Maximum,
on the same terms, conditions and price provided for in the Subsequent Placement. For purposes hereof Participation Maximum
means 65% and Pro Rata Portion means the ratio of (x) the Subscription Amount of Securities purchased on the
applicable Closing Date by a Purchaser participating under this Section 4.19 and (y) the sum of the aggregate Subscription
Amount of Securities purchased on the applicable Closing Date by all Purchasers participating under this Section 4.19.

41

(b) In the case of a Subsequent Placement:

(i) At
least five (5) Business Days prior to the closing of a Subsequent Placement, the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser a written
notice asking the Purchaser if it consents to the receipt of material non-public information pursuant to this Section 4.19
(Pre-Notice). If a Purchaser consents to the receipt of material non-public information, it shall so notify the Company
within two (2) Trading Days after receipt of the Pre-Notice. If such Purchaser so consents, the Company shall promptly, but no later
than one (1) Trading Day after such consent, deliver the details of such proposed Subsequent Placement (the Subsequent
Placement Notice) to such Purchaser. The Subsequent Placement Notice shall describe in reasonable detail the proposed terms
of such Subsequent Placement, the amount of proceeds intended to be raised thereunder and the Person or Persons through or with whom such
Subsequent Placement is proposed to be effected and shall include a term sheet or similar document relating thereto as an attachment.

(ii) Any
Purchaser desiring to participate in such Subsequent Placement shall provide written notice (the Participation Notice)
to the Company by not later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Trading Day after delivery of the Subsequent Placement
Notice (the Notice Deadline), with such Participation Notice setting forth: (i) that such Purchaser is willing
to participate in the Subsequent Placement and willing to execute the relevant transaction documents for the Subsequent Placement on the
terms and conditions set forth in such transaction documents; (ii) the amount of such Purchasers participation; and (iii) each
participating Purchasers representing and warranting that such Purchaser has such funds ready, willing, and available for investment
on the terms set forth in the Subsequent Placement. If the Purchaser fails to deliver the Participation Notice to the Company by the Notice
Deadline, such Purchaser shall forfeit its right to participate in the Subsequent Placement.

(iii) If
by the Notice Deadline, the Company receives Participation Notices that are, in the aggregate, less than the Participation Maximum, then
the Company may effect the remaining portion of such Subsequent Placement, including the difference between the amount to be purchased
by Purchasers and the Participation Maximum, on the terms and with the Persons set forth in the Subsequent Placement.

42

(c) The
Company and each Purchaser agree that the participation rights granted herein supersede and replace any and all pre-existing rights granted
to each such Purchaser to participate in any financing by the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.19 shall not
apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance.

4.20 Reserved.

4.21 Exclusivity.
Prior to the Initial Closing, the Company agrees not to, and shall cause its Subsidiaries not to, directly or indirectly, solicit, initiate,
continue, or engage in any discussions or negotiations with, or enter into any agreement with, or encourage or respond to any inquiries
or proposals by, or participate in any negotiations with, or provide any information to, or commence due diligence with respect to, or
otherwise cooperate in any way, the issuance of any indebtedness of the Company or other convertible securities of the Company.

4.22 Registration
Statement. Within fifteen (15) calendar days of receipt of written request by the Holder, the Company shall file a registration statement
on Form S-1 (or other appropriate form if the Company is not then S-1 eligible) providing for the resale by the Purchasers of the
Warrant Shares issued and issuable upon exercise of the Warrants (the Resale Registration Statement). The Company
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such Resale Registration Statement to become effective within forty-five (45) days
following receipt of written request by the Holder and to keep such Resale Registration Statement effective at all times until no Purchaser
owns any Warrants or Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise thereof.

4.23 Stockholder
Approval. Within 15 days of the Initial Closing Date, the Company shall file with the Commission a proxy statement, in a form reasonably
acceptable to the Purchasers, for the purpose of obtaining Nasdaq Stockholder Approval and the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts
to, at the expense of the Company, solicit its stockholders approval of such resolution and to cause the Board of Directors of
the Company to recommend to the stockholders that they approve such resolution. The Company shall hold a special meeting of stockholders
(the Stockholder Meeting) for purposes of Nasdaq Stockholder Approval no later than 45 days after the Initial Closing
Date (the Stockholder Meeting Deadline), and the Company shall be obligated to seek to obtain the Nasdaq Stockholder
Approval by the Stockholder Meeting Deadline. If, despite the Companys reasonable best efforts the Nasdaq Stockholder Approval
is not obtained on or prior to the Stockholder Meeting Deadline, the Company shall cause an additional Stockholder Meeting to be held
within 45 days thereafter. If, despite the Companys reasonable best efforts the Nasdaq Stockholder Approval is not obtained after
such subsequent stockholder meeting, the Company shall cause an additional Stockholder Meeting to be held semi-annually thereafter until
such Nasdaq Stockholder Approval is obtained. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company is able to obtain the written consent of holders
of a majority of the shares of its issued and outstanding Common Stock to obtain the Nasdaq Stockholder Approval (the Shareholder
Consent), the Company may satisfy its obligations under this Section 4.23 by obtaining such consent and submitting for
filing with the Commission a Preliminary Information Statement on Schedule 14C no later than 15 days of the Initial Closing Date, followed
by a Definitive Information Statement on Schedule 14C no later than the timeline for such filing prescribed by the Exchange Act; provided,
however, that if the Company receives a notification from the Trading Market that the Shareholder Consent must be modified, then
the Company shall use its best efforts to provide a new Shareholder Consent.

43

ARTICLE V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Termination.
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever
on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the Initial Closing has not
been consummated on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date hereof; provided, however, that no such termination
will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.2 Fees
and Expenses. The Company has agreed to reimburse the Lead Investor for its reasonable and documented legal fees and expenses, of
which $25,000 was paid prior to the date of this Agreement and the remainder shall be deducted from the Lead Investors Subscription
Amount to be delivered by the Lead Investor to the Company on the Initial Closing Date. In addition, the Company has agreed to reimburse
the Lead Investor for reasonable and documented legal fees and expenses incurred after the Initial Closing Date in connection with the
Additional Closing and preparation and filing of the Resale Registration Statement, which legal fees and expenses shall be deducted from
the Lead Investors Subscription Amont to be delivered by the Lead Investor to the Company on the Additional Closing Date. Except
as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel,
accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without limitation, any fees required
for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any conversion or exercise notice delivered by a Purchaser),
stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers.

5.3 Entire
Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement,
contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements
and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents,
exhibits and schedules.

5.4 Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via
email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York
City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered
via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day
or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date
of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such
notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached
hereto. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current
Report on Form 8-K.

44

5.5 Amendments;
Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in
the case of an amendment, by the Company and holders of at least a majority in interest of the Securities based on the initial Subscription
Amounts hereunder (or, prior to the Closing, the Company and each Purchaser) or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement
of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts
a Purchaser (or group of Purchasers), the consent of such disproportionately impacted Purchaser (or group of Purchasers) shall also be
required. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing
waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall
any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment
or waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely affects the rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative to the comparable
rights and obligations of the other Purchasers shall require the prior written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser. Any amendment
effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon each Purchaser and holder of Securities and the Company.

5.6 Headings.
The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any
of the provisions hereof.

5.7 Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns.
The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser (other
than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns or
transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities by the
provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

5.8 No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted
assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in
Section 4.10.

5.9 Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates,
directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts
sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting
in the State, City, and County of New York for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction
contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such
court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives
personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered
or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this
Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein
shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an Action
or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.10,
the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys
fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.

45

5.10 Survival.
The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities.

5.11 Execution.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that
the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery (including any electronic
signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act
or other applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method, such signature shall be deemed to have been duly and validly
delivered and shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with
the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

5.12 Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force
and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts
to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision,
covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.13 Rescission
and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any of
the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document and
the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may rescind or withdraw,
in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part
without prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that in the case of a rescission of a conversion
of a Note or an exercise of a Warrant, the applicable Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of Common Stock subject to any
such rescinded conversion or exercise notice, as applicable, concurrently with the return to such Purchaser of the aggregate conversion
or exercise price, as applicable, paid to the Company for such shares and the restoration of such Purchasers right to acquire such
shares pursuant to such Purchasers Note or Warrant, as applicable (including, issuance of a replacement note or warrant certificate,
as applicable, evidencing such restored right).

46

5.14 Replacement
of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall
issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of
and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of
such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable
third-party costs (including customary indemnity against any claim that may be made against the Company with respect to the certificate
alleged to have been mutilated, lost, stolen, or destroyed) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.15 Remedies.
In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the Purchasers
and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may
not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby
agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would
be adequate.

5.16 Payment
Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or a Purchaser
enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part
thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required
to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including, without
limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration
the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such
payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

5.17 Usury.
To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever claim, and will
resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter
in force, in connection with any Action or Proceeding that may be brought by any Purchaser in order to enforce any right or remedy under
any Transaction Document. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in any Transaction Document, it is expressly agreed
and provided that the total liability of the Company under the Transaction Documents for payments in the nature of interest shall not
exceed the maximum lawful rate authorized under applicable law (the Maximum Rate), and, without limiting the foregoing,
in no event shall any rate of interest or default interest, or both of them, when aggregated with any other sums in the nature of interest
that the Company may be obligated to pay under the Transaction Documents exceed such Maximum Rate. It is agreed that if the maximum contract
rate of interest allowed by law and applicable to the Transaction Documents is increased or decreased by statute or any official governmental
action subsequent to the date hereof, the new maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law will be the Maximum Rate applicable to
the Transaction Documents from the effective date thereof forward, unless such application is precluded by applicable law. If under any
circumstances whatsoever, interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to any Purchaser with respect to indebtedness
evidenced by the Transaction Documents, such excess shall be applied by such Purchaser to the unpaid principal balance of any such indebtedness
or be refunded to the Company, the manner of handling such excess to be at such Purchasers election.

47

5.18 Independent
Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several and
not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance
of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document,
and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association,
a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group
with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently
protect and enforce its rights, including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction
Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any Proceeding for such purpose.
Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents. For
reasons of administrative convenience only, each Purchaser and its respective counsel have chosen to communicate with the Company through
Haynes and Boone, LLP. The Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the convenience
of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood and agreed that
each provision contained in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser, solely, and
not between the Company and the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

5.19 Liquidated
Damages. The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction Documents
is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts have been
paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts are due
and payable shall have been canceled.

5.20 Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or
granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

5.21 Construction.
The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents
and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party
shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference
to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits,
stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

48

5.22 Tax
Matters. The Company and the Purchaser agree (i) to treat the Notes as debt for all U.S. federal and state income tax purposes,
and, in accordance with Section 385(c) of the Code, such characterization shall be binding upon the Purchasers and the Company
(along with their successors and assigns) and (ii) not to take any position contrary to this Section 5.22 on any tax return,
tax audit or other tax proceedings unless otherwise required by applicable law.

5.23 WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH
KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY
AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

5.24 Agent.

(a) Each
Purchaser hereby (i) appoints Agent, as the collateral agent hereunder and under the other Security Documents, and (ii) authorizes
the Agent (and its officers, directors, employees and agents) to take such action on such Purchasers behalf in accordance with
the terms hereof and thereof. The Agent shall not have, by reason hereof or any of the other Security Documents, a fiduciary relationship
in respect of any Purchaser. Neither the Agent nor any of its officers, directors, employees or agents shall have any liability to any
Purchaser for any action taken or omitted to be taken in connection hereof or any other Security Document except to the extent caused
by its own gross negligence or willful misconduct, and each Purchaser agrees to defend, protect, indemnify and hold harmless the Agent
and all of its officers, directors, employees and agents (collectively, the Agent Indemnitees) from and against any
losses, damages, liabilities, obligations, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, fees, costs and expenses (including, without limitation,
reasonable attorneys fees, costs and expenses) incurred by such Agent Indemnitee, whether direct, indirect or consequential, arising
from or in connection with the performance by such Agent Indemnitee of the duties and obligations of Agent pursuant hereto or any of the
Security Documents. The Agent shall not be required to exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act or to
refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the instructions of the Required Holders,
and such instructions shall be binding upon all holders of Notes; provided, however, that the Agent shall not be required to take any
action which, in the reasonable opinion of the Agent, exposes the Agent to liability or which is contrary to this Agreement or any other
Transaction Document or applicable law. The Agent shall be entitled to rely upon any written notices, statements, certificates, orders
or other documents or any telephone message believed by it in good faith to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made
by the proper Person, and with respect to all matters pertaining to this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents and its duties
hereunder or thereunder, upon advice of counsel selected by it.

49

(b) Successor Agent.

(i) The
Agent may resign from the performance of all its functions and duties hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents at any time
by giving at least ten (10) Business Days prior written notice to the Company and each holder of Notes. Such resignation shall
take effect upon the acceptance by a successor Agent of appointment pursuant to clauses (ii) and (iii) below or as otherwise
provided below. The Required Holders may, by written consent, remove the Agent from all its functions and duties hereunder and under the
other Transaction Documents.

(ii) Upon
any such notice of resignation or removal, the Purchasers shall appoint a successor collateral agent. Upon the acceptance of any appointment
as Agent hereunder by a successor agent, such successor collateral agent shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights,
powers, privileges and duties of the collateral agent, and the Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under this Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents. After the Agents resignation or removal hereunder as the collateral agent, the provisions
of this Section 5.24 shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was the Agent
under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents.

(iii) If
a successor collateral agent shall not have been so appointed within ten (10) Business Days of receipt of a written notice of resignation
or removal, the Agent shall then appoint a successor collateral agent who shall serve as the Agent until such time, if any, as the Required
Holders appoint a successor collateral agent as provided above.

(iv) In
the event that a successor Agent is appointed pursuant to the provisions of this Section 5.24 that is not a Purchaser or an
affiliate of any Purchaser (or the Required Holders or the Agent (or its successor), as applicable, notify the Company that they or it
wants to appoint such a successor Agent pursuant to the terms of this Section 5.24), the Company and each Subsidiary thereof
covenants and agrees to promptly take all actions reasonably requested by the Required Holders or the Agent (or its successor), as applicable,
from time to time, to secure a successor Agent satisfactory to the requesting part(y)(ies), in their sole discretion, including, without
limitation, by paying all reasonable and customary fees and expenses of such successor Agent, by having the Company and each Subsidiary
thereof agree to indemnify any successor Agent pursuant to reasonable and customary terms and by each of the Company and each Subsidiary
thereof executing a collateral agency agreement or similar agreement and/or any amendment to the Security Documents reasonably requested
or required by the successor Agent.

(Signature Pages Follow)

50

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective
authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above.

DATAVAULT AI INC. Address for Notice:

By: 

Name: Brett Moyer Email:

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

[AGENT SIGNATURE PAGE TO
DATAVAULT AI INC. SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

[] Address for Notice:

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

52 

[PURCHASER
SIGNATURE PAGES TO DATAVAULT AI INC. SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.

Name of Purchaser: 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Title of Authorized Signatory: 

Email Address of Authorized Signatory: 

Address for Notice to Purchaser: 

Address for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address
for notice):

Subscription Amount: $________________________

Initial Note Principal Amount: $________________________ ________________________

Additional Note Principal Amount: $________________________

Initial Warrant Shares: ________________________

Additional Warrant Shares: ________________________

[SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]

53 

EXHIBIT A

Form of Additional Note

[attached]

EXHIBIT B

Form of Initial Note

[attached]

EXHIBIT C

Form of Additional Warrant

[attached]

EXHIBIT D

Form of Initial Warrant

[attached]

EXHIBIT E

Form of Security Agreement

[attached]

EXHIBIT F

Form of Subsidiary Guarantee

[attached]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tm2510880d2_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

SECURITY AGREEMENT

This SECURITY AGREEMENT, dated
as of April 1, 2025 (this Agreement), is among Datavault AI, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
the Subsidiaries of the Company party hereto (such Subsidiaries, the Guarantors and together with the Company, the
Debtors), and [], as the collateral agent
(the Agent).

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, pursuant to the
Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement), dated as of the date hereof, between the Company, the Purchasers
(as defined therein, and together with the Agent, collectively, the Secured Parties), and the Agent, the Purchasers
have severally agreed to extend the loans to the Company evidenced by Senior Secured Convertible Notes Due in October, 2026 (the Notes);

WHEREAS,
pursuant to a certain Subsidiary Guarantee, dated as of the date hereof (the Guarantee), the Guarantors have jointly
and severally agreed to guarantee and act as surety for payment of such Notes; and

WHEREAS,
in order to induce the Secured Parties to extend the loans evidenced by the Notes, each Debtor has agreed to execute and deliver to the
Secured Parties this Agreement and to grant the Agent (on behalf and for the benefit of the Secured Parties), pari passu
with each other Secured Party and through the Agent (as defined in Section 18 hereof), a security interest in certain property of
such Debtor to secure the prompt payment, performance and discharge in full of all of the Companys obligations under the Notes
and the Guarantors obligations under the Guarantee.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the agreements herein contained and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

1. Certain
Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth in this Section 1. Terms used
but not otherwise defined in this Agreement (x) that are defined in Article 9 of the UCC (such as account, chattel
paper, commercial tort claim, deposit account, document, equipment, fixtures,
general intangibles, goods, instruments, inventory, investment property,
letter-of-credit rights, proceeds and supporting obligations) shall have the respective meanings
given such terms in Article 9 of the UCC and (y) that are defined in the Notes, shall have the respective meanings given such
terms in the Notes.

(a) Collateral
means the following personal property of the Debtors, whether presently owned or existing or hereafter acquired or coming into existence,
wherever situated, and all additions and accessions thereto and all substitutions and replacements thereof, and all proceeds, products
and accounts thereof, including, without limitation, all proceeds from the sale or transfer of the Collateral and of insurance covering
the same and of any tort claims in connection therewith, and all dividends, interest, cash, notes, securities, equity interest or other
property at any time and from time to time acquired, receivable or otherwise distributed in respect of, or in exchange for, any or all
of the Pledged Securities:

(i) All
goods, including, without limitation, (A) all machinery, equipment, computers, motor vehicles, trucks, tanks, boats, ships, appliances,
furniture, special and general tools, fixtures, test and quality control devices and other equipment of every kind and nature and wherever
situated, together with all documents of title and documents representing the same, all additions and accessions thereto, replacements
therefor, all parts therefor, and all substitutes for any of the foregoing and all other items used and useful in connection with any
Debtors businesses and all improvements thereto; and (B) all inventory;

1.

(ii) All
contract rights and other general intangibles, including, without limitation, all partnership interests, membership interests, stock
or other securities, rights under any of the Organizational Documents, agreements related to the Pledged Securities, licenses, distribution
and other agreements, computer software (whether off-the-shelf, licensed from any third party or developed by any Debtor),
computer software development rights, leases, franchises, customer lists, quality control procedures, grants and rights, goodwill, Intellectual
Property and income tax refunds;

(iii) All
accounts, together with all instruments, all documents of title representing any of the foregoing, all rights in any merchandising, goods,
equipment, motor vehicles and trucks which any of the same may represent, and all right, title, security and guaranties with respect
to each account, including any right of stoppage in transit;

(iv) All
documents, letter-of-credit rights, instruments and chattel paper;

(v) All
commercial tort claims;

(vi) All
deposit accounts and all cash (whether or not deposited in such deposit accounts);

(vii) All
investment property;

(viii) All
supporting obligations;

(ix) All
files, records, books of account, business papers, and computer programs; and

(x) The
products and proceeds of all of the foregoing Collateral set forth in clauses (i) (ix) above.

2.

Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, the Collateral shall include all investment property and general intangibles respecting
ownership and/or other equity interests in each Guarantor, including, without limitation, the shares of capital stock and the other equity
interests as disclosed in a schedule provided to the Agent prior to the date hereof, and any other shares of capital stock and/or other
equity interests of any other direct or indirect Subsidiary of any Debtor obtained in the future, and, in each case, all certificates
representing such shares and/or equity interests and, in each case, all rights, options, warrants, stock, other securities and/or equity
interests that may hereafter be received, receivable or distributed in respect of, or exchanged for, any of the foregoing and all rights
arising under or in connection with the Pledged Securities, including, but not limited to, all dividends, interest and cash.

Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary contained herein, the Collateral shall not include (a) any property that is the subject of
a lien securing purchase money indebtedness permitted under the Notes where the applicable purchase agreement prohibits any Debtor from
granting any other liens in such property, (b) [reserved], (c) any application to register a trademark with the United States
Patent and Trademark Office on the basis of an intent-to-use until an applicable statement of use has been submitted and
accepted by the United States Patent and Trademark Office with respect thereto, and (d) any lease, license or other contract of
any Debtor if the grant of a security interest in such lease, license or contract in the manner contemplated by this Agreement is prohibited
by the terms of such lease, license or contract or by applicable law and would result in the termination of such lease, license or contract
or give the other parties thereto the right to terminate, accelerate or otherwise adversely alter any Debtors rights, titles and
interests thereunder (including upon the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both); provided, that (i) any such limitation
described in the foregoing clause (a) on the security interests granted hereunder shall apply only to the extent that any such
prohibition could not be rendered ineffective pursuant to the UCC or any other applicable law (including pursuant to a Bankruptcy Event
(as defined in the Notes)) or principles of equity and (ii) in the event of the termination or elimination of any such prohibition
or the requirement for any consent contained in such lease, license or contract or in any Applicable Law, to the extent sufficient to
permit any such item to become Collateral hereunder, or upon the granting of any such consent, or waiving or terminating any requirement
for such consent, a security interest in such lease, license or contract shall be automatically and simultaneously granted hereunder
and shall be included as Collateral hereunder.

3.

(b) Intellectual
Property means the collective reference to all rights, priorities and privileges relating to intellectual property, whether
arising under United States, multinational or foreign laws or otherwise, including, without limitation, (i) all copyrights arising
under the laws of the United States, any other country or any political subdivision thereof, whether registered or unregistered and whether
published or unpublished, all registrations and recordings thereof, and all applications in connection therewith, including, without
limitation, all registrations, recordings and applications in the United States Copyright Office, (ii) all letters patent of the
United States, any other country or any political subdivision thereof, all reissues and extensions thereof, and all applications for
letters patent of the United States or any other country and all divisions, continuations and continuations-in-part thereof, (iii) all
trademarks, trade names, corporate names, company names, business names, fictitious business names, trade dress, service marks, logos,
domain names and other source or business identifiers, and all goodwill associated therewith, now existing or hereafter adopted or acquired,
all registrations and recordings thereof, and all applications in connection therewith, whether in the United States Patent and Trademark
Office or in any similar office or agency of the United States, any State thereof or any other country or any political subdivision thereof,
or otherwise, and all common law rights related thereto, (iv) all trade secrets arising under the laws of the United States, any
other country or any political subdivision thereof, (v) all rights to obtain any reissues, renewals or extensions of the foregoing,
(vi) all licenses for any of the foregoing, and (vii) all causes of action for infringement of the foregoing.

(c) Majority
in Interest means, at any time of determination, the majority in interest (based on then outstanding principal amount of Notes
at the time of such determination) of the Secured Parties.

(d) Necessary
Endorsement means undated stock powers endorsed in blank or other proper instruments of assignment duly executed and such
other instruments or documents as the Agent (as that term is defined below) may reasonably request.

(e) Obligations
means all of the liabilities and obligations (primary, secondary, direct, contingent, sole, joint or several) due or to become due, or
that are now or may be hereafter contracted or acquired, or owing to, of any Debtor to the Secured Parties, in each case arising under
this Agreement, the Notes, the Guarantee and the other Transaction Documents (as defined in the Purchase Agreement), whether now or hereafter
existing, voluntary or involuntary, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, whether or not jointly owed
with others, and whether or not from time to time decreased or extinguished and later increased, created or incurred, and all or any
portion of such obligations or liabilities that are paid, to the extent all or any part of such payment is avoided or recovered directly
or indirectly from any of the Secured Parties as a preference, fraudulent transfer or otherwise as such obligations may be amended, supplemented,
converted, extended or modified from time to time. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the term Obligations
shall include, without limitation: (i) principal of, and interest on the Notes and the loans extended pursuant thereto; (ii) any
and all other fees, indemnities, costs, obligations and liabilities of the Debtors from time to time under or in connection with this
Agreement, the Notes, the Guarantee and any other instruments, agreements or other documents executed and/or delivered in connection
herewith or therewith; and (iii) all amounts (including but not limited to post-petition interest) in respect of the foregoing that
would be payable but for the fact that the obligations to pay such amounts are unenforceable or not allowable due to the existence of
a bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceeding involving any Debtor.

4.

(f) Organizational
Documents means with respect to any Debtor, the documents by which such Debtor was organized (such as a certificate of incorporation,
certificate of limited partnership or articles of organization, and including, without limitation, any certificates of designation for
preferred stock or other forms of preferred equity) and which relate to the internal governance of such Debtor (such as bylaws, a partnership
agreement or an operating, limited liability or members agreement).

(g) Pledged
Interests shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4(j).

(h) Release
Date shall mean the conversion and/or repayment in full in cash of all amounts owed under the Notes (excluding inchoate indemnity
or reimbursement obligations for which no demand has been made).

(i) Pledged
Securities shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4(i).

(j) UCC
means the Uniform Commercial Code of the State of Delaware and or any other applicable law of any state or states which has jurisdiction
with respect to all, or any portion of, the Collateral or this Agreement, from time to time. It is the intent of the parties that defined
terms in the UCC should be construed in their broadest sense so that the term Collateral will be construed in its broadest
sense. Accordingly, if there are, from time to time, changes to defined terms in the UCC that broaden the definitions, they are incorporated
herein and if existing definitions in the UCC are broader than the amended definitions, the existing ones shall be controlling.

2. Grant
of Security Interest in Collateral. As an inducement for the Secured Parties to extend the loans as evidenced by the Notes and to
secure the complete and timely payment, performance and discharge in full, as the case may be, of all of the Obligations, each Debtor
hereby unconditionally and irrevocably pledges, grants and hypothecates to the Agent (on behalf and for the benefit of the Secured Parties)
a security interest in and to, a lien upon and a right of set-off against all of their respective right, title and interest of whatsoever
kind and nature in and to, the Collateral (a Security Interest and, collectively, the Security Interests).

5.

3. Delivery
of Certain Collateral. Contemporaneously or prior to the execution of this Agreement, each Debtor shall deliver or cause to be delivered
to the Agent (a) any and all certificates and other instruments representing or evidencing the Pledged Securities, and (b) any
and all certificates and other instruments or documents representing any of the other Collateral, in each case, together with all Necessary
Endorsements. The Debtors are, contemporaneously with the execution hereof, delivering to Agent, or have previously delivered to Agent,
a true and correct copy of each Organizational Document governing any of the Pledged Securities.

4. Representations,
Warranties, Covenants and Agreements of the Debtors. Each Debtor represents and warrants to, and solely until the Release Date covenants
and agrees with, the Secured Parties as follows:

(a) Each
Debtor has the requisite corporate, partnership, limited liability company or other power and authority to enter into this Agreement
and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder. The execution, delivery and performance by each Debtor of this Agreement and the
filings contemplated therein have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of such Debtor and no further action
is required by such Debtor. This Agreement has been duly executed by each Debtor. This Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding
obligation of each Debtor, enforceable against each Debtor in accordance with its terms except as such enforceability may be limited
by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization and similar laws of general application relating to or affecting the rights and
remedies of creditors and by general principles of equity.

(b) Except
for the Debtors respective principal places of business, the Debtors have no other place of business or offices where their respective
books of account and records are kept (other than temporarily at the offices of its attorneys or accountants) or places where Collateral
is stored or located. Each Debtor is the lessee or record owner of the real property where such Collateral is located, and there exist
no mortgages or other liens on any such real property except for Permitted Liens (as defined in the Notes). None of such Collateral is
in the possession of any consignee, bailee, warehouseman, agent or processor.

(c) Except
for Permitted Liens (as defined in the Notes), the Debtors are the sole owner of the Collateral, free and clear of any liens, security
interests, encumbrances, rights or claims, and are fully authorized through all corporate or limited liability company power, as applicable,
to grant the Security Interests. There is not on file in any governmental or regulatory authority, agency or recording office an effective
financing statement, security agreement, license or transfer or any notice of any of the foregoing (other than those that will be filed
in favor of the Secured Parties pursuant to this Agreement) covering or affecting any of the Collateral. As long as this Agreement shall
be in effect, the Debtors shall not execute and shall not knowingly permit to be on file in any such office or agency any other financing
statement or other document or instrument (except to the extent filed or recorded in favor of the Secured Parties pursuant to the terms
of this Agreement or in connection with any Permitted Lien)

6.

(d) No
written claim has been received that any Collateral or any Debtors use of any Collateral violates the rights of any third party.
There has been no adverse decision to any Debtors claim of ownership rights in or exclusive rights to use the Collateral in any
jurisdiction or to any Debtors right to keep and maintain such Collateral in full force and effect, and there is no proceeding
involving said rights pending or, to the best knowledge of any Debtor, threatened before any court, judicial body, administrative or
regulatory agency, arbitrator or other governmental authority.

(e) Each
Debtor shall at all times maintain its books of account and records relating to the Collateral at its principal place of business and
its Collateral at the locations disclosed to the Agent prior to the date hereof and may not relocate such books of account and records
or tangible Collateral unless it delivers to the Secured Parties at least ten days prior to such relocation (i) written notice of
such relocation and the new location thereof (which must be within the United States) and (ii) evidence that appropriate financing
statements under the UCC and other necessary documents, if any, have been filed and recorded and other steps have been taken to perfect
the Security Interests to create in favor of the Secured Parties a valid, perfected and continuing perfected first priority lien in the
Collateral.

(f) This
Agreement creates in favor of the Secured Parties a valid security interest in the Collateral, subject only to Permitted Liens (as defined
in the Notes), securing the payment and performance of the Obligations. Upon making the filings described in the immediately following
paragraph, all security interests created hereunder in any Collateral which may be perfected by filing Uniform Commercial Code financing
statements shall have been duly perfected. Except for the filing of the Uniform Commercial Code financing statements referred to in the
immediately following paragraph, the recordation of the Intellectual Property Security Agreement (as defined in Section 4(p) hereof),
and the execution and delivery of any deposit account control agreements satisfying the requirements of Section 9-104(a)(2) of
the UCC, no consent of any third parties and no authorization, approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental
authority or regulatory body is required for (i) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, (ii) the creation
or perfection of the Security Interests created hereunder in the Collateral or (iii) the enforcement of the rights of the Agent
and the Secured Parties hereunder.

(g) Each
Debtor hereby authorizes the Agent to file one or more financing statements under the UCC, with respect to the Security Interests, with
the proper filing and recording agencies in any jurisdiction deemed proper by it.

7.

(h) The
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Debtors does not (i) violate any of the provisions of any Organizational
Documents of any Debtor or any judgment, decree, order or award of any court, governmental body or arbitrator or any applicable law,
rule or regulation applicable to any Debtor or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or
lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation
(with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any material agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing any
Debtors debt or otherwise). If any, all required consents (including, without limitation, from stockholders or creditors of any
Debtor) necessary for any Debtor to enter into and perform its obligations hereunder have been obtained.

(i) The
capital stock and other equity interests disclosed in a schedule provided to the Agent prior to the date hereof (the Pledged
Securities) represent all of the capital stock and other equity interests of the Guarantors, and represent all capital stock
and other equity interests owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company. All of the Pledged Securities are validly issued, fully paid
and nonassessable, and the Company is the legal and beneficial owner of the Pledged Securities, free and clear of any lien, security
interest or other encumbrance except for the security interests created by this Agreement and other Permitted Liens (as defined in the
Notes).

(j) The
ownership and other equity interests in partnerships and limited liability companies (if any) included in the Collateral (the Pledged
Interests) by their express terms do not provide that they are securities governed by Article 8 of the UCC and are not
held in a securities account or by any financial intermediary.

(k) Except
for Permitted Liens (as defined in the Notes), each Debtor shall at all times maintain the liens and Security Interests provided for
hereunder as valid and perfected first priority liens and security interests in the Collateral in favor of the Secured Parties until
this Agreement and the Security Interest hereunder shall be terminated pursuant to Section 14 hereof. Each Debtor hereby agrees
to defend the same against the claims of any and all persons and entities. Each Debtor shall safeguard and protect all Collateral for
the account of the Secured Parties. At the request of the Agent, each Debtor will sign and deliver to the Agent on behalf of the Secured
Parties at any time or from time to time one or more financing statements pursuant to the UCC in form reasonably satisfactory to the
Agent and will pay the cost of filing the same in all public offices wherever filing is, or is deemed by the Agent to be, necessary or
desirable to effect the rights and obligations provided for herein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Debtor shall
pay all fees, taxes and other amounts necessary to maintain the Collateral and the Security Interests hereunder, and each Debtor shall
obtain and furnish to the Agent from time to time, upon demand, such releases and/or subordinations of claims and liens which may be
required to maintain the priority of the Security Interests hereunder.

8.

(l) No
Debtor will transfer, pledge, hypothecate, encumber, license, sell or otherwise dispose of any of the Collateral (except as permitted
under the Notes) without the prior written consent of a Majority in Interest.

(m) Each
Debtor shall keep and preserve its equipment, inventory and other tangible Collateral in good condition, repair and order (ordinary war
and tear excluded), and shall not operate or locate any such Collateral (or cause to be operated or located) in any area excluded from
insurance coverage.

(n) Each
Debtor shall maintain with financially sound and reputable insurers, insurance with respect to the Collateral, including Collateral hereafter
acquired, against loss or damage of the kinds and in the amounts customarily insured against by entities of established reputation having
similar properties similarly situated and in such amounts as are customarily carried under similar circumstances by other such entities
and otherwise as is prudent for entities engaged in similar businesses but in any event sufficient to cover the full replacement cost
thereof. Each Debtor shall cause each insurance policy issued in connection herewith to provide, and the insurer issuing such policy
to certify to the Agent, that (a) the Agent will be named as lender loss payee and additional insured under each such insurance
policy; (b) if such insurance be proposed to be cancelled or materially changed for any reason whatsoever, such insurer will promptly
notify the Agent and such cancellation or change shall not be effective as to the Agent for at least thirty (30) days after receipt by
the Agent of such notice, unless the effect of such change is to extend or increase coverage under the policy; and (c) the Agent
will have the right (but no obligation) at its election to remedy any default in the payment of premiums within ten (10) days of
notice from the insurer of such default. If no Event of Default exists and if the proceeds arising out of any claim or series of related
claims do not exceed $100,000, loss payments in each instance will be applied by the applicable Debtor to the repair and/or replacement
of property with respect to which the loss was incurred to the extent reasonably feasible, and any loss payments or the balance thereof
remaining, to the extent not so applied, shall be payable to the applicable Debtor; provided, however, that payments received
by any Debtor after an Event of Default occurs and is continuing or in excess of $100,000 for any occurrence or series of related occurrences
shall be paid to the Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties and, if received by such Debtor, shall be held in trust for the Secured Parties
and immediately paid over to the Agent unless otherwise directed in writing by the Agent. Copies of such policies or the related certificates,
in each case, naming the Agent as lender loss payee and additional insured shall be delivered to the Agent at least annually and at the
time any new policy of insurance is issued.

(o) Each
Debtor shall, within ten days of obtaining knowledge thereof, advise the Secured Parties promptly, in sufficient detail, of any material
adverse change in the Collateral, and of the occurrence of any event which would have a material adverse effect on the value of the Collateral
or on the Secured Parties security interest, through the Agent therein.

9.

(p) Each
Debtor shall promptly execute and deliver to the Agent such further assignments, security agreements, financing statements or other instruments,
documents, certificates and assurances and take such further action as the Agent may from time to time reasonably request and may in
its sole discretion deem necessary to perfect, protect or enforce the Secured Parties security interest in the Collateral including,
without limitation, if applicable, the execution and delivery of a separate security agreement with respect to each Debtors Intellectual
Property (Intellectual Property Security Agreement) in which the Secured Parties have been granted a security interest
hereunder, substantially in a form reasonably acceptable to the Agent, which Intellectual Property Security Agreement, other than as
stated therein, shall be subject to all of the terms and conditions hereof.

(q) Each
Debtor shall permit the Agent and its representatives and agents to inspect the Collateral during normal business hours and upon reasonable
prior notice, and to make copies of records pertaining to the Collateral as may be reasonably requested by the Agent from time to time;
provided, that unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Debtors shall not be obligated to reimburse the Agent for more
than one such inspection in any calendar year.

(r) Each
Debtor shall take all steps reasonably necessary to diligently pursue and seek to preserve, enforce and collect any rights, claims, causes
of action and accounts receivable in respect of the Collateral.

(s) Each
Debtor shall promptly notify the Secured Parties in sufficient detail upon becoming aware of any attachment, garnishment, execution or
other legal process levied against any Collateral and of any other information received by such Debtor that may materially affect the
value of the Collateral, the Security Interest or the rights and remedies of the Secured Parties hereunder..

(t) All
information heretofore, herein or hereafter supplied to the Secured Parties by or on behalf of any Debtor with respect to the Collateral
is true and correct in all material respects as of the date furnished.

(u) The
Debtors shall at all times preserve and keep in full force and effect their respective valid existence and good standing and any rights
and franchises material to its business.

(v) 
No Debtor will change its name, type of organization, jurisdiction of organization,
organizational identification number (if it has one), legal or corporate structure, or identity, or add any new fictitious name
unless it provides at least 10 days prior written notice to the Secured Parties of such change and, at the time of such
written notification, such Debtor provides any financing statements or fixture filings necessary to perfect and continue the
perfection of the Security Interests granted and evidenced by this Agreement.

10.

(w) Except
in the ordinary course of business, no Debtor may consign any of its inventory or sell any of its inventory on bill and hold, sale or
return, sale on approval, or other conditional terms of sale without the consent of the Agent which shall not be unreasonably withheld.

(x) No
Debtor may relocate its chief executive office to a new location without providing 10 days prior written notification thereof
to the Secured Parties and so long as, at the time of such written notification, such Debtor provides any financing statements or fixture
filings necessary to perfect and continue the perfection of the Security Interests granted and evidenced by this Agreement.

(y) Each
Debtor was organized and remains organized solely under the laws of the state of formation or incorporation as of the date hereof.

(z) (i)
The actual name of each Debtor is stated on the signatures pages hereto; (ii) no Debtor has any trade names except as
disclosed to the Agent prior to the date hereof; (iii) no Debtor has used any name other than that stated in the preamble
hereto; and (iv) no entity has merged into any Debtor or been acquired by any Debtor within the past five years except as
disclosed to the Agent prior to the date hereof.

(aa) At
any time and from time to time that any Collateral consists of instruments, certificated securities or other items that require or permit
possession by the secured party to perfect the security interest created hereby, the applicable Debtor shall deliver such Collateral
to the Agent.

(bb) Each
Debtor, in its capacity as issuer, hereby agrees, to comply with any and all orders and instructions of Agent regarding the Pledged Interests
consistent with the terms of this Agreement without the further consent of any Debtor as contemplated by Section 8-106 (or any successor
section) of the UCC. Further, each Debtor agrees that it shall not enter into a similar agreement (or one that would confer control
within the meaning of Article 8 of the UCC) with any other person or entity.

(cc) Each
Debtor shall cause all tangible chattel paper constituting Collateral to be delivered to the Agent, or, if such delivery is not possible,
then to cause such tangible chattel paper to contain a legend noting that it is subject to the security interest created by this Agreement.
To the extent that any Collateral consists of electronic chattel paper, the applicable Debtor shall cause the underlying chattel paper
to be marked within the meaning of Section 9-105 of the UCC (or successor section thereto).

(dd) Reserved.

(ee) To
the extent that any Collateral consists of letter-of-credit rights, the applicable Debtor shall cause the issuer of each underlying letter
of credit to consent to an assignment of the proceeds thereof to the Secured Parties.

11.

(ff) To
the extent that any Collateral is in the possession of any third party, the applicable Debtor shall join with the Agent in notifying
such third party of the Secured Parties security interest in such Collateral and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to
obtain an acknowledgement and agreement from such third party with respect to the Collateral, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Agent.

(gg) If
any Debtor shall at any time hold or acquire a commercial tort claim, such Debtor shall promptly notify the Secured Parties in a writing
signed by such Debtor of the particulars thereof and grant to the Secured Parties in such writing a security interest therein and in
the proceeds thereof, all upon the terms of this Agreement, with such writing to be in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent.

(hh) [Reserved].

(ii) Each
Debtor shall cause each subsidiary of such Debtor to, within 30 days after the acquisition or formation of such subsidiary, enter into
a Subsidiary Guarantee in favor of the Secured Party, in the form of Exhibit F to the Purchase Agreement, and become a party hereto
(an Additional Debtor), by executing and delivering an Additional Debtor Joinder in substantially the form of Annex
A attached hereto and comply with the provisions hereof applicable to the Debtors. The Additional Debtor shall also deliver such
opinions of counsel, authorizing resolutions, good standing certificates, incumbency certificates, organizational documents, financing
statements and other information and documentation as the Agent may reasonably request. Upon delivery of the foregoing to the Agent,
the Additional Debtor shall be and become a party to this Agreement with the same rights and obligations as the Debtors, for all purposes
hereof as fully and to the same extent as if it were an original signatory hereto and shall be deemed to have made the representations,
warranties and covenants set forth herein as of the date of execution and delivery of such Additional Debtor Joinder, and all references
herein to the Debtors shall be deemed to include each Additional Debtor.

(jj) Each
Debtor shall vote the Pledged Securities to comply with the covenants and agreements set forth herein and in the Notes.

(kk) Each
Debtor shall register the pledge of the applicable Pledged Securities on the books of such Debtor. Each Debtor shall notify each issuer
of Pledged Securities to register the pledge of the applicable Pledged Securities in the name of the Secured Parties on the books of
such issuer. Further, except with respect to certificated securities delivered to the Agent, the applicable Debtor shall deliver to Agent
an acknowledgement of pledge (which, where appropriate, shall comply with the requirements of the relevant UCC with respect to perfection
by registration) signed by the issuer of the applicable Pledged Securities, which acknowledgement shall confirm that: (a) it has
registered the pledge on its books and records; and (b) at any time directed by Agent during the continuation of an Event of Default,
such issuer will transfer the record ownership of such Pledged Securities into the name of any designee of Agent, will take such steps
as may be necessary to effect the transfer, and will comply with all other instructions of Agent regarding such Pledged Securities without
the further consent of the applicable Debtor.

12.

(ll) In
the event that, upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, Agent shall sell all or any of the Pledged Securities to another party or
parties (herein called the Transferee) or shall purchase or retain all or any of the Pledged Securities, each Debtor
shall, to the extent applicable: (i) deliver to Agent or the Transferee, as the case may be, the articles of incorporation, bylaws,
minute books, stock certificate books, corporate seals, deeds, leases, indentures, agreements, evidences of indebtedness, books of account,
financial records and all other Organizational Documents and records of the Debtors and their direct and indirect Subsidiaries; (ii) use
its best efforts to obtain resignations of the persons then serving as officers and directors of the Debtors and their direct and indirect
Subsidiaries, if so requested; and (iii) use its best efforts to obtain any approvals that are required by any governmental or regulatory
body in order to permit the sale of the Pledged Securities to the Transferee or the purchase or retention of the Pledged Securities by
Agent and allow the Transferee or Agent to continue the business of the Debtors and their direct and indirect Subsidiaries.

(mm) Without
limiting the generality of the other obligations of the Debtors hereunder, each Debtor shall promptly (i) cause to be registered
at the United States Copyright Office all of its material copyrights, and (ii) give the Agent notice within a reasonable timeframe
after acquiring (whether absolutely or by license) or creating any additional material Intellectual Property.

(nn) Each
Debtor will from time to time, at the joint and several expense of the Debtors, promptly execute and deliver all such further instruments
and documents, and take all such further action as may be necessary or desirable, or as the Agent may reasonably request, in order to
perfect and protect any security interest granted or purported to be granted hereby or to enable the Secured Parties to exercise and
enforce their rights and remedies hereunder and with respect to any Collateral or to otherwise carry out the purposes of this Agreement.

5. Effect
of Pledge on Certain Rights. If any of the Collateral subject to this Agreement consists of nonvoting equity or ownership interests
(regardless of class, designation, preference or rights) that may be converted into voting equity or ownership interests upon the occurrence
of certain events (including, without limitation, upon the transfer of all or any of the other stock or assets of the issuer), it is
agreed that the pledge of such equity or ownership interests pursuant to this Agreement or the enforcement of any of Agents rights
hereunder shall not be deemed to be the type of event which would trigger such conversion rights notwithstanding any provisions in the
Organizational Documents or agreements to which any Debtor is subject or to which any Debtor is party.

13.

6. [Reserved].

7. Duty
to Hold in Trust.

(a) Upon
the occurrence of any Event of Default and at any time thereafter, each Debtor shall, upon receipt of any revenue, income, dividend,
interest or other sums subject to the Security Interests, whether payable pursuant to the Notes or otherwise, or of any check, draft,
note, trade acceptance or other instrument evidencing an obligation to pay any such sum, hold the same in trust for the Secured Parties
and shall forthwith endorse and transfer any such sums or instruments, or both, to the Secured Parties, pro-rata in proportion to their
respective then-currently outstanding principal amount of Notes for application to the satisfaction of the Obligations (and if any Note
is not outstanding, pro-rata in proportion to the initial purchases of the remaining Notes).

(b) If
any Debtor shall become entitled to receive or shall receive any securities or other property (including, without limitation, shares
of Pledged Securities or instruments representing Pledged Securities acquired after the date hereof, or any options, warrants, rights
or other similar property or certificates representing a dividend, or any distribution in connection with any recapitalization, reclassification
or increase or reduction of capital, or issued in connection with any reorganization of such Debtor or any of its direct or indirect
Subsidiaries) in respect of the Pledged Securities (whether as an addition to, in substitution of, or in exchange for, such Pledged Securities
or otherwise), such Debtor agrees to (i) accept the same as the agent of the Secured Parties; (ii) hold the same in trust on
behalf of and for the benefit of the Secured Parties; and (iii) to deliver any and all certificates or instruments evidencing the
same to Agent on or before the close of business on the fifth Business Day following the receipt thereof by such Debtor, in the exact
form received together with the Necessary Endorsements, to be held by Agent subject to the terms of this Agreement as Collateral.

8. Rights
and Remedies Upon Default.

(a) Upon
the occurrence of any Event of Default and at any time thereafter, the Secured Parties, acting through the Agent, shall have the right
to exercise all of the remedies conferred hereunder and under the Notes, and the Secured Parties shall have all the rights and remedies
of a secured party under the UCC. Without limitation, the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, shall have the following rights
and powers:

(i) The
Agent shall have the right to take possession of the Collateral and, for that purpose, enter, with the aid and assistance of any person,
any premises where the Collateral, or any part thereof, is or may be placed and remove the same, and each Debtor shall assemble the Collateral
and make it available to the Agent at places which the Agent shall reasonably select, whether at such Debtors premises or elsewhere,
and make available to the Agent, without rent, all of such Debtors respective premises and facilities for the purpose of the Agent
taking possession of, removing or putting the Collateral in saleable or disposable form.

14.

(ii) Upon
five Business Days notice to the Debtors by Agent, all rights of each Debtor to exercise the voting and other consensual rights
which it would otherwise be entitled to exercise and all rights of each Debtor to receive the dividends and interest which it would otherwise
be authorized to receive and retain, shall cease. Upon the giving of such notice, Agent shall have the right to receive, for the benefit
of the Secured Parties, any interest, cash dividends or other payments on the Collateral and, at the option of Agent, to exercise in
such Agents discretion all voting rights pertaining thereto. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Agent shall have
the right (but not the obligation) to exercise all rights with respect to the Collateral as it were the sole and absolute owner thereof,
including, without limitation, to vote and/or to exchange, at its sole discretion, any or all of the Collateral in connection with a
merger, reorganization, consolidation, recapitalization or other readjustment concerning or involving the Collateral or any Debtor or
any of its direct or indirect Subsidiaries.

(iii) The
Agent shall have the right to operate the business of each Debtor using the Collateral and shall have the right to assign, sell, lease
or otherwise dispose of and deliver all or any part of the Collateral, at public or private sale or otherwise, either with or without
special conditions or stipulations, for cash or on credit or for future delivery, in such parcel or parcels and at such time or times
and at such place or places, and upon such terms and conditions as the Agent may deem commercially reasonable, all without (except as
shall be required by applicable statute and cannot be waived) advertisement or demand upon or notice to any Debtor or right of redemption
of a Debtor, which are hereby expressly waived. Upon each such sale, lease, assignment or other transfer of Collateral, the Agent, for
the benefit of the Secured Parties, may, unless prohibited by applicable law which cannot be waived, purchase all or any part of the
Collateral being sold, free from and discharged of all trusts, claims, right of redemption and equities of any Debtor, which are hereby
waived and released.

(iv) The
Agent shall have the right (but not the obligation) to notify any account debtors and any obligors under instruments or accounts to make
payments directly to the Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, and to enforce the Debtors rights against such account debtors
and obligors.

(v) The
Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, may (but is not obligated to) direct any financial intermediary or any other person or
entity holding any investment property to transfer the same to the Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, or its designee.

15.

(vi) The
Agent may (but is not obligated to) transfer any or all Intellectual Property registered in the name of any Debtor at the United States
Patent and Trademark Office and/or Copyright Office into the name of the Secured Parties or any designee or any purchaser of any Collateral.

(b) The
Agent shall comply with any applicable law in connection with a disposition of Collateral and such compliance will not be considered
adversely to affect the commercial reasonableness of any sale of the Collateral. The Agent may sell the Collateral without giving any
warranties and may specifically disclaim such warranties. If the Agent sells any of the Collateral on credit, the Debtors will only be
credited with payments actually made by the purchaser. In addition, each Debtor waives any and all rights that it may have to a judicial
hearing in advance of the enforcement of any of the Agents rights and remedies hereunder, including, without limitation, its right
following an Event of Default to take immediate possession of the Collateral and to exercise its rights and remedies with respect thereto.

(c) For
the purpose of enabling the Agent to further exercise rights and remedies under this Section 8 or elsewhere provided by agreement
or applicable law, each Debtor hereby grants to the Agent, for the benefit of the Agent and the Secured Parties, an irrevocable, nonexclusive
license (exercisable without payment of royalty or other compensation to such Debtor) to use, license or sublicense following an Event
of Default, any Intellectual Property now owned or hereafter acquired by such Debtor, and wherever the same may be located, and including
in such license access to all media in which any of the licensed items may be recorded or stored and to all computer software and programs
used for the compilation or printout thereof.

9. Applications
of Proceeds. The proceeds of any such sale, lease or other disposition of the Collateral hereunder or from payments made on account
of any insurance policy insuring any portion of the Collateral shall be applied first, to the expenses of retaking, holding, storing,
processing and preparing for sale, selling, and the like (including, without limitation, any taxes, fees and other costs incurred in
connection therewith) of the Collateral, to the reasonable attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Agent in enforcing the
Secured Parties rights hereunder and in connection with collecting, storing and disposing of the Collateral, and then to satisfaction
of the Obligations pro rata among the Secured Parties (based on then-outstanding principal amounts of Notes at the time of any such determination),
and to the payment of any other amounts required by applicable law, after which the Secured Parties shall pay to the applicable Debtor
any surplus proceeds. For the avoidance of doubt, if, upon the sale, license or other disposition of the Collateral, the proceeds thereof
are insufficient to pay all amounts to which the Secured Parties are legally entitled, the Debtors will be liable for the deficiency.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, each Debtor waives all claims, damages and demands against the Secured Parties arising out
of the repossession, removal, retention or sale of the Collateral, unless due solely to the gross negligence or willful misconduct of
the Secured Parties as determined by a final judgment (not subject to further appeal) of a court of competent jurisdiction.

16.

10. Securities
Law Provision. Each Debtor recognizes that Agent may be limited in its ability to effect a sale to the public of all or part of the
Pledged Securities by reason of certain prohibitions in the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or other federal or state securities
laws (collectively, the Securities Laws), and may be compelled to resort to one or more sales to a restricted group
of purchasers who may be required to agree to acquire the Pledged Securities for their own account, for investment and not with a view
to the distribution or resale thereof. Each Debtor agrees that sales so made may be at prices and on terms less favorable than if the
Pledged Securities were sold to the public, and that Agent has no obligation to delay the sale of any Pledged Securities for the period
of time necessary to register the Pledged Securities for sale to the public under the Securities Laws. Each Debtor shall cooperate with
Agent in its attempt to satisfy any requirements under the Securities Laws (including, without limitation, registration thereunder if
requested by Agent) applicable to the sale of the Pledged Securities by Agent.

11. Costs
and Expenses. Subject to the Purchase Agreement, each Debtor agrees to pay all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, costs
and expenses incurred in connection with any filing required hereunder, including without limitation, any financing statements pursuant
to the UCC, continuation statements, partial releases and/or termination statements related thereto or any expenses of any searches reasonably
required by the Agent. The Debtors shall also pay all other claims and charges which in the reasonable opinion of the Agent is reasonably
likely to prejudice, imperil or otherwise affect the Collateral or the Security Interests therein. Subject to the Purchase Agreement,
the Debtors will also, upon demand, pay to the Agent the amount of any and all reasonable and documented expenses, including the reasonable
and documented fees and expenses of its counsel and of any experts and agents, which the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties,
may incur in connection with the creation, perfection, protection, satisfaction, foreclosure, collection or enforcement of the Security
Interest and the preparation, administration, continuance, amendment or enforcement of this Agreement and pay to the Agent the amount
of any and all reasonable and documented expenses, including the reasonable fees and expenses of its counsel and of any experts and agents,
which the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, and the Secured Parties may incur in connection with (i) the enforcement
of this Agreement, (ii) the custody or preservation of, or the sale of, collection from, or other realization upon, any of the Collateral,
or (iii) the exercise or enforcement of any of the rights of the Secured Parties under the Notes.

17.

12. Responsibility
for Collateral. The Debtors assume all liabilities and responsibility in connection with all Collateral, and the Obligations shall
in no way be affected or diminished by reason of the loss, destruction, damage or theft of any of the Collateral or its unavailability
for any reason. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) neither the Agent nor any Secured Party (i) has any duty
(either before or after an Event of Default) to collect any amounts in respect of the Collateral or to preserve any rights relating to
the Collateral, or (ii) has any obligation to clean-up or otherwise prepare the Collateral for sale, and (b) each Debtor shall
remain obligated and liable under each contract or agreement included in the Collateral to be observed or performed by such Debtor thereunder.
Neither the Agent nor any Secured Party shall have any obligation or liability under any such contract or agreement by reason of or arising
out of this Agreement or the receipt by the Agent or any Secured Party of any payment relating to any of the Collateral, nor shall the
Agent or any Secured Party be obligated in any manner to perform any of the obligations of any Debtor under or pursuant to any such contract
or agreement, to make inquiry as to the nature or sufficiency of any payment received by the Agent or any Secured Party in respect of
the Collateral or as to the sufficiency of any performance by any party under any such contract or agreement, to present or file any
claim, to take any action to enforce any performance or to collect the payment of any amounts which may have been assigned to the Agent
or to which the Agent or any Secured Party may be entitled at any time or times.

13. Security
Interests Absolute. All rights of the Secured Parties and all obligations of the Debtors hereunder, shall be absolute and unconditional,
irrespective of: (a) any lack of validity or enforceability of this Agreement, the Notes or any agreement entered into in connection
with the foregoing, or any portion hereof or thereof; (b) any change in the time, manner or place of payment or performance of,
or in any other term of, all or any of the Obligations, or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent to any departure from the
Notes or any other agreement entered into in connection with the foregoing; (c) any exchange, release or nonperfection of any of
the Collateral, or any release or amendment or waiver of or consent to departure from any other collateral for, or any guarantee, or
any other security, for all or any of the Obligations; (d) any action by the Secured Parties to obtain, adjust, settle and cancel
in its sole discretion any insurance claims or matters made or arising in connection with the Collateral; or (e) any other circumstance
which might otherwise constitute any legal or equitable defense available to a Debtor, or a discharge of all or any part of the Security
Interests granted hereby. Until the Release Date, the rights of the Secured Parties shall continue even if the Obligations are barred
for any reason, including, without limitation, the running of the statute of limitations or bankruptcy. Each Debtor expressly waives
presentment, protest, notice of protest, demand, notice of nonpayment and demand for performance. In the event that at any time any transfer
of any Collateral or any payment received by the Secured Parties hereunder shall be deemed by final order of a court of competent jurisdiction
to have been a voidable preference or fraudulent conveyance under the bankruptcy or insolvency laws of the United States, or shall be
deemed to be otherwise due to any party other than the Secured Parties, then, in any such event, each Debtors obligations hereunder
shall survive cancellation of this Agreement, and shall not be discharged or satisfied by any prior payment thereof and/or cancellation
of this Agreement, but shall remain a valid and binding obligation enforceable in accordance with the terms and provisions hereof. Each
Debtor waives all right to require the Secured Parties to proceed against any other person or entity or to apply any Collateral which
the Secured Parties may hold at any time, or to marshal assets, or to pursue any other remedy. Each Debtor waives any defense arising
by reason of the application of the statute of limitations to any obligation secured hereby.

18.

14. Term
of Agreement; Release of Security Interests.

(a) This
Agreement and the Security Interests shall terminate on the Release Date; provided, that the indemnity provided for in Section 19(k) of
this Agreement shall survive its termination.

(b) At
such time as the Release Date has occurred, the Collateral shall be released from the Liens created hereby, and this Agreement and all
obligations (other than those expressly stated to survive such termination) of each Debtor hereunder shall terminate, all without delivery
of any instrument or performance of any act by any party, and all rights to the Collateral shall revert to the Debtors. At the request
and sole expense of any Debtor following any such termination, the Agent shall deliver to such Debtor any Collateral held by the Agent
hereunder, and execute and deliver to such Debtor such documents as such Debtor shall reasonably request to evidence such termination.

(c) If
any of the Collateral shall be disposed of or transferred by any Debtor in a transaction not prohibited by the Transaction Documents,
then such Collateral shall be released from the Liens created by hereby, and from time to time thereafter the Agent, at the request and
sole expense of such Debtor, shall execute and deliver to such Debtor all releases or other documents reasonably necessary or desirable
for the release of the Liens created hereby on such Collateral.

15. Power
of Attorney; Further Assurances.

(a) Each
Debtor authorizes the Agent, and does hereby make, constitute and appoint the Agent and its officers, agents, successors or assigns with
full power of substitution, as such Debtors true and lawful attorney-in-fact, with power, in the name of the Agent or such Debtor,
to, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, (i) endorse any note, checks, drafts, money orders or
other instruments of payment (including payments payable under or in respect of any policy of insurance) in respect of the Collateral
that may come into possession of the Agent; (ii) to sign and endorse any financing statement pursuant to the UCC or any invoice,
freight or express bill, bill of lading, storage or warehouse receipts, drafts against debtors, assignments, verifications and notices
in connection with accounts, and other documents relating to the Collateral; (iii) to pay or discharge taxes, liens, security interests
or other encumbrances at any time levied or placed on or threatened against the Collateral; (iv) to demand, collect, receipt for,
compromise, settle and sue for monies due in respect of the Collateral; (v) to transfer any Intellectual Property or provide licenses
respecting any Intellectual Property; and (vi) generally, at the option of the Agent, and at the expense of the Debtors, at any
time, or from time to time, to execute and deliver any and all documents and instruments and to do all acts and things which the Agent
deems necessary to protect, preserve and realize upon the Collateral and the Security Interests granted therein in order to effect the
intent of this Agreement and the Notes all as fully and effectually as the Debtors might or could do; and each Debtor hereby ratifies
all that said attorney shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. This power of attorney is coupled with an interest and
shall be irrevocable until the Release Date. The designation set forth herein shall be deemed to amend and supersede any inconsistent
provision in the Organizational Documents or other documents or agreements to which any Debtor is subject or to which any Debtor is a
party. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, each
Secured Party is specifically authorized to execute and file any applications for or instruments of transfer and assignment of any patents,
trademarks, copyrights or other Intellectual Property with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the United States Copyright
Office.

19.

(b) On
a continuing basis, each Debtor will make, execute, acknowledge, deliver, file and record, as the case may be, with the proper filing
and recording agencies in any jurisdiction, all such instruments, and take all such action as may reasonably be deemed necessary or advisable,
or as reasonably requested by the Agent, to perfect the Security Interests granted hereunder and otherwise to carry out the intent and
purposes of this Agreement, or for assuring and confirming to the Agent the grant or perfection of a perfected security interest in all
the Collateral under the UCC.

(c) Each
Debtor hereby irrevocably appoints the Agent as such Debtors attorney-in-fact, with full authority in the place and instead of
such Debtor and in the name of such Debtor, from time to time in the Agents discretion, to take any action and to execute any
instrument which the Agent may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes of this Agreement, including the filing, in its
sole discretion, of one or more financing or continuation statements and amendments thereto, relative to any of the Collateral without
the signature of such Debtor where permitted by law, which financing statements may (but need not) describe the Collateral as all
assets or all personal property or words of like import, and ratifies all such actions taken by the Agent. This
power of attorney is coupled with an interest and shall be irrevocable until the Release Date.

16. Notices.
All notices, requests, demands and other communications hereunder shall be subject to the notice provision of the Purchase Agreement
(as such term is defined in the Notes).

17. Other
Security. To the extent that the Obligations are now or hereafter secured by property other than the Collateral or by the guarantee,
endorsement or property of any other person, firm, corporation or other entity, then the Agent shall have the right, in its sole discretion,
to pursue, relinquish, subordinate, modify or take any other action with respect thereto, without in any way modifying or affecting any
of the Secured Parties rights and remedies hereunder.

18. Appointment
of Agent. Pursuant to Section 5.24 of the Purchase Agreement, the Secured Parties have appointed []
to act as their agent (Agent) for purposes of exercising any and all rights and remedies of the Secured Parties hereunder.

20.

19. Miscellaneous.

(a) No
course of dealing between the Debtors and the Secured Parties, nor any failure to exercise, nor any delay in exercising, on the part
of the Secured Parties, any right, power or privilege hereunder or under the Notes shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single
or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder or thereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise
of any other right, power or privilege.

(b) All
of the rights and remedies of the Secured Parties with respect to the Collateral, whether established hereby or by the Notes or by any
other agreements, instruments or documents or by law shall be cumulative and may be exercised singly or concurrently.

(c) This
Agreement contains the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements
and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into this Agreement.
No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of
an amendment, by the Debtors and the Secured Parties holding 50.1% or more of the principal amount of Notes then outstanding and/or,
in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought.

(d) If
any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void
or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and
effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts
to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision,
covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or
unenforceable.

(e) No
waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver
in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any
delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right.

21.

(f) This
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. The Company and the
Guarantors may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Secured Party
(other than by merger). Any Secured Party may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person (as defined in the Purchase
Agreement) to whom such Secured Party assigns or transfers any Obligations, provided such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with
respect to the transferred Obligations, by the provisions of this Agreement that apply to the Secured Parties.

(g) Each
party shall take such further action and execute and deliver such further documents as may be necessary or appropriate in order to carry
out the provisions and purposes of this Agreement.

(h) Except
to the extent mandatorily governed by the jurisdiction or situs where the Collateral is located, all questions concerning the construction,
validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal
laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Except to the extent mandatorily governed
by the jurisdiction or situs where the Collateral is located, each Debtor agrees that all proceedings concerning the interpretations,
enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Notes (whether brought against a party hereto or its
respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the
state and federal courts sitting in the State of Delaware. Except to the extent mandatorily governed by the jurisdiction or situs where
the Collateral is located, each Debtor hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting
in the State of Delaware for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated
hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any proceeding, any claim that it is not personally
subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such proceeding is improper. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives personal
service of process and consents to process being served in any such proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified
mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement
and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall
be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives,
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating
to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

(i) This
Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and, all of
which taken together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. In the event that any signature is delivered by .pdf via email transmission,
such signature shall create a valid binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) the same
with the same force and effect as if such .pdf via email signature were the original thereof.

22.

(j) All
Debtors shall jointly and severally be liable for the obligations of each Debtor to the Secured Parties hereunder.

(k) Subject
to the Purchase Agreement, each Debtor shall indemnify, reimburse and hold harmless the Agent and the Secured Parties and their respective
partners, members, shareholders, officers, directors, employees and agents (and any other persons with other titles that have similar
functions) (collectively, Indemnitees) from and against any and all losses, claims, liabilities, damages, penalties,
suits, costs and expenses, of any kind or nature, (including fees relating to the cost of investigating and defending any of the foregoing)
imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Indemnitee in any way related to or arising from or alleged to arise from this Agreement
or the Collateral, except any such losses, claims, liabilities, damages, penalties, suits, costs and expenses which result from the gross
negligence or willful misconduct of the Indemnitee as determined by a final, nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction.
This indemnification provision is in addition to, and not in limitation of, any other indemnification provision in the Notes, the Purchase
Agreement (as such term is defined in the Notes) or any other agreement, instrument or other document executed or delivered in connection
herewith or therewith.

(l) Nothing
in this Agreement shall be construed to subject Agent or any Secured Party to liability as a partner in any Debtor or any if its direct
or indirect Subsidiaries that is a partnership or as a member in any Debtor or any of its direct or indirect Subsidiaries that is a limited
liability company, nor shall Agent or any Secured Party be deemed to have assumed any obligations under any partnership agreement or
limited liability company agreement, as applicable, of any such Debtor or any of its direct or indirect Subsidiaries or otherwise, unless
and until any such Secured Party exercises its right to be substituted for such Debtor as a partner or member, as applicable, pursuant
hereto.

(m) To
the extent that the grant of the security interest in the Collateral and the enforcement of the terms hereof require the consent, approval
or action of any partner or member, as applicable, of any Debtor or any direct or indirect Subsidiary of any Debtor or compliance with
any provisions of any of the Organizational Documents, the Debtors hereby grant such consent and approval and waive any such noncompliance
with the terms of said documents.

[SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW]

23.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Security Agreement to be duly executed on the day and year first above written.

DATAVAULT
AI INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[______] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[_____] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS FOLLOWS]

[SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS TO DATAVAULT AI INC.
SECURITY AGREEMENT]

AGENT:

[] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS
TO DATAVAULT AI INC. SECURITY AGREEMENT]

Name of Investing Entity: __________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing entity: _________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: _________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: __________________________

[SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS FOLLOWS]

ANNEX A

to

SECURITY

AGREEMENT

FORM OF ADDITIONAL DEBTOR JOINDER

Security Agreement dated as of [_____ ___, 20__
made by [_____________ and its subsidiaries party thereto from time to time, as Debtors to and in favor of the Secured
Parties identified therein (the Security Agreement)

Reference is made to the
Security Agreement as defined above; capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to
such terms in, or by reference in, the Security Agreement.

The undersigned hereby agrees
that upon delivery of this Additional Debtor Joinder to the Secured Parties referred to above, the undersigned shall (a) be an Additional
Debtor under the Security Agreement, (b) have all the rights and obligations of the Debtors under the Security Agreement as fully
and to the same extent as if the undersigned was an original signatory thereto and (c) be deemed to have made the representations
and warranties set forth therein as of the date of execution and delivery of this Additional Debtor Joinder. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY
OF THE FOREGOING, THE UNDERSIGNED SPECIFICALLY GRANTS TO THE SECURED PARTIES A SECURITY INTEREST IN THE COLLATERAL AS MORE FULLY SET
FORTH IN THE SECURITY AGREEMENT AND ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES TO THE WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL PROVISIONS SET FORTH THEREIN.

An executed copy of this
Joinder shall be delivered to the Secured Parties, and the Secured Parties may rely on the matters set forth herein on or after the date
hereof. This Joinder shall not be modified, amended or terminated without the prior written consent of the Secured Parties.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Joinder to be executed in the name and on behalf of the undersigned.

Name of Additional Debtor

By: 

Name:

Title:

Address:

Dated:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tm2510880d2_ex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEE

SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEE, dated
as of [], 2025 (this Guarantee), made by each of the signatories hereto (together with any other entity that
may become a party hereto as provided herein, the Guarantors), in favor of the purchasers signatory (together with
their permitted assigns, the Purchasers) to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of the date hereof,
between Datavault AI Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) and the Purchasers (the Purchase Agreement).

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Purchase
Agreement, the Company has agreed to sell and issue to the Purchasers, and the Purchasers have agreed to purchase from the Company the
Notes, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein; and

WHEREAS, each Guarantor is
a direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Company and will directly benefit from the extension of credit to the Company represented by the
issuance of the Notes; and

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the agreements contained therein and to induce the Purchasers to enter into the Purchase Agreement and to carry out the transactions
contemplated thereby, each Guarantor hereby agrees with the Purchasers as follows:

1. Definitions.
Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Purchase Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the
Purchase Agreement. The words hereof, herein, hereto and hereunder and words of
similar import when used in this Guarantee shall refer to this Guarantee as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Guarantee,
and Section and Schedule references are to this Guarantee unless otherwise specified. The meanings given to terms defined herein
shall be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of such terms. The following terms shall have the following meanings:

Guarantee
means this Subsidiary Guarantee, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

Obligations
means all of the liabilities and obligations (primary, secondary, direct, contingent, sole, joint or several) due or to become
due, or that are now or may be hereafter contracted or acquired, or owing to, of the Company or any Guarantor to the Purchasers, in each
case arising under this Guarantee, the Notes and any other Transaction Documents, whether now or hereafter existing, voluntary or involuntary,
direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, whether or not jointly owed with others, and whether or not from
time to time decreased or extinguished and later increased, created or incurred, and all or any portion of such obligations or liabilities
that are paid, to the extent all or any part of such payment is avoided or recovered directly or indirectly from any of the Purchasers
as a preference, fraudulent transfer or otherwise as such obligations may be amended, supplemented, converted, extended or modified from
time to time. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the term Obligations shall include, without limitation:
(i) principal of, and interest on the Notes and the loans extended pursuant thereto; (ii) any and all other fees, indemnities,
costs, obligations and liabilities of the Company or any Guarantor from time to time under or in connection with this Guarantee, the Notes
and the other Transaction Documents; and (iii) all amounts (including but not limited to post-petition interest) in respect of the
foregoing that would be payable but for the fact that the obligations to pay such amounts are unenforceable or not allowable due to the
existence of a bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceeding involving the Company or any Guarantor.

2. Guarantee.

(a) Guarantee.

(i) The
Guarantors hereby, jointly and severally, unconditionally and irrevocably, guarantee to the Purchasers and their respective successors,
indorsees, transferees and assigns, the prompt and complete payment and performance when due (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration
or otherwise) of the Obligations.

(ii) Anything
herein or in any other Transaction Document to the contrary notwithstanding, the maximum liability of each Guarantor hereunder and under
the other Transaction Documents shall in no event exceed the amount which can be guaranteed by such Guarantor under applicable federal
and state laws, including laws relating to the insolvency of debtors, fraudulent conveyance or transfer or laws affecting the rights of
creditors generally (after giving effect to the right of contribution established in Section 2(b)).

(iii) Each
Guarantor agrees that the Obligations may at any time and from time to time exceed the amount of the liability of such Guarantor hereunder
without impairing the guarantee contained in this Section 2 or affecting the rights and remedies of the Purchasers hereunder.

(iv) The
guarantee contained in this Section 2 shall remain in full force and effect until all the Obligations and the obligations of each
Guarantor under the guarantee contained in this Section 2 shall have been paid in full in cash (excluding inchoate indemnity or reimbursement
obligations for which no demand has been made).

(v) No
payment made by the Company, any of the Guarantors, any other guarantor or any other Person or received or collected by the Purchasers
from the Company, any of the Guarantors, any other guarantor or any other Person by virtue of any action or proceeding or any set-off
or appropriation or application at any time or from time to time in reduction of or in payment of the Obligations shall be deemed to modify,
reduce, release or otherwise affect the liability of any Guarantor hereunder which shall, notwithstanding any such payment (other than
any payment made by such Guarantor in respect of the Obligations or any payment received or collected from such Guarantor in respect of
the Obligations), remain liable for the Obligations up to the maximum liability of such Guarantor hereunder until the Obligations are
paid in full in cash (excluding inchoate indemnity or reimbursement obligations for which no demand has been made).

(vi) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Guarantee, with respect to any defaulted non-monetary Obligations the specific performance of which by
the Guarantors is not reasonably possible (e.g. the issuance of the Companys Common Stock), the Guarantors shall only be liable
for making the Purchasers whole on a monetary basis for the Companys failure to perform such Obligations in accordance with the
Transaction Documents.

2

(b) Right
of Contribution. Subject to Section 2(c), each Guarantor hereby agrees that to the extent that a Guarantor shall have paid more
than its proportionate share of any payment made hereunder, such Guarantor shall be entitled to seek and receive contribution from and
against any other Guarantor hereunder which has not paid its proportionate share of such payment. Each Guarantors right of contribution
shall be subject to the terms and conditions of Section 2(c). The provisions of this Section 2(b) shall in no respect limit
the obligations and liabilities of any Guarantor to the Purchasers and each Guarantor shall remain liable to the Purchasers for the full
amount guaranteed by such Guarantor hereunder.

(c) No
Subrogation. Notwithstanding any payment made by any Guarantor hereunder or any set-off or application of funds of any Guarantor by
the Purchasers, no Guarantor shall be entitled to be subrogated to any of the rights of the Purchasers against the Company or any other
Guarantor or any collateral security or guarantee or right of offset held by the Purchasers for the payment of the Obligations, nor shall
any Guarantor seek or be entitled to seek any contribution or reimbursement from the Company or any other Guarantor in respect of payments
made by such Guarantor hereunder, until all amounts owing to the Purchasers by the Company on account of the Obligations are paid in full
in cash (excluding inchoate indemnity or reimbursement obligations for which no demand has been made). If any amount shall be paid to
any Guarantor on account of such subrogation rights at any time when all of the Obligations shall not have been paid in full, such amount
shall be held by such Guarantor in trust for the Purchasers, segregated from other funds of such Guarantor, and shall, forthwith upon
receipt by such Guarantor, be turned over to the Purchasers in the exact form received by such Guarantor (duly indorsed by such Guarantor
to the Purchasers, if required), to be applied against the Obligations, whether matured or unmatured, in such order as the Purchasers
may determine.

(d) Amendments,
Etc. With Respect to the Obligations. Each Guarantor shall remain obligated hereunder notwithstanding that, without any reservation
of rights against any Guarantor and without notice to or further assent by any Guarantor, any demand for payment of any of the Obligations
made by the Purchasers may be rescinded by the Purchasers and any of the Obligations continued, and the Obligations, or the liability
of any other Person upon or for any part thereof, or any collateral security or guarantee therefor or right of offset with respect thereto,
may, from time to time, in whole or in part, be renewed, extended, amended, modified, accelerated, compromised, waived, surrendered or
released by the Purchasers, and the Purchase Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and any other documents executed and delivered
in connection therewith may be amended, modified, supplemented or terminated, in whole or in part, as the Purchasers may deem advisable
from time to time, and any collateral security, guarantee or right of offset at any time held by the Purchasers for the payment of the
Obligations may be sold, exchanged, waived, surrendered or released. The Purchasers shall have no obligation to protect, secure, perfect
or insure any Lien at any time held by them (or by Agent for their benefit) as security for the Obligations or for the guarantee contained
in this Section 2 or any property subject thereto.

3

(e) Guarantee
Absolute and Unconditional. Each Guarantor waives any and all notice of the creation, renewal, extension or accrual of any of the
Obligations and notice of or proof of reliance by the Purchasers upon the guarantee contained in this Section 2 or acceptance of
the guarantee contained in this Section 2; the Obligations, and any of them, shall conclusively be deemed to have been created, contracted
or incurred, or renewed, extended, amended or waived, in reliance upon the guarantee contained in this Section 2; and all dealings
between the Company and any of the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Purchasers, on the other hand, likewise shall be conclusively
presumed to have been had or consummated in reliance upon the guarantee contained in this Section 2. Each Guarantor waives to the
extent permitted by law diligence, presentment, protest, demand for payment and notice of default or nonpayment to or upon the Company
or any of the Guarantors with respect to the Obligations. Each Guarantor understands and agrees that the guarantee contained in this Section 2
shall be construed as a continuing, absolute and unconditional guarantee of payment and performance without regard to (a) the validity
or enforceability of the Purchase Agreement or any other Transaction Document, any of the Obligations or any other collateral security
therefor or guarantee or right of offset with respect thereto at any time or from time to time held by the Purchasers, (b) any defense,
set-off or counterclaim (other than a defense of payment or performance or fraud by Purchasers) which may at any time be available to
or be asserted by the Company or any other Person against the Purchasers, or (c) any other circumstance whatsoever (with or without
notice to or knowledge of the Company or such Guarantor) which constitutes, or might be construed to constitute, an equitable or legal
discharge of the Company for the Obligations, or of such Guarantor under the guarantee contained in this Section 2, in bankruptcy
or in any other instance. When making any demand hereunder or otherwise pursuing its rights and remedies hereunder against any Guarantor,
the Purchasers may, but shall be under no obligation to, make a similar demand on or otherwise pursue such rights and remedies as they
may have against the Company, any other Guarantor or any other Person or against any collateral security or guarantee for the Obligations
or any right of offset with respect thereto, and any failure by the Purchasers to make any such demand, to pursue such other rights or
remedies or to collect any payments from the Company, any other Guarantor or any other Person or to realize upon any such collateral security
or guarantee or to exercise any such right of offset, or any release of the Company, any other Guarantor or any other Person or any such
collateral security, guarantee or right of offset, shall not relieve any Guarantor of any obligation or liability hereunder, and shall
not impair or affect the rights and remedies, whether express, implied or available as a matter of law, of the Purchasers against any
Guarantor. For the purposes hereof, demand shall include the commencement and continuance of any legal proceedings.

(f) Reinstatement.
The guarantee contained in this Section 2 shall continue to be effective, or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment,
or any part thereof, of any of the Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by the Purchasers upon the insolvency,
bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation or reorganization of the Company or any Guarantor, or upon or as a result of the appointment of a
receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for, the Company or any Guarantor or any substantial part of its
property, or otherwise, all as though such payments had not been made.

4

(g) Payments.
Each Guarantor hereby guarantees that payments hereunder will be paid to the Purchasers without set-off or counterclaim in U.S. dollars
at the address set forth or referred to in the Signature Pages to the Purchase Agreement.

3. Representations
and Warranties. Each Guarantor hereby makes the following representations and warranties to Purchasers as of the date hereof:

(a) Organization
and Qualification. The Guarantor is a corporation or limited liability company, as applicable, duly organized, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of the applicable jurisdiction set forth on Schedule 1, with the requisite power and authority to own
and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. The Guarantor has no subsidiaries other than those
identified as such on the Disclosure Schedules to the Purchase Agreement. The Guarantor is duly qualified to do business and is in good
standing as a foreign corporation or limited liability company, as applicable, in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business
conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing,
as the case may be would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(b) Authorization;
Enforcement. The Guarantor has the requisite power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by
this Guarantee, and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery of this Guarantee by the Guarantor and
the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all requisite action on the part of the Guarantor.
This Guarantee has been duly executed by the Guarantor and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid
and binding obligation of the Guarantor enforceable against the Guarantor in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability
may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar laws relating to, or affecting
generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application.

(c) No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Guarantee by the Guarantor and the consummation by the Guarantor of the
transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of its Certificate of Incorporation
or By-laws, (ii) conflict with, constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default)
under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument
to which the Guarantor is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree
or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Guarantor is subject (including Federal and State securities
laws and regulations), or by which any material property or asset of the Guarantor is bound or affected, except in the case of each of
clauses (ii) and (iii), as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The business of the Guarantor
is not being conducted in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, except for violations which, individually
or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

5

(d) Consents
and Approvals. The Guarantor is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration
with, any court or other federal, state, local, foreign or other governmental authority or other person in connection with the execution,
delivery and performance by the Guarantor of this Guarantee.

(e) Purchase
Agreement. The representations and warranties of the Company set forth in the Purchase Agreement as they relate to such Guarantor,
each of which is hereby incorporated herein by reference, are true and correct in all material respects as of each time such representations
are deemed to be made pursuant to such Purchase Agreement, and the Purchasers shall be entitled to rely on each of them as if they were
fully set forth herein, provided that each reference in each such representation and warranty to the Company's knowledge shall, for the
purposes of this Section 3, be deemed to be a reference to such Guarantor's knowledge.

4. Covenants.
Each Guarantor covenants and agrees with the Purchasers that, from and after the date of this Guarantee until the Obligations shall have
been paid in full in cash (excluding inchoate indemnity or reimbursement obligations for which no demand has been made), such Guarantor
shall take, and/or shall refrain from taking, as the case may be, each commercially reasonable action that is necessary to be taken or
not taken, as the case may be, so that no Event of Default (as defined in the Notes) is caused by the failure to take such action or to
refrain from taking such action by such Guarantor.

5. Miscellaneous.

(a) Amendments
in Writing. None of the terms or provisions of this Guarantee may be waived, amended, supplemented or otherwise modified except in
writing by the Purchasers.

(b) Notices.
All notices, requests and demands to or upon the Purchasers or any Guarantor hereunder shall be effected in the manner provided for in
the Purchase Agreement, provided that any such notice, request or demand to or upon any Guarantor shall be addressed to such Guarantor
at its notice address set forth on Schedule 5(b).

(c) No
Waiver By Course Of Conduct; Cumulative Remedies. The Purchasers shall not by any act (except by a written instrument pursuant to
Section 5(a)), delay, indulgence, omission or otherwise be deemed to have waived any right or remedy hereunder or to have acquiesced
in any default under the Transaction Documents or Event of Default. No failure to exercise, nor any delay in exercising, on the part of
the Purchasers, any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof. No single or partial exercise of any right,
power or privilege hereunder shall preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege.
A waiver by the Purchasers of any right or remedy hereunder on any one occasion shall not be construed as a bar to any right or remedy
which the Purchasers would otherwise have on any future occasion. The rights and remedies herein provided are cumulative, may be exercised
singly or concurrently and are not exclusive of any other rights or remedies provided by law.

(d) Enforcement
Expenses; Indemnification.

6

(i) Each
Guarantor agrees to pay, or reimburse the Purchasers for, all their reasonable and documented costs and expenses incurred in collecting
against such Guarantor under the guarantee contained in Section 2 or otherwise enforcing or preserving any rights under this Guarantee
and the other Transaction Documents to which such Guarantor is a party, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and disbursements
of counsel to the Purchasers.

(ii) Each
Guarantor agrees to pay, and to save the Purchasers harmless from, any and all liabilities with respect to, or resulting from any delay
in paying, any and all stamp, excise, sales or other similar taxes which may be payable or determined to be payable in connection with
any of the transactions contemplated by this Guarantee.

(iii) Each
Guarantor agrees to pay, and to save the Purchasers harmless from, any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions,
judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever with respect to the execution, delivery, enforcement,
performance and administration of this Guarantee, in each case to the extent the Company would be required to do so pursuant to the Purchase
Agreement.

(iv) The
agreements in this Section shall survive repayment of the Obligations and all other amounts payable under the Purchase Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents.

(e) Successor
and Assigns. This Guarantee shall be binding upon the successors and assigns of each Guarantor and shall inure to the benefit of the
Purchasers and their respective successors and assigns; provided that no Guarantor may assign, transfer or delegate any of its rights
or obligations under this Guarantee without the prior written consent of the Purchasers.

(f) Set-Off.
Each Guarantor hereby irrevocably authorizes the Purchasers at any time and from time to time while an Event of Default under any of the
Transaction Documents shall have occurred and be continuing, without notice to such Guarantor or any other Guarantor, any such notice
being expressly waived by each Guarantor, to set-off and appropriate and apply any and all deposits, credits, indebtedness or claims,
in any currency, in each case whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, at any time held or owing by the
Purchasers to or for the credit or the account of such Guarantor, or any part thereof in such amounts as the Purchasers may elect, against
and on account of the obligations and liabilities of such Guarantor to the Purchasers hereunder and claims of every nature and description
of the Purchasers against such Guarantor, in any currency, whether arising hereunder, under the Purchase Agreement, any other Transaction
Document or otherwise, as the Purchasers may elect, whether or not the Purchasers have made any demand for payment and although such obligations,
liabilities and claims may be contingent or unmatured. The Purchasers shall notify such Guarantor promptly of any such set-off and the
application made by the Purchasers of the proceeds thereof, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity
of such set-off and application. The rights of the Purchasers under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including,
without limitation, other rights of set-off) which the Purchasers may have.

7

(g) Counterparts.
This Guarantee may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Guarantee on any number of separate counterparts (including by telecopy),
and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument.

(h) Severability.
Any provision of this Guarantee which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective
to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or
unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.

(i) Section Headings.
The Section headings used in this Guarantee are for convenience of reference only and are not to affect the construction hereof or
be taken into consideration in the interpretation hereof.

(j) Integration.
This Guarantee and the other Transaction Documents represent the agreement of the Guarantors and the Purchasers with respect to the subject
matter hereof and thereof, and there are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by the Purchasers relative to subject
matter hereof and thereof not expressly set forth or referred to herein or in the other Transaction Documents.

(k) Governing
Laws. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Guarantee shall be governed by and
construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflicts of
law thereof. Each of the Company and the Guarantors agree that all proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense
of the transactions contemplated by this Guarantee (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers,
shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the State
of Delaware. Each of the Company and the Guarantors hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal
courts sitting in the State of Delaware for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction
contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any proceeding, any claim that it
is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such proceeding is improper. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably
waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered
or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this
Guarantee and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein
shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives,
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating
to this Guarantee or the transactions contemplated hereby.

8

(l) Acknowledgements.
Each Guarantor hereby acknowledges that:

(i) it
has been advised by counsel in the negotiation, execution and delivery of this Guarantee and the other Transaction Documents to which
it is a party;

(ii) the
Purchasers have no fiduciary relationship with or duty to any Guarantor arising out of or in connection with this Guarantee or any of
the other Transaction Documents, and the relationship between the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Purchasers, on the other hand,
in connection herewith or therewith is solely that of debtor and creditor; and

(iii) no
joint venture is created hereby or by the other Transaction Documents or otherwise exists by virtue of the transactions contemplated hereby
among the Guarantors and the Purchasers.

(m) Additional
Guarantors. The Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries formed or acquired on or subsequent to the date hereof to become a Guarantor
for all purposes of this Guarantee by executing and delivering an Assumption Agreement in the form of Annex 1 hereto.

(n) Release
of Guarantors. Each Guarantor will be automatically released from all liability hereunder on the Release Date (as defined in the Security
Agreement). In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, each Guarantor (i) will automatically be released from
its obligations under this Guarantee and the other Transaction Documents upon the consummation of any transaction not prohibited by the
Transaction Documents as a result of which such Guarantor ceases to be a direct or indirect Subsidiary of Borrower and (ii) will
at the option of the Company, by written notice to the Agent, be released from its obligations under this Guarantee and the other Transaction
Documents at any time it becomes an Excluded Subsidiary (as defined in the Security Agreement), whether as a result of the consummation
of any transaction not prohibited by the Transaction Documents or otherwise.

(o) WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. SECTION 5.23 of the Purchase Agreement is incorporated herein by reference, mutatis mutandis.

*********************

(Signature Pages Follow)

9

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of
the undersigned has caused this Guarantee to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written.

[_____] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[_____] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

10

SCHEDULE 1

GUARANTORS

The following are the names,
notice addresses and jurisdiction of organization of each Guarantor.

GUARANTOR JURISDICTION OF INCORPORATION COMPANY OWNED BY PERCENTAGE (Directly or Indirectly)

[___] [___] [___]%

[___] [___] [___]%

11

Annex 1 to

SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEE

ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT, dated as of ____ __, ______
made by ______________________________, a ______________ corporation (the Additional Guarantor), in favor of the
Purchasers pursuant to the Purchase Agreement referred to below. All capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed
to them in such Purchase Agreement.

W I T N E S S E T H :

WHEREAS, Datavault AI Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (the Company) and the Purchasers have entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated
as of [], 2025 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Purchase Agreement);

WHEREAS, in connection with
the Purchase Agreement, the Subsidiaries of the Company (other than the Additional Guarantor) have entered into the Subsidiary Guarantee,
dated as of [], 2025 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Guarantee) in favor
of the Purchasers;

WHEREAS, the Purchase Agreement
requires the Additional Guarantor to become a party to the Guarantee; and

WHEREAS, the Additional Guarantor
has agreed to execute and deliver this Assumption Agreement in order to become a party to the Guarantee;

NOW, THEREFORE, IT
IS AGREED:

1. Guarantee.
By executing and delivering this Assumption Agreement, the Additional Guarantor, as provided in Section 5(m) of the Guarantee,
hereby becomes a party to the Guarantee as a Guarantor thereunder with the same force and effect as if originally named therein as a Guarantor
and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, hereby expressly assumes all obligations and liabilities of a Guarantor thereunder.
The information set forth in Annex 1 hereto is hereby added to the information set forth in Schedule 1 to the Guarantee. The Additional
Guarantor hereby represents and warrants that each of the representations and warranties contained in Section 3 of the Guarantee
is true and correct on and as the date hereof as to such Additional Guarantor (after giving effect to this Assumption Agreement) as if
made on and as of such date.

2. Governing
Law. THIS ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE.

12

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
has caused this Assumption Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written.

[ADDITIONALGUARANTOR]

By: 

Name:

Title:

13
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>tm2510880d2_ex10-4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.4
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

PLACEMENT AGENCY AGREEMENT

March 30, 2025

Datavault AI Inc.

15268 NW Greenbrier Pkwy

Beaverton, Oregon 97006

Attn: Brett Moyer, Chief Executive Officer

Dear Mr. Moyer:

This letter agreement (the Agreement)
constitutes the agreement between Maxim Group LLC (Maxim or the Placement Agent) and Datavault
AI Inc., a Delaware corporation (together with its subsidiaries, the Company), that Maxim shall serve as the exclusive
placement agent for the Company, on a reasonable best efforts basis, for the proposed placement to certain purchasers (the
Purchasers) of an aggregate of $5,000,000 notes with an aggregate principal amount of $5,555,555 (the Initial
Notes) and the warrants issued with the Initial Notes (the Initial Warrants) and up to $10,000,000 notes
with an aggregate principal amount of $11,111,110 (the Additional Notes, collectively, with the Initial Notes, the
Notes) and the warrants issued with the Additional Notes (the Additional Warrants, collectively,
with the Initial Warrants, the Warrants). The Notes and the Warrants and the securities issued upon exercise or conversion,
as applicable (i.e., the Conversion Shares and the Warrant Shares) are referred to herein as the Securities. The
documents executed and delivered by the Company and the Purchasers in connection with the Offering (as defined below), including, without
limitation, a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement), shall be collectively referred to herein as
the Transaction Documents. The Placement Agent may retain other brokers or dealers to act as sub-agents or selected-dealers
on its behalf in connection with the Offering. Capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined herein have the meanings given to such
terms in the Purchase Agreement

Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, in the event that the Placement Agent determines that any of the terms provided for hereunder do not comply with a rule of
the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), including but not limited to FINRA Rule 5110, then the
Company shall agree to amend this Agreement in writing upon the request of the Placement Agent to comply with any such rules; provided
that any such amendments shall not provide for terms that are less favorable to the Company than the terms of this Agreement.

Section 1.
Agreement to Act as Placement Agent.

(a) On the
basis of the representations, warranties and agreements of the Company herein contained, and subject to all the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, the Placement Agent shall be the exclusive placement agent in connection with the offering and sale by the Company of
(a) the Notes and Conversion Shares pursuant to the Companys registration statement on Form S-3, as amended (File No. 333-267211)
(the Registration Statement) and (b) the Warrants and Warrants Shares pursuant to an exemption from the
registration requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act),
contained in Section 4(a)(2) thereof and/or regulation D thereunder, with the terms of such offering (the Offering)
to be subject to market conditions and negotiations between the Company, the Placement Agent and the prospective Purchasers. The Placement
Agent will act on a reasonable best efforts basis and the Company agrees and acknowledges that there is no guarantee of the successful
placement of the Securities, or any portion thereof, in the prospective Offering. Under no circumstances will the Placement Agent or any
of its Affiliates (as defined below) be obligated to underwrite or purchase any of the Securities for its own account or otherwise provide
any financing. The Placement Agent shall act solely as the Companys agent and not as principal. The Placement Agent shall have
no authority to bind the Company with respect to any prospective offer to purchase the Securities and the Company shall have the sole
right to accept offers to purchase the Notes and Warrants and may reject any such offer, in whole or in part. Subject to the terms and
conditions hereof, payment of the purchase price for, and delivery of, the Notes and Warrants shall be made at the closing (the Closing
and the date on which the Closing occurs, the Closing Date). The Notes and Warrants shall be delivered by physical
certificates. As compensation for services rendered, the Company shall pay to the Placement Agent the fees and expenses set forth below:

(i) a cash fee equal to eight percent (8.0%) of the gross proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the Notes and Warrants at the Closing; and

(ii) reimbursement of the Placement Agents accountable expenses, including the Placement Agents legal counsels legal fees, up to $15,000.

The
Placement Agent reserves the right to reduce any item of compensation or adjust the terms thereof as specified herein in the event that
a determination shall be made by FINRA to the effect that the Placement Agents aggregate compensation is in excess of FINRA Rules or
that the terms thereof require adjustment.

(b) The Placement Agents
engagement hereunder shall become effective on the date hereof and shall continue until the later of (i) the Closing Date of the
Offering and (ii) April 30, 2025 (the Termination Date). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
herein, the provisions concerning confidentiality, indemnification and contribution contained herein and the Companys obligations
contained in the indemnification provisions will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement, and the Companys obligation
to pay fees actually earned and payable and to reimburse expenses actually incurred and reimbursable pursuant to Section 1 hereof
and which are permitted to be reimbursed under the FINRA Rules, will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement. All such
fees and reimbursements due shall be paid to the Placement Agent on or before the Termination Date (in the event such fees and reimbursements
are earned or owed as of the Termination Date) or upon the closing of the Offering or any applicable portion thereof (in the event such
fees are due pursuant to the terms of Section 1 hereof).

(c) Nothing in this Agreement
shall be construed to limit the ability of the Placement Agent or its Affiliates to pursue, investigate, analyze, invest in, or engage
in investment banking, financial advisory or any other business relationship with Persons (as defined below) other than the Company. As
used herein (i) Persons means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated
association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other
entity of any kind and (ii) Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries,
controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under
the Securities Act.

Section 2.
Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Company. The Company hereby represents, warrants and covenants to the Placement
Agent as of the date hereof, and as of the Closing Date, unless such representation, warranty or agreement specifies a different date
or time, as follows:

(a) Securities Law
Filings. The Company has prepared and filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
a registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-267211), and amendments thereto, and related preliminary prospectuses,
for the registration under the Securities Act, of the Notes and Conversion Shares, which registration statement, as so amended (including
post-effective amendments, if any) became effective on September 13, 2023. At the time of such filing, the Company met the requirements
of Form S-3 under the Securities Act. Such registration statement meets the requirements set forth in Rule 415(a)(1)(x) under
the Securities Act and complies with said Rule. The Company will file with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the
Securities Act, and the rules and regulations (the Rules and Regulations) of the Commission promulgated
thereunder, a supplement to the form of prospectus included in such registration statement relating to the placement of the Notes and
Conversion Shares, and the plan of distribution thereof and has advised the Placement Agent of all further information (financial and
other) with respect to the Company required to be set forth therein. Such registration statement, including the exhibits thereto, as amended
at the date of this Agreement, is hereinafter called the Registration Statement; such prospectus in the form in which
it appears in the Registration Statement is hereinafter called the Base Prospectus; and the supplemented form of
prospectus, in the form in which it will be filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) (including the Base Prospectus
as so supplemented) is hereinafter called the Prospectus Supplement. Any reference in this Agreement to the Registration
Statement, the Base Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated by reference
therein (the Incorporated Documents) pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 which were filed under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), on or before the date of this Agreement, or the issue date of the Base
Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement, as the case may be; and any reference in this Agreement to the terms amend, amendment
or supplement with respect to the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement shall be deemed
to refer to and include the filing of any document under the Exchange Act after the date of this Agreement, or the issue date of the Base
Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement, as the case may be, deemed to be incorporated therein by reference. All references in this Agreement
to financial statements and schedules and other information which is contained, included, described,
referenced, set forth or stated in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus or the Prospectus
Supplement (and all other references of like import) shall be deemed to mean and include all such financial statements and schedules and
other information which is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus or the Prospectus
Supplement, as the case may be. No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the use of the Base Prospectus
or the Prospectus Supplement has been issued, and no proceeding for any such purpose is pending or has been initiated or, to the Companys
knowledge, is threatened by the Commission. For purposes of this Agreement, Free Writing Prospectus has the meaning
set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

(b) Assurances.
The Registration Statement (and any further documents to be filed with the Commission) contains all exhibits and schedules as required
by the Securities Act. Each of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time it became effective, complied
in all material respects with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the applicable Rules and Regulations and did not and, as
amended or supplemented, if applicable, will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. The Base Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, each
as of its respective date, comply in all material respects with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the applicable Rules and
Regulations. Each of the Base Prospectus, and the Prospectus Supplement, as amended or supplemented, did not and will not contain as of
the date thereof any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Incorporated Documents, when they were filed with the
Commission, conformed in all material respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act and the applicable Rules and Regulations,
and none of such documents, when they were filed with the Commission, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein (with respect to Incorporated Documents incorporated by reference in the
Base Prospectus or Prospectus Supplement), in the light of the circumstances under which they were made not misleading; and any further
documents so filed and incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, or Prospectus Supplement, when such documents are filed with
the Commission, will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act and the applicable Rules and Regulations,
as applicable, and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. No post-effective amendment to the Registration
Statement reflecting any facts or events arising after the date thereof which represent, individually or in the aggregate, a fundamental
change in the information set forth therein is required to be filed with the Commission. There are no documents required to be filed with
the Commission in connection with the transaction contemplated hereby that (x) have not been filed as required pursuant to the Securities
Act or (y) will not be filed within the requisite time period. There are no contracts or other documents required to be described
in the Base Prospectus, or Prospectus Supplement, or to be filed as exhibits or schedules to the Registration Statement, which (x) have
not been described or filed as required or (y) will not be filed within the requisite time period.

(c) Offering Materials.
Neither the Company nor any of its directors and officers has distributed and none of them will distribute, prior to the Closing Date,
any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Securities.

(d) Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has full legal right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and perform the transactions contemplated
hereby. This Agreement has been duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute
the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited
by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by
applicable law.

(e) No Conflicts.
The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
pursuant to the Prospectus Supplement, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby to which it is a party do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys,
or any of its subsidiaries, certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, (ii) 
conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in
the creation of any lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal (except as disclosed in the Registration
Statement and Prospectus), preemptive right or other restriction upon any of the properties or assets of the Company, or give to others
any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement,
credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company is a party or by
which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to any required approvals, conflict with or result
in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority
to which the Company is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the
Company is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as would not reasonably be expected to result
in a material adverse effect on: (x) the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document; (y) the results of
operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company; or (z) the Companys ability
to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (x), (y), or (z), a Material
Adverse Effect).

(f) Reliance.
The Company has not relied upon the Placement Agent or legal counsel for the Placement Agent for any legal, tax or accounting advice in
connection with the offering and sale of the Securities.

(g) Forward-Looking
Statements. No forward-looking statement (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the
Exchange Act (Forward-Looking Statement) contained in the Prospectus Supplement has been made or reaffirmed without
a reasonable basis or has been disclosed other than in good faith. The Forward-Looking Statements incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statement and the Prospectus (i) are within the coverage of the safe harbor for Forward Looking Statements set forth in Section 27A
of the Securities Act, Rule 175(b) under the Securities Act or Rule 3b-6 under the Exchange Act, as applicable, (ii) were
made by the Company with a reasonable basis and in good faith and reflect the Companys good faith commercially reasonable best
estimate of the matters described therein, and (iii) have been prepared in accordance with Item 10 of Regulation S-K under the Securities
Act.

(h) Representations
and Warranties Incorporated by Reference. Each of the representations and warranties (together with any related disclosure schedules
thereto) made by the Company to the Purchasers in the Purchase Agreement is hereby incorporated herein by reference (as though fully restated
herein) and is hereby made to, and in favor of, the Placement Agent.

(i) FINRA Affiliations.
There are no affiliations with any FINRA member firm among the Companys officers, directors or, to the knowledge of the Company,
any 10.0% or greater stockholder of the Company.

Section 3.
Delivery and Payment. The Closing shall occur at the offices of Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, located at 1345 Avenue
of the Americas, New York, New York 10105 (Placement Agent Counsel) (or at such other place as shall be agreed upon
by the Placement Agent and the Company, including remotely via electronic transmission). Subject to the terms and conditions hereof and
of the Purchase Agreement, at the Closing, payment of the purchase price for the Notes and Warrants sold on such Closing Date shall be
made by Federal Funds wire transfer, against delivery of such Securities, and such Securities shall be registered in such name or names
and shall be in such denominations, as the Placement Agent may request at least one business day before the Closing Date. Deliveries of
the documents with respect to the purchase of the Notes and Warrants, if any, shall be made at the offices of Placement Agent Counsel.
All actions taken at the Closing shall be deemed to have occurred simultaneously.

Section 4.
Covenants and Agreements of the Company. The Company further covenants and agrees with the Placement Agent as follows:

(a) Registration Statement
Matters. The Company will advise the Placement Agent promptly after it receives notice thereof of the time when any amendment to the
Registration Statement has been filed or becomes effective or any supplement to the Prospectus Supplement has been filed and will furnish
the Placement Agent with copies thereof. The Company will file promptly all reports and any definitive proxy or information statements
required to be filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Section 13(a), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act subsequent
to the date of the Prospectus Supplement and for so long as the delivery of a prospectus is required in connection with the Offering.
The Company will advise the Placement Agent, promptly after it receives notice thereof (i) of any request by the Commission to amend
the Registration Statement or to amend or supplement the Prospectus Supplement or for additional information, and (ii) of the issuance
by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto
or any order directed at any Incorporated Document, if any, or any amendment or supplement thereto or any order preventing or suspending
the use of the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement or any prospectus supplement or any amendment or supplement thereto
or any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement, of the suspension of the qualification of the Securities for offering or
sale in any jurisdiction, of the institution or threatened institution of any proceeding for any such purpose, or of any request by the
Commission for the amending or supplementing of the Registration Statement or the Prospectus Supplement or for additional information.
The Company shall use its best efforts to prevent the issuance of any such stop order or prevention or suspension of such use. If the
Commission shall enter any such stop order or order or notice of prevention or suspension at any time, the Company will use its best efforts
to obtain the lifting of such order at the earliest possible moment, or will file a new registration statement and use its best efforts
to have such new registration statement declared effective as soon as practicable. Additionally, the Company agrees that it shall comply
with the provisions of Rules 424(b), 430A, 430B and 430C, as applicable, under the Securities Act, including with respect to the
timely filing of documents thereunder, and will use its reasonable efforts to confirm that any filings made by the Company under such
Rule 424(b) are received in a timely manner by the Commission.

(b) Blue Sky Compliance.
The Company will cooperate with the Placement Agent and the Purchasers in endeavoring to qualify the Securities for sale under the securities
laws of such jurisdictions (United States and foreign) as the Placement Agent and the Purchasers may reasonably request and will make
such applications, file such documents, and furnish such information as may be reasonably required for that purpose, provided the Company
shall not be required to qualify as a foreign corporation or to file a general consent to service of process in any jurisdiction where
it is not now so qualified or required to file such a consent, and provided further that the Company shall not be required to produce
any new disclosure document. The Company will, from time to time, prepare and file such statements, reports and other documents as are
or may be required to continue such qualifications in effect for so long a period as the Placement Agent may reasonably request for distribution
of the Securities. The Company will advise the Placement Agent promptly of the suspension of the qualification or registration of (or
any such exemption relating to) the Securities for offering, sale or trading in any jurisdiction or any initiation or threat of any proceeding
for any such purpose, and in the event of the issuance of any order suspending such qualification, registration or exemption, the Company
shall use its best efforts to obtain the withdrawal thereof at the earliest possible moment.

(c) Amendments and
Supplements to a Prospectus and Other Matters. The Company will comply with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, and the rules and
regulations of the Commission thereunder, so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Securities as contemplated in this
Agreement, the Incorporated Documents and the Prospectus Supplement. If during the period in which a prospectus is required by law to
be delivered in connection with the distribution of Securities contemplated by the Incorporated Documents or the Prospectus Supplement
(the Prospectus Delivery Period), any event shall occur as a result of which, in the judgment of the Company or in
the opinion of the Placement Agent or counsel for the Placement Agent, it becomes necessary to amend or supplement the Incorporated Documents
or the Prospectus Supplement in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, as the
case may be, not misleading, or if it is necessary at any time to amend or supplement the Incorporated Documents or the Prospectus Supplement
or to file under the Exchange Act any Incorporated Document to comply with any law, the Company will promptly prepare and file with the
Commission, and furnish at its own expense to the Placement Agent and to dealers, an appropriate amendment to the Registration Statement
or supplement to the Registration Statement, the Incorporated Documents or the Prospectus Supplement that is necessary in order to make
the statements in the Incorporated Documents and the Prospectus Supplement as so amended or supplemented, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, as the case may be, not misleading, or so that the Registration Statement, the Incorporated Documents or the
Prospectus Supplement, as so amended or supplemented, will comply with law. Before amending the Registration Statement or supplementing
the Incorporated Documents or the Prospectus Supplement in connection with the Offering, the Company will furnish the Placement Agent
with a copy of such proposed amendment or supplement and will not file any such amendment or supplement to which the Placement Agent reasonably
objects.

(d) Copies of any
Amendments and Supplements to a Prospectus. The Company will furnish the Placement Agent, without charge, during the period beginning
on the date hereof and ending on the later of the Closing Date of the Offering, as many copies of the Prospectus Supplement or prospectus
supplement and any amendments and supplements thereto, as the Placement Agent may reasonably request.

(e) Free Writing Prospectus.
The Company covenants that it will not, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Placement Agent, make any offer relating to
the Securities that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus
(as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act) required to be filed by the Company with the Commission or retained by the Company
under Rule 433 of the Securities Act. In the event that the Placement Agent expressly consents in writing to any such free writing
prospectus (a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus), the Company covenants that it shall (i) treat each Permitted
Free Writing Prospectus as an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, and (ii) comply with the requirements of Rule 164 and 433 of the
Securities Act applicable to such Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including in respect of timely filing with the Commission, legending
and record keeping.

(f) Transfer Agent.
The Company will maintain, at its expense, a registrar and transfer agent for the Common Stock for at least three years after the Closing
Date.

(g) [RESERVED].

(h) Periodic Reporting
Obligations. During the Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company will duly file, on a timely basis, with the Commission and the market
or exchange on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading (the Trading Market) all reports and documents
required to be filed under the Exchange Act within the time periods and in the manner required by the Exchange Act.

(i) Additional Documents. The
Company will enter into any subscription, purchase or other customary agreements as the Placement Agent or the Purchasers deem necessary
or appropriate to consummate the Offering, all of which will be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Placement Agent and
the Purchasers. The Company agrees that the Placement Agent may rely upon, and each is a third party beneficiary of, the representations
and warranties, and applicable covenants, set forth in any such purchase, subscription or other agreement with Purchasers in the Offering.

(j) No Manipulation
of Price. The Company will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or result in, or that has constituted
or might reasonably be expected to constitute, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any securities of the Company.

(k) Acknowledgment.
The Company acknowledges that any advice given by the Placement Agent to the Company is solely for the benefit and use of the Board of
Directors of the Company and may not be used, reproduced, disseminated, quoted or referred to, without the Placement Agents prior
written consent.

(l) Publicity.
The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Placement Agent may, subsequent to the Closing, make public its involvement with the Offering.

(m) Reliance on Others.
The Company confirms that it will rely on its own counsel and accountants for legal and accounting advice.

(n) Research Matters.
By entering into this Agreement, the Placement Agent does not provide any promise, either explicitly or implicitly, of favorable or continued
research coverage of the Company and the Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Placement Agents selection as a placement
agent for the Offering was in no way conditioned, explicitly or implicitly, on the Placement Agent providing favorable or any research
coverage of the Company. In accordance with the FINRA Rules, the parties acknowledge and agree that the Placement Agent has not directly
or indirectly offered favorable research, a specific rating or a specific price target, or threatened to change research, a rating or
a price target, to the Company or inducement for the receipt of business or compensation.

(o) Trading Market.
The Company will use its best efforts to maintain the listing of its Common Stock on the Trading Market for a period of at least three
years after the Closing Date.

(p) Engagement of
Professionals. The Company will retain a nationally recognized, PCAOB registered firm of independent certified public accountants
reasonably acceptable to Maxim for a period of at least three years after the Closing Date. The Company will retain a financial public
relations firm reasonably acceptable to Maxim for a period of two years after the Closing Date. The Company will retain a financial printer
reasonably acceptable to Maxim to handle the printing and related aspects of the Offering.

Section 5.
Conditions of the Obligations of the Placement Agent. The obligations of the Placement Agent hereunder shall be subject to
the accuracy of the representations and warranties on the part of the Company set forth in Section 2 hereof and
in the Purchase Agreement, in each case as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date as though then made, to the timely performance
by each of the Company of its covenants and other obligations hereunder on and as of such dates, and to each of the following additional
conditions:

(a) [Reserved.]

(b) Compliance with
Registration Requirements; No Stop Order; No Objection from the FINRA. Each Prospectus shall have been duly filed with the Commission,
as appropriate; no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any part thereof shall have been issued and
no proceeding for that purpose shall have been initiated or threatened by the Commission; no order preventing or suspending the use of
the Prospectus Supplement shall have been issued and no proceeding for that purpose shall have been initiated or threatened by the Commission;
no order having the effect of ceasing or suspending the distribution of the Securities or any other securities of the Company shall have
been issued by any securities commission, securities regulatory authority or stock exchange and no proceedings for that purpose shall
have been instituted or shall be pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, contemplated by any securities commission, securities regulatory
authority or stock exchange; all requests for additional information on the part of the Commission shall have been complied with; and,
prior to the Closing, FINRA shall have raised no objection to the fairness and reasonableness of the placement terms and arrangements.

(c) Corporate Proceedings.
All corporate proceedings and other legal matters in connection with this Agreement, the Registration Statement and each Prospectus, and
the registration, sale and delivery of the Securities, shall have been completed or resolved in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the
Placement Agents counsel, and such counsel shall have been furnished with such papers and information as it may reasonably have
requested to enable such counsel to pass upon the matters referred to in this Section 5.

(d) No Material Adverse
Change. Subsequent to the execution and delivery of this Agreement and prior to the Closing Date, in the Placement Agents sole
judgment after consultation with the Company, there shall not have occurred any Material Adverse Effect or any material adverse change
or development involving a prospective material adverse change in the condition or the business activities, financial or otherwise, of
the Company from the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration Statement and Prospectus (Material
Adverse Change).

(e) Opinion of Counsel
for the Company. The Placement Agent shall have received on the Closing Date the favorable opinion of Sullivan & Worcester
LLP, legal counsel to the Company, dated as of such Closing Date, including, without limitation, a negative assurance letter addressed
to the Placement Agent and in form and substance satisfactory to the Placement Agent.

(f) Officers
Certificate. The Placement Agent shall have received on the Closing Date a certificate of the Company, dated as of such Closing Date,
signed by the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of the Company, to the effect that, and the Placement Agent
shall be satisfied that, the signers of such certificate have reviewed the Registration Statement, the Incorporated Documents, the Prospectus
Supplement, the Transaction Documents and this Agreement and to the further effect that:

(i) The representations
and warranties of the Company in this Agreement are true and correct, as if made on and as of such Closing Date, and the Company has complied
with all the agreements and satisfied all the conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to such Closing Date;

(ii) No stop order suspending
the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the use of the Prospectus Supplement has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose
have been instituted or are pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened under the Securities Act; no order having the effect
of ceasing or suspending the distribution of the Securities or any other securities of the Company has been issued by any securities commission,
securities regulatory authority or stock exchange in the United States and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or are
pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, contemplated by any securities commission, securities regulatory authority or stock exchange
in the United States;

(iii) When the Registration
Statement became effective, at the time of sale, and at all times subsequent thereto up to the delivery of such certificate, the Registration
Statement, the and the Incorporated Documents, if any, when such documents became effective or were filed with the Commission, and the
Prospectus Supplement as of its date and the Closing Date, contained all material information required to be included therein by the Securities
Act and the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, as the case may be, and in all material
respects conformed to the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations of the
Commission thereunder, as the case may be, and the Registration Statement and the Incorporated Documents, if any, and the Prospectus Supplement,
did not and do not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (provided, however, that the
preceding representations and warranties contained in this paragraph (iii) shall not apply to any statements or omissions made in
reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company by the Placement Agent expressly for use therein)
and, since the effective date of the Registration Statement, there has occurred no event required by the Securities Act and the rules and
regulations of the Commission thereunder to be set forth in the Incorporated Documents which has not been so set forth; and

(iv) Subsequent to the
respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Incorporated Documents and the Prospectus Supplement,
there has not been: (a) any Material Adverse Change; (b) any transaction that is material to the Company taken as a whole, except
transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business; (c) any obligation, direct or contingent, that is material to the Company
taken as a whole, incurred by the Company, except obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business; (d) any material change
in the capital stock (except changes thereto resulting from the exercise of outstanding stock options or warrants) or outstanding indebtedness
of the Company; (e) any dividend or distribution of any kind declared, paid or made on the capital stock of the Company; or (f) any
loss or damage (whether or not insured) to the property of the Company which has been sustained or will have been sustained which has
a Material Adverse Effect.

(g) Secretarys
Certificate. The Placement Agent shall have received on the Closing Date a certificate of the Company, dated as of the Closing Date,
signed by the Secretary of the Company, dated as of the date of such Closing, certifying to the organizational documents, good standing
in the state of incorporation of the Company and board resolutions relating to the Offering.

(h) Chief Financial
Officer Certificate. On the Closing Date, the Placement Agent shall have received a certificate of Chief Financial Officer addressed
to the Placement Agent and in form and substance satisfactory in all respects to the Placement Agent and Placement Agent counsel.

(i) Stock Exchange
Listing. The Common Stock shall be registered under the Exchange Act and shall be listed on the Trading Market, and the Company shall
not have taken any action designed to terminate, or likely to have the effect of terminating, the registration of the Common Stock under
the Exchange Act or delisting or suspending from trading the Common Stock from the Trading Market, nor shall the Company have received
any information suggesting that the Commission or the Trading Market is contemplating terminating such registration or listing except
as disclosed in the Prospectus Supplement.

(j) [RESERVED]

(k) [RESERVED]

(l) Warrants.
On the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or shall cause to be delivered the Warrants registered in such name or names and in such
denominations as the Placement Agent may request at least one business day before the applicable Closing Date.

(m) Additional Documents.
On or before the Closing Date, the Placement Agent and counsel for the Placement Agent shall have received such information and documents
as they may reasonably require for the purposes of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as contemplated
herein, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations and warranties, or the satisfaction of any of the conditions
or agreements, herein contained.

If any condition specified
in this Section 5 is not satisfied when and as required to be satisfied, this Agreement may be terminated by the
Placement Agent by notice to the Company at any time on or prior to the Closing Date, which termination shall be without liability on
the part of any party to any other party, except that Sections 1(a), 7 and 8 shall at all
times be effective and shall survive such termination.

Section 6. Further
Agreements.

(a) Other Activities. The Company acknowledges that the Placement Agent has been, and may in the future
be, engaged to provide services as an underwriter, placement agent, finder, advisor or investment banker to other companies in the industry
in which the Company is involved. The Company acknowledges and agrees that nothing contained in this Agreement shall limit or restrict
the right of the Placement Agent or of any member, manager, officer, employee, agent or representative of the Placement Agent, to be a
member, manager, partner, officer, director, employee, agent or representative of, investor in, or to engage in, any other business, whether
or not of a similar nature to the Companys business, nor to limit or restrict the right of the Placement Agent to render services
of any kind to any other corporation, firm, individual or association; provided that the Placement Agent and any of its members, managers,
officers, employees, agents or representatives shall not use the Information to the detriment of the Company.

(b) Purchasers. For
a period of nine (9) months from the Closing Date, the Company will pay the Placement Agent a cash fee equal to 7.0% of the gross
proceeds of any equity, equity-linked, or debt financing, or any other capital raising activity received by the Company from the Purchasers
in the Offering.

(c) Right
of First Refusal. For a period of thirty (30) days from August 22, 2025, the Company grants the Placement Agent the right
of first refusal to act as sole managing underwriter and sole book runner, sole placement agent, or sole sales agent, for any and all
future public or private equity, equity-linked or debt (excluding commercial bank debt) offerings (i) for which the Company retains
the service of an underwriter, agent, advisor, finder or other person or entity in connection with such offering during such thirty (30)
day period of the Company, or any successor to or any subsidiary of the Company and (ii) in which a hedge fund that is not a Purchaser,
or an affiliate of any such Purchaser, subscribes. The Company shall not offer to retain any entity or person in connection with any such
offering on terms more favorable than terms on which it offers to retain the Placement Agent. Such offer shall be made in writing in order
to be effective. The Placement Agent shall notify the Company within ten (10) business days of its receipt of the written offer contemplated
above as to whether or not it agrees to accept such retention. If the Placement Agent should decline such retention, the Company shall
have no further obligations to the Placement Agent with respect to the offering for which it has offered to retain the Placement Agent,
except as otherwise provided for herein. Such right of first refusal shall not have a duration of more than three (3) years from
commencement of sales.

Section 7.
Indemnification and Contribution.

(a) The Company agrees
to indemnify and hold harmless the Placement Agent, its affiliates and each person controlling the Placement Agent (within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act), and the directors, officers, agents and employees of the Placement Agent, its affiliates and
each such controlling person (the Placement Agent, and each such entity or person. an Indemnified Person) from and
against any losses, claims, damages, judgments, assessments, costs and other liabilities (collectively, the Liabilities),
and shall reimburse each Indemnified Person for all fees and expenses (including the reasonable fees and expenses of one counsel for all
Indemnified Persons, except as otherwise expressly provided herein) (collectively, the Expenses) as they are incurred
by an Indemnified Person in investigating, preparing, pursuing or defending any action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding
or investigation (collectively, an Action), whether or not any Indemnified Person is a party thereto, (i) caused by,
or arising out of or in connection with, any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration
Statement, any Incorporated Document, or the Prospectus Supplement or by any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material
fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (other than untrue
statements or alleged untrue statements in, or omissions or alleged omissions from, information relating to an Indemnified Person furnished
in writing by or on behalf of such Indemnified Person expressly for use in the Incorporated Documents) or (ii) otherwise arising
out of or in connection with advice or services rendered or to be rendered by any Indemnified Person pursuant to this Agreement, the transactions
contemplated thereby or any Indemnified Persons actions or inactions in connection with any such advice, services or transactions; provided, however,
that, in the case of clause (ii) only, the Company shall not be responsible for any Liabilities or Expenses of any Indemnified Person
that are finally judicially determined to have resulted solely from such Indemnified Persons (x) gross negligence or willful
misconduct in connection with any of the advice, actions, inactions or services referred to above or (y) use of any offering materials
or information concerning the Company in connection with the offer or sale of the Securities in the Offering which were not authorized
for such use by the Company and which use constitutes gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Company also agrees to reimburse each
Indemnified Person for all Expenses as they are incurred in connection with enforcing such Indemnified Persons rights under this
Agreement.

(b) Upon receipt by an
Indemnified Person of actual notice of an Action against such Indemnified Person with respect to which indemnity may be sought under this
Agreement, such Indemnified Person shall promptly notify the Company in writing; provided that failure by any Indemnified Person so to
notify the Company shall not relieve the Company from any liability which the Company may have on account of this indemnity or otherwise
to such Indemnified Person, except to the extent the Company shall have been prejudiced by such failure. The Company shall, if requested
by the Placement Agent, assume the defense of any such Action including the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Placement
Agent, which counsel may also be counsel to the Company. Any Indemnified Person shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any
such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified
Person unless: (i) the Company has failed promptly to assume the defense and employ counsel or (ii) the named parties to any
such Action (including any impeded parties) include such Indemnified Person and the Company, and such Indemnified Person shall have been
advised in the reasonable opinion of counsel that there is an actual conflict of interest that prevents the counsel selected by the Company
from representing both the Company (or another client of such counsel) and any Indemnified Person; provided that the Company shall not
in such event be responsible hereunder for the fees and expenses of more than one firm of separate counsel for all Indemnified Persons
in connection with any Action or related Actions, in addition to any local counsel. The Company shall not be liable for any settlement
of any Action effected without its written consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld). In addition, the Company shall not, without
the prior written consent of the Placement Agent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld), settle, compromise or consent to the entry
of any judgment in or otherwise seek to terminate any pending or threatened Action in respect of which indemnification or contribution
may be sought hereunder (whether or not such Indemnified Person is a party thereto) unless such settlement, compromise, consent or termination
includes an unconditional release of each Indemnified Person from all Liabilities arising out of such Action for which indemnification
or contribution may be sought hereunder. The indemnification required hereby shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof
during the course of the investigation or defense, as such expense, loss, damage or liability is incurred and is due and payable.

(c) In the event that
the foregoing indemnity is unavailable to an Indemnified Person other than in accordance with this Agreement, the Company shall contribute
to the Liabilities and Expenses paid or payable by such Indemnified Person in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect (i) the
relative benefits to the Company, on the one hand, and to the Placement Agent and any other Indemnified Person, on the other hand, of
the matters contemplated by this Agreement or (ii) if the allocation provided by the immediately preceding clause is not permitted
by applicable law, not only such relative benefits but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Placement Agent
and any other Indemnified Person, on the other hand, in connection with the matters as to which such Liabilities or Expenses relate, as
well as any other relevant equitable considerations; provided that in no event shall the Company contribute less than the amount necessary
to ensure that all Indemnified Persons, in the aggregate, are not liable for any Liabilities and Expenses in excess of the amount of fees
actually received by the Placement Agent pursuant to this Agreement. For purposes of this paragraph, the relative benefits to the Company,
on the one hand, and to the Placement Agent on the other hand, of the matters contemplated by this Agreement shall be deemed to be in
the same proportion as (a) the total value paid or contemplated to be paid to or received or contemplated to be received by the Company
in the transaction or transactions that are within the scope of this Agreement, whether or not any such transaction is consummated, bears
to (b) the fees paid to the Placement Agent under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the above, no person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation
within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act, as amended, shall be entitled to contribution from a party who was
not guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation.

(d) The Company also
agrees that no Indemnified Person shall have any liability (whether direct or indirect, in contract or tort or otherwise) to the Company
for or in connection with advice or services rendered or to be rendered by any Indemnified Person pursuant to this Agreement, the transactions
contemplated thereby or any Indemnified Persons actions or inactions in connection with any such advice, services or transactions
except for Liabilities (and related Expenses) of the Company that are finally judicially determined to have resulted solely from such
Indemnified Persons gross negligence or willful misconduct in connection with any such advice, actions, inactions or services.

(e) The reimbursement,
indemnity and contribution obligations of the Company set forth herein shall apply to any modification of this Agreement and shall remain
in full force and effect regardless of any termination of, or the completion of any Indemnified Persons services under or in connection
with, this Agreement.

Section 8.
Representations and Indemnities to Survive Delivery. The respective indemnities, agreements, representations, warranties and
other statements of the Company or any person controlling the Company, of its officers, and of the Placement Agent set forth in or made
pursuant to this Agreement will remain in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Placement
Agent, the Company, or any of its or their partners, officers or directors or any controlling person, as the case may be, and will survive
delivery of and payment for the Securities sold hereunder and any termination of this Agreement. A successor to a Placement Agent, or
to the Company, its directors or officers or any person controlling the Company, shall be entitled to the benefits of the indemnity, contribution
and reimbursement agreements contained in this Agreement.

Section 9.
Notices. All communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed, hand delivered, e-mailed or telecopied and confirmed
to the parties hereto as follows:

If to the Placement Agent:

Maxim Group LLC

300 Park Avenue, 16th Floor

New York, New York 10022

Attention: Clifford A. Teller,
Co-President

Email: cteller@maximgrp.com

With a copy to:

Ellenoff Grossman &
Schole LLP

1345 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10105

Attention: Matthew Bernstein, Esq.

Email: mbernstein@egsllp.com

If to the Company:

Datavault AI Inc.

15268 NW Greenbrier Pkwy

Beaverton, Oregon 97006

Attention: Brett Moyer, Chief
Financial Officer

Email: bmoyer@wisatechnologies.com

With a copy to:

Sullivan & Worcester LLP

1251 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10020

Attention: David E. Danovitch, Esq.
and Aaron M. Schleicher

Email: ddanovitch@sullivanlaw.com and aschleicher@sullivanlaw.com

Any party hereto may change
the address for receipt of communications by giving written notice to the others.

Section 10.
Successors. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto, and to the benefit of the employees,
officers and directors and controlling persons referred to in Section 7 hereof, and to their respective successors,
and personal representative, and no other person will have any right or obligation hereunder.

Section 11.
Partial Unenforceability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement shall
not affect the validity or enforceability of any other section, paragraph or provision hereof. If any section, paragraph or provision
of this Agreement is for any reason determined to be invalid or unenforceable, there shall be deemed to be made such minor changes (and
only such minor changes) as are necessary to make it valid and enforceable.

Section 12.
Governing Law Provisions. This Agreement shall be deemed to have been made and delivered in New York City and both this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be governed as to validity, interpretation, construction, effect and in all other respects
by the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. Each of the Placement Agent
and the Company: (i) agrees that any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement and/or the transactions
contemplated hereby shall be instituted exclusively in the New York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York (ii) waives any objection which it may have or hereafter to the venue of any such suit,
action or proceeding, and (iii) irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of the New York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in
the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York in any such suit, action or proceeding. Each of the Placement Agent
and the Company further agrees to accept and acknowledge service of any and all process which may be served in any such suit, action or
proceeding in the New York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York and agrees that service of process upon the Company mailed by certified mail to the Companys address shall be deemed in every
respect effective service of process upon the Company, in any such suit, action or proceeding, and service of process upon the Placement
Agent mailed by certified mail to the Placement Agents address shall be deemed in every respect effective service process upon
the Placement Agent, in any such suit, action or proceeding. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Company
agrees that neither the Placement Agent nor its affiliates, and the respective officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives
of the Placement Agent, its affiliates and each other person, if any, controlling the Placement Agent or any of its affiliates, shall
have any liability (whether direct or indirect, in contract or tort or otherwise) to the Company for or in connection with the engagement
and transaction described herein except for any such liability for losses, claims, damages or liabilities incurred by us that are finally
judicially determined to have resulted from the willful misconduct or gross negligence of such individuals or entities. If either party
shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provision of this Agreement, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding
shall be reimbursed by the other party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation,
preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

Section 13.
General Provisions.

(a) This Agreement constitutes
the entire agreement of the parties to this Agreement and supersedes all prior written or oral and all contemporaneous oral agreements,
understandings and negotiations with respect to the subject matter hereof, except for (i) that certain placement agency agreement,
dated February 12, 2024, by and between the Company and Maxim Group LLC, (ii) that certain placement agency agreement, dated
March 26, 2024, by and between the Company and Maxim Group LLC, (iii) that certain waiver agreement, dated May 15, 2024,
by and between the Company and Maxim Group LLC, (iv) that certain placement agency agreement, dated May 15, 2024, by and between
the Company and Maxim Group LLC and (v) that certain placement agency agreement, dated February 13, 2025, by and between the
Company and Maxim Group LLC, all of which agreements shall remain in full force and effect. This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, each one of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same
instrument. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the rights set forth in Section 6(b) and 6(c) of
the placement agency agreements, dated February 12, 2024 and February 13, 2025, by and between the Company and Maxim Group LLC
are currently, and shall after execution of this Agreement remain in full force and effect. This Agreement may not be amended or modified
unless in writing by all of the parties hereto, and no condition herein (express or implied) may be waived unless waived in writing by
each party whom the condition is meant to benefit. Section headings herein are for the convenience of the parties only and shall
not affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement.

(b) The Company acknowledges
that in connection with the offering of the Securities: (i) the Placement Agent has acted at arms length, are not agents of,
and owe no fiduciary duties to the Company or any other person, (ii) the Placement Agent owes the Company only those duties and obligations
set forth in this Agreement and (iii) the Placement Agent may have interests that differ from those of the Company. The Company waives
to the full extent permitted by applicable law any claims it may have against the Placement Agent arising from an alleged breach of fiduciary
duty in connection with the offering of the Securities.

[The remainder of this page has been intentionally
left blank.]

If the foregoing is in accordance
with your understanding of our agreement, please sign below whereupon this instrument, along with all counterparts hereof, shall become
a binding agreement in accordance with its terms.

Very truly yours,

MAXIM GROUP LLC

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

The foregoing Agreement is
hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date first written above.

DATAVAULT AI Inc. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Placement Agency Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>tm2510880d2_ex5-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>tm2510880d2_ex5-1img002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>wisa-20250331.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>wisa-20250331_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>wisa-20250331_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 31, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 31, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38608

Entity Registrant Name Datavault AI Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001682149

Entity Tax Identification Number 30-1135279

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 15268 NW Greenbrier Pkwy

Entity Address, City or Town Beaverton

Entity Address, State or Province OR

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 97006

City Area Code 408

Local Phone Number 627-4716

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol DVLT

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://summitwireless.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

tm2510880d2_8k.htm 
wisa-20250331.xsd 
wisa-20250331_lab.xml 
wisa-20250331_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-029947-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>tm2510880d2_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001682149 

2025-03-31 
2025-03-31 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001682149 
8-K 
2025-03-31 
Datavault AI Inc. 
DE 
001-38608 
30-1135279 
15268 NW Greenbrier Pkwy 
Beaverton 
OR 
97006 
408 
627-4716 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
DVLT 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>