<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-024481.txt : 20250317
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-024481.hdr.sgml : 20250317
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250317170037
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-024481
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250317
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250317
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250317

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			National Vision Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001710155
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPHTHALMIC GOODS [3851]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				464841717
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0103

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38257
		FILM NUMBER:		25745435

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2435 COMMERCE AVENUE
		STREET 2:		BLDG. 2200
		CITY:			DULUTH
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30096-4980
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(770) 822-3600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2435 COMMERCE AVENUE
		STREET 2:		BLDG. 2200
		CITY:			DULUTH
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30096-4980
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm259478d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000171015500017101552025-03-172025-03-17iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):

March 17, 2025

National Vision Holdings, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

001-38257

(Commission file number)

Delaware 46-4841717

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

2435 Commerce Ave. 

Building 2200 30096

Duluth, Georgia (Zip Code)

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(770) 822-3600

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.42)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common stock, par value $0.01 per share EYE Nasdaq

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement.

On March 17, 2025, National Vision Holdings, Inc.
(National Vision) entered into a Cooperation Agreement (the Cooperation Agreement), by and between National
Vision and Engine Capital, L.P., a Delaware limited liability partnership (together with its affiliates, Engine).

Pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement, the Board
of Directors of National Vision (the Board) (i) increased the size of the Board from nine to eleven directors, (ii) appointed
James M. McGrann and Michael J. Nicholson (together, the New Directors) as directors with terms expiring at National Visions
2025 annual meeting of stockholders (the 2025 Annual Meeting) and (iii) appointed Mr. McGrann to the Boards Compensation
Committee and Mr. Nicholson to the Boards Audit Committee and the Boards Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.

National Vision has agreed to include Mr. McGrann
and Mr. Nicholson on its slate of director nominees for the 2025 Annual Meeting and to solicit proxies for the election, and support and
recommend for the election, of Mr. McGrann and Mr. Nicholson at the 2025 Annual Meeting.

Until the Termination Date (as defined below)
and as long as Engines Net Long Position (as defined in the Cooperation Agreement) remains at or above 2.5% of the then-outstanding
shares of National Visions common stock, par value $0.01 per share, as of such time, in the event that (i) Mr. Nicholson is no
longer able to serve as a director of National Vision, Engine would be entitled to designate a replacement candidate, subject to the approval
of the Board, and (ii) Mr. McGrann is no longer able to serve as a director of National Vision, National Vision and Engine would cooperate
in good faith to select a mutually agreeable replacement candidate.

Pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement, National
Vision has also agreed to form an operationally focused Advisory Committee of the Board (the Advisory Committee) that will
oversee the transformation work currently undertaken by management with the help of National Visions consultant. The Advisory Committee
will be composed of four directors: Mr. McGrann, Mr. Nicholson, D. Randolph Peeler and Susan Somersille Johnson.

The Cooperation Agreement contains customary voting
commitment, standstill, non-disparagement and expense reimbursement provisions. The Cooperation Agreement will terminate on the date that
is thirty days prior to the advance notice deadline for director nominations for election to the Board at the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders,
unless earlier terminated by mutual written agreement (the Termination Date).

The foregoing description of the Cooperation Agreement
is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Cooperation Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit
10.1 and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain
Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

The disclosure set forth in Item 1.01 above of
this Form 8-K is hereby incorporated herein by reference. Effective March 17, 2025, James M. McGrann and Michael J. Nicholson have been
appointed as members of the Board. Messrs. McGrann and Nicholson are deemed to qualify as independent under the director independence
standards set forth in the rules and regulations of the SEC and applicable Nasdaq listing standards. Mr. McGrann has been appointed to
the Boards Compensation and Advisory Committees. Mr. Nicholson has been appointed to the Boards Audit, Nominating and Corporate
Governance, and Advisory Committees.

Mr. McGrann, 62, is an eye care industry veteran
with nearly 30 years of experience across the industry serving in Chief Executive Officer, Chief Technology Officer and Chief Information
Officer roles throughout his career. Mr. McGrann currently serves as CEO of Advancing Eyecare, a leading provider of ophthalmic instruments,
and previously led Professional Eye Care Associates of America (PECAA), VSP Global and VSP Vision Care, among other positions. He began
his career as a management consultant for 15 years and was a senior executive at Accenture and IBM and a partner at Ernst & Young.
He serves on the board of directors of the private optical software company, Ocuco, and previously served on the board of directors of
the private optical company, Keplr. He is the current chairman of the board for Prevent Blindness. Mr. McGrann holds a Bachelor of Science
in Industrial Engineering from Columbia University.

Mr. Nicholson, 58, is a seasoned retail executive
with extensive expertise in business transformation, operations, and finance. He currently serves as the President and Chief Operating
Officer of J.Crew Group, where he has held multiple leadership roles, including Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer.
Prior to joining J.Crew, Mr. Nicholson was the Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer at ANN INC. and Victorias Secret
Beauty. His career also includes senior leadership positions at Colgate-Palmolive, Altria, and PwC, where he played key roles in financial
strategy and operational excellence. Mr. Nicholson holds a Bachelors degree in Accounting from Niagara University and a Masters
in Business Administration from St. Johns University and is a Certified Public Accountant.

Except for the Cooperation Agreement, there is
no arrangement or understanding between National Vision and either of the New Directors pursuant to which either of the New Directors
were appointed to the Board, and there have been no related party transactions between National Vision and either of the New Directors
that would be reportable under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. Messrs. McGrann and Nicholson will receive compensation consistent with
National Visions compensation program for non-employee directors, as described in National Visions proxy statement for its
2024 annual meeting of stockholders, filed with the SEC on April 25, 2024. Messrs. McGrann and Nicholson will
enter into National Visions standard form of indemnification agreement for directors, a copy of which was previously filed as Exhibit
10.36 to Amendment No. 2 to National Visions Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-220719) and is incorporated herein
by reference.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On March 17, 2025, National Vision issued a press
release announcing the matters addressed above. A copy of the press release is furnished with this report as Exhibit 99.1.

The information in this Current Report on Form
8-K under Item 7.01 and Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto is being furnished to the SEC and shall not be deemed to be filed for
purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the
liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any of National Visions filings with the SEC
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such
a filing.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit
No. Description

10.1 Cooperation Agreement, dated March 17, 2025, by and between National Vision Holdings, Inc. and Engine Capital, L.P.

99.1 National Vision Holdings, Inc. Press Release dated March 17, 2025.

104 Cover page Interactive Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.

Signatures

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

National Vision Holdings, Inc.

Date: March 17, 2025 By: /s/ Jared Brandman

Name: Jared Brandman

Title: Senior Vice President, Chief Legal and Strategy Officer and Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm259478d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

EXECUTION VERSION

COOPERATION AGREEMENT

This COOPERATION AGREEMENT
(this Agreement) is made and entered into as of March 17, 2025, by and between National Vision Holdings, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (the Company) and Engine Capital, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (together with its Affiliates,
Engine). The Company and Engine are each herein referred to as a party and collectively, the
parties. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings set forth in Section
14 of this Agreement.

WHEREAS, as of the date hereof,
Engine beneficially owns 3,875,701 shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Common Stock),
constituting approximately 4.9% of the shares of outstanding Common Stock;

WHEREAS, on March 14, 2025,
Engine submitted to the Company a notice of its intent to nominate four candidates (the Nomination Notice) for election
to the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) at the Companys 2025 annual meeting of stockholders (the
2025 Annual Meeting); and

WHEREAS, the Company and Engine
have determined to come to an agreement with respect to the withdrawal of the Nomination Notice, the composition of the Board and certain
other matters, as provided in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the foregoing premises and the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties, intending to be legally bound hereby, agree as follows:

1. Board Composition and Related Matters.

(a)Engine hereby (i) irrevocably withdraws, with this Agreement constituting sufficient and conclusive
evidence of such withdrawal, the Nomination Notice as well as Engines director nominations and any related materials or notices
submitted to the Company in connection therewith or related thereto with respect to the 2025 Annual Meeting (collectively, the Engine
Stockholder Matters), and (ii) agrees to abstain from taking further action to pursue the Engine Stockholder Matters or any
other action related to the 2025 Annual Meeting (other than in accordance with this Agreement).

(b)Effective as of the date hereof, the Company shall take all necessary actions to (i) increase
the size of the Board to eleven (11) directors and (ii) appoint James M. McGrann and Michael J. Nicholson (the New Directors)
to the Board as directors, each with a term expiring at the 2025 Annual Meeting. The Company shall take all necessary actions to (i) nominate
the New Directors for election to the Board at the 2025 Annual Meeting, (ii) include the New Directors in the Companys proxy statement
and proxy card for the 2025 Annual Meeting and (iii) in connection with the 2025 Annual Meeting, recommend, support and, solicit proxies
for the election of the New Directors in a manner no less rigorous and favorable than the manner in which the Company recommends, supports
and solicits proxies for the election of its other nominees.

(c)From the 2025 Annual Meeting until the Termination Date (as defined below), the size of the
Board shall not exceed eleven (11) directors without Engines prior written consent.

(d)Until
the Termination Date and as long as Engines Net Long Position remains at or above two and five tenths percent (2.5%) of the
then-outstanding shares of Common Stock (subject to adjustment for stock splits, reclassifications, combinations and
recapitalizations) as of such time, in the event that (i) Mr. Nicholson (or any Engine Replacement Director) is no longer able to
serve as a director of the Company for any reason, Engine shall be entitled to designate a Qualified Candidate (as defined below)
for the replacement of Mr. Nicholson (such replacement, an Engine Replacement Director), subject to the
approval of, and appointment by, the Board (such acceptance not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), and (ii) Mr.
McGrann (or any Mutual Replacement Director (as defined below)) is no longer able to serve as a director of the Company for any
reason, the Company and Engine shall cooperate in good faith to select, and the Company shall appoint, as promptly as practicable, a
Qualified Candidate mutually agreeable to the Company and Engine (such replacement, a Mutual Replacement
Director and, together with the Engine Replacement Director, Replacement Directors). A Replacement
Director who is appointed to the Board shall be considered a New Director for purposes of this Agreement. As used in this Agreement,
Qualified Candidate means an individual who (i) qualifies as an independent director under the
applicable rules of the SEC, the rules of any stock exchange on which the Company is traded and the applicable governance policies
of the Company, (ii) unless otherwise consented to by the Board, be independent of Engine (for the avoidance of doubt, the
nomination by Engine of such person to serve on the board of any other company shall not (in and of itself) cause such person to not
be deemed independent of Engine, but any partner, officer or employee of Engine would not be deemed independent of Engine), (iii)
serves on no more than a total of three (3) other public company boards of directors, and (iv) meets all other qualifications
required for service as a director set forth in the Companys Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (as
amended from time to time, the Charter), Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws (as amended from time to time, the
Bylaws), Board committee charters, Corporate Governance Guidelines and any similar documents applicable to
directors (collectively, the Governance Documents). Upon a Replacement Directors appointment to the
Board, the Board shall appoint such Replacement Director to any applicable committee of the Board of which the New Director was a
member immediately prior to his being unable to serve; provided, that such Replacement Director shall satisfy the eligibility
and qualification requirements for service on any such applicable committee. 

(e)Upon the New Directors appointment to the Board, the Board shall take all necessary
actions to appoint Mr. McGrann to the Boards Compensation Committee and Mr. Nicholson to the Boards Audit Committee and
to the Boards Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Additional committee appointments for the New Directors, if any, shall
be determined by the Board in good faith, in accordance with the Boards customary governance processes, and the Board shall give
each of the New Directors the same due consideration for committee membership as any other independent director.

(f)As promptly as practicable (and in any event within three (3) Business Days) following the
execution of this Agreement, the Board shall take all actions necessary to form an operationally focused Advisory Committee of the Board
(the Advisory Committee) that will oversee the transformation work currently undertaken by management with the help
of the consultant. The Advisory Committee shall meet monthly to oversee the progress of operational initiatives. The Board shall take
all necessary actions to appoint to the Advisory Committee (i) the New Directors, (ii) D. Randolph Peeler and (iii) Susan Somersille Johnson.

2.Voting Commitment. Until the Termination
Date, Engine shall, and shall cause its Representatives to, appear in person or by proxy at each Stockholder Meeting (including the 2025
Annual Meeting) and to vote, or deliver consents or consent revocations with respect to, all of the shares of Common Stock, beneficially
owned by Engine and over which Engine has voting power in accordance with the Boards recommendations as such recommendations of
the Board are set forth in the applicable definitive proxy or consent statement filed by the Company in respect of such Stockholder Meeting
with respect to (a) the election, removal and/or replacement of directors and (b) any other proposal submitted to the stockholders at
a Stockholder Meeting; provided, however, that Engine shall be permitted to vote all or some of the shares of Common Stock
that they beneficially own and over which they have voting power at such Stockholder Meeting in their sole discretion with respect to
an Extraordinary Transaction that is subject to a vote of the Companys stockholders; provided further, that to the extent
Institutional Shareholder Services, Inc. (ISS) or Glass Lewis & Co., LLC (Glass Lewis)
recommends otherwise, Engine may vote their shares of Common Stock in accordance with the ISS or Glass Lewis recommendation on such matter
(other than the election, removal and/or replacement of directors to which this proviso shall not apply).

2

3.Standstill. Prior to the Termination
Date, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, without the prior written consent of the Board, Engine shall not, and shall cause
each of its Affiliates and Associates not to, in each case, directly or indirectly:

(a)(i) acquire, offer or seek to acquire, agree to acquire or acquire rights to acquire (except
by way of stock dividends or other distributions or offerings made available to holders of voting securities of the Company generally
on a pro rata basis or pursuant to an Extraordinary Transaction approved by the Board), directly or indirectly, whether by purchase, tender
or exchange offer, through the acquisition of control of another person, by joining a group, through swap or hedging transactions or otherwise,
any voting securities of the Company (other than through a broad-based market basket or index fund) or any voting rights decoupled from
the underlying voting securities which would result in Engine owning, controlling or otherwise having any beneficial or other ownership
interest of, in the aggregate, more than nine and nine tenths percent (9.9%) of the shares of Common Stock outstanding at such time; or
(ii) sell or otherwise transfer shares of Common Stock, or any rights decoupled from such shares, beneficially owned by them, other than
in open market sale transactions where the identity of the purchaser is not known and in underwritten widely-dispersed public offerings,
to any Third Party that, to Engines knowledge (after reasonable due inquiry in connection with a private, non-open market transaction),
would result in such Third Party, together with its Affiliates and Associates, beneficially owning, in the aggregate, more than four and
nine-tenths percent (4.9%) of the shares of Common Stock outstanding at such time or would increase the beneficial ownership of any Third
Party who, together with its Affiliates and Associates, has a beneficial or other ownership interest of, in the aggregate, more than four
and nine-tenths percent (4.9%) of the shares of Common Stock outstanding at such time;

(b)(i) nominate, recommend for nomination or give notice of an intent to nominate or recommend
for nomination a person for election at any Stockholder Meeting at which the Companys directors are to be elected; (ii) initiate,
knowingly encourage or participate in any solicitation of proxies, consents or consent revocations in respect of any election contest
or removal contest with respect to the Companys directors; (iii) submit, initiate, make or be a proponent of any stockholder proposal
for consideration at, or bring any other business before, any Stockholder Meeting; (iv) initiate, encourage or participate in any solicitation
of proxies, consents or consent revocations in respect of any stockholder proposal for consideration at,
or other business brought before, any Stockholder Meeting; (v) call or seek to call, or request to call, alone or in concert with others,
any Stockholder Meeting, whether or not such a meeting is permitted by the Companys Charter or Bylaws; or (vi) initiate,
encourage or participate in any withhold or similar campaign with respect to any proposal for consideration at, or other
business brought before, any Stockholder Meeting;

(c)form, join or in any way participate in or with any group or agreement of any kind with respect
to any voting securities of the Company, including in connection with any election or removal contest with respect to the Companys
directors or any stockholder proposal or other business brought before any Stockholder Meeting (other than with the members of Engine
or one or more of their Associates who are instructed to comply with the terms and conditions of this Agreement);

(d)deposit any voting securities of the Company in any voting trust or subject any Company voting
securities to any arrangement or agreement with respect to the voting thereof (other than (i) any such voting trust, arrangement or agreement
solely among members of Engine and (ii) as otherwise in accordance with this Agreement);

3

(e)seek publicly, alone or in concert with others, to amend any provision of the Charter, the
Bylaws or Governance Documents;

(f)demand an inspection of the Companys books and records;

(g)make any proposal with respect to, or make any statement or otherwise seek to encourage, advise
or assist any person with respect to any proposals or statements related to: (i) any change in the composition, number or term of directors
serving on the Board or the filling of any vacancies on the Board, (ii) any change in the capitalization or dividend policy or share repurchase
programs or practices of the Company, (iii) any other change in the Companys management, governance, corporate structure, operations,
strategy, affairs or policies, (iv) causing a class of securities of the Company to be delisted from, or to cease to be authorized to
be quoted on, any securities exchange, or (v) causing a class of equity securities of the Company to become eligible for termination of
registration pursuant to Section 12(g)(4) of the Exchange Act;

(h)initiate or make, directly or indirectly, any Extraordinary Transaction or make, directly
or indirectly, any proposal, either alone or in concert with others, to the Company or the Board that would reasonably be expected to
require a public announcement or disclosure regarding any such matter (it being understood that the foregoing shall not restrict Engine
from tendering shares, receiving payment for shares or otherwise participating in any Extraordinary Transaction on the same basis as other
stockholders of the Company);

(i)effect or seek to effect, offer or propose to effect, cause, or in any way assist or facilitate
any other person to effect or seek to effect, offer or propose to effect, cause or participate in, any Extraordinary Transaction (it being
understood that the foregoing shall not restrict Engine from tendering shares, receiving payment for shares or otherwise participating
in any Extraordinary Transaction on the same basis as other stockholders of the Company);

(j)enter into any negotiations, agreements or understandings with any Third Party with respect
to any of the foregoing, or advise, assist, encourage or seek to persuade any Third Party to take any action that is prohibited under
this Section 3, or otherwise take or cause any action inconsistent with any of the foregoing;

(k)publicly make or in any way advance publicly any request or proposal that the Company or the
Board amend, modify or waive any provision of this Agreement; or

(l)take any action challenging the validity or enforceability of this Section 3 or this
Agreement unless the Company is challenging the validity or enforceability of this Agreement;

provided, however, that
(i) the restrictions in this Section 3 shall not prohibit or restrict Engine or its Representatives from making (A) any factual
statement or public disclosure as required by applicable legal process, subpoena or legal requirement from any governmental authority
with competent jurisdiction over the party from whom information is sought (so long as such request did not arise as a result of action
by Engine or its Representatives) or (B) any confidential communication to the Company or its directors or officers or legal counsel that
is not intended to, and would not reasonably be expected to, trigger public disclosure obligations for any of the parties and (ii) the
restrictions in this Section 3 shall not restrict Engine or its Representatives from tendering shares, receiving payment for shares
or otherwise participating in any transaction on the same basis as the other stockholders of the Company or from participating in any
such transaction that has been approved by the Board, subject to the other terms of this Agreement. Furthermore, for the avoidance of
doubt, nothing in this Section 3 shall be deemed to limit the exercise in good faith by the New Directors of their fiduciary duties
in their capacities as directors of the Company.

4

4.Mutual Non-Disparagement. Prior to
the Termination Date, the Company and Engine shall each refrain from making, and shall instruct their respective Representatives not to
make or cause to be made, any statement or announcement, including in any document or report filed with or furnished to the SEC or through
the press, media, analysts or other persons, that constitutes an ad hominem attack on, or otherwise undermines, disparages, attempts to
discredit, criticizes, calls into disrepute, defames, slanders, impugns or is reasonably likely to damage the reputation of, (a) in the
case of statements or announcements by any of the members of Engine or their respective Representatives, the Company or its Affiliates,
or any of their current or former Representatives, or any of their businesses, products or services, and (b) in the case of statements
or announcements by the Company or its Representatives, the members of Engine or any of their respective Representatives. A statement
in breach of this Section 4 shall only be deemed to be made by the Company if made by a member of the Board or senior management
team, in each case authorized to make such statement. The restrictions in this Section 4 shall not (a) apply to (i) any compelled
testimony or production of information, whether by legal process, subpoena or as part of a response to a request for information from
any governmental or regulatory authority with jurisdiction over the party from whom information is sought, in each case, to the extent
legally required, or (ii) any disclosure that such party reasonably believes, after consultation with outside counsel, to be legally required
by applicable law, rules or regulations; (b) prohibit any party from reporting what it reasonably believes, after consultation with outside
counsel, to be violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental authority pursuant to Section 21F of the Exchange Act or Rule
21F promulgated thereunder. The limitations set forth in this Section 4 shall not prevent any party from responding to any public statement
made by the other party of the nature described in this Section 4 if such statement by the other party was made in breach of this Agreement.

5.No Litigation. Prior to the Termination
Date, each party hereby covenants and agrees that it shall not, and shall not permit any of its Representatives to, directly or indirectly,
alone or in concert with others, encourage, threaten, initiate or pursue, or assist any other person to encourage, threaten, initiate
or pursue, any lawsuit, claim or proceeding before any court (each, a Legal Proceeding) against the other party or
any of its Representatives based on information known or that should have been known by such party as of the date of this Agreement, except
for (a) any Legal Proceeding initiated primarily to remedy a breach of or to enforce this Agreement and (b) counterclaims with respect
to any proceeding initiated by, or on behalf of, one (1) party or its Affiliates against the other party or any Affiliate of such other
party; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not prevent any party or any of its Representatives from responding to
oral questions, interrogatories, requests for information or documents, subpoenas, civil investigative demands or similar processes (each,
a Legal Requirement) in connection with any Legal Proceeding if such Legal Proceeding has not been initiated by,
on behalf of or at the direct or indirect suggestion of such party or any of its Representatives; provided, further, that
in the event any party or any of its Representatives is subject to such Legal Requirement, such party shall give prompt written notice
of such Legal Requirement to the other party (except where such notice would be prohibited by law, other than by a contractual relationship).
Each party represents and warrants that neither it nor any assignee has filed any lawsuit against the other party. 

6.Public Statements; SEC Filings.

(a)No later than four (4) Business Days following the date of this Agreement, the Company shall issue a mutually agreeable
press release (the Press Release) announcing this Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A. Prior
to the issuance of the Press Release, neither the Company nor Engine shall issue any press release or public announcement regarding this
Agreement or take any action that would require public disclosure thereof without the prior written consent of the other party, except
as required by law.

5

(b) No later than four (4) Business Days following the date of this Agreement, the Company shall file with the SEC a Current
Report on Form 8-K, setting forth a brief description of the terms of this Agreement and appending this Agreement as an exhibit thereto
(the Form 8-K). The Company shall provide Engine with a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on such Form
8-K prior to the filing with the SEC and consider in good faith any comments of Engine.

(c)Except for the issuance of the Press Release and the filing of the Form 8-K, neither party shall issue any press release
or other public statement (including in any filing required under the Exchange Act) about the subject matter of this Agreement or the
other party that is inconsistent with the Press Release and Form 8-K, except as required by law, Legal Requirement or applicable stock
exchange listing rules or with the prior written consent of the other party and otherwise in accordance with this Agreement.

7.Affiliates and Associates. Each party
shall instruct its Affiliates and Associates to comply with the terms of this Agreement and shall be responsible for any breach of this
Agreement by any such Affiliate or Associate. A breach of this Agreement by an Affiliate or Associate of a party, if such Affiliate or
Associate is not a party to this Agreement, shall be deemed to occur if such Affiliate or Associate engages in conduct that would constitute
a breach of this Agreement if such Affiliate or Associate was a party to the same extent as a party to this Agreement.

8. Representations and Warranties.

(a)Engine represents and warrants that it has full power and authority to execute, deliver and carry out the terms and provisions
of this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, and that this Agreement has been duly and validly executed and
delivered by it, constitutes a valid and binding obligation and agreement of it and is enforceable against it in accordance with its terms.
Engine represents that the execution of this Agreement, the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated hereby, and the fulfillment
of the terms hereof, in each case in accordance with the terms hereof, will not conflict with, or result in a breach or violation of the
organizational documents of it as currently in effect, the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by it does not and will
not (i) violate or conflict with any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable to it or (ii) result in any breach or
violation of or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both could constitute such a breach, violation
or default) under or pursuant to, or result in the loss of a material benefit under, or give any right of termination, amendment, acceleration
or cancellation of, any organizational document, agreement, contract, commitment, understanding or arrangement to which it is a party
or by which it is bound.

(b)Engine represents and warrants that, as of the date of this Agreement, it beneficially owns an aggregate of 3,875,701 shares
of Common Stock. Engine represents and warrants that it has voting authority over such shares of Common Stock and owns no Synthetic Equity
Interests or any Short Interests in the Company.

(c)The
Company hereby represents and warrants that it has the power and authority to execute, deliver and carry out the terms and
provisions of this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, and that this Agreement has been duly and
validly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company, constitutes a valid and binding obligation and agreement of the Company
and is enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement thereof may be limited by applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws generally affecting the rights of
creditors and subject to general equity principles. The Company represents that the execution of this Agreement, the consummation of
any of the transactions contemplated hereby, and the fulfillment of the terms hereof, in each case in accordance with the terms
hereof, will not conflict with, or result in a breach or violation of the organizational documents of the Company as currently in
effect, and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company does not and will not violate or conflict with
(i) any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable to the Company or (ii) result in any breach or violation of or
constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both could constitute such a breach, violation or default)
under or pursuant to, or result in the loss of a material benefit under, or give any right of termination, amendment, acceleration
or cancellation of, any organizational document, agreement, contract, commitment, understanding or arrangement to which the Company
is a party or by which it is bound.

6

9.Termination.

(a)Unless otherwise mutually agreed to in writing by each party, this Agreement shall remain in effect until the date that
is thirty (30) days prior to the nomination deadline under the Bylaws for the nomination of director candidates for election to the Board
at the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders (the Termination Date), it being understood that the Company shall be
required to give sufficient advance notice to Engine in the event the Company determines to advance or delay the 2026 annual meeting of
stockholders so that Engine will continue to have no less than thirty (30) days to nominate at such meeting.

(i)the obligations of Engine to the Company pursuant to Sections 1 (Board Composition
and Related Matters), 2 (Voting Commitment), 3 (Standstill), 4 (Mutual Non-Disparagement),
5 (No Litigation) and 6 (Public Statements; SEC Filings) shall terminate in the event that the Company materially
breaches its obligations pursuant to Sections 1 (Board Composition and Related Matters), 4 (Mutual Non-Disparagement)
or 5 (No Litigation), or its representations and warranties in Section 8(c) (Representations and Warranties)
and such breach (if capable of being cured) has not been cured within fifteen (15) calendar days following written notice of such breach
from Engine, or, if impossible to cure within fifteen (15) calendar days, the Company has not taken substantive action to correct such
breach within fifteen (15) calendar days following written notice of such breach from Engine; provided, however, that the
obligations of Engine pursuant to Section 5 (No Litigation) shall terminate immediately in the event that the Company
materially breaches its obligations under Section 5 (No Litigation); 

(ii)the obligations of the Company to Engine pursuant to Sections 1 (Board Composition
and Related Matters), 4 (Mutual Non-Disparagement) and 5 (No Litigation) shall terminate in the event
that Engine materially breaches its obligations pursuant to Sections 1 (Board Composition and Related Matters), 2
(Voting Commitment), 3 (Standstill), 4 (Mutual Non-Disparagement), 5 (No Litigation)
or 6 (Public Statements; SEC Filings), or its representations and warranties in Section 8(a)(b) (Representations
and Warranties) and such breach (if capable of being cured) has not been cured within fifteen (15) calendar days following written
notice of such breach from the Company, or, if impossible to cure within fifteen (15) calendar days, Engine has not taken substantive
action to correct such breach within fifteen (15) calendar days following written notice of such breach from the Company; provided,
however, that the obligations of the Company to Engine pursuant to Section 5 (No Litigation) shall terminate
immediately in the event that Engine materially breaches its obligations under Section 5 (No Litigation).

(b)If this Agreement is terminated in accordance with this Section 9, this Agreement shall forthwith become null
and void, but no termination shall relieve either party from liability for any breach of this Agreement prior to such termination. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Sections 11 (Notices), 12 (Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Jury Waiver), 13 (Specific Performance) and
15 (Miscellaneous) shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

7

10.Expenses. The Company shall reimburse
Engine for reasonable, documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses (including attorneys fees and other legal expenses) incurred
by Engine in connection with the process involved with preparing to nominate director candidates and the negotiation and execution of
this Agreement; provided, however, that such reimbursement shall not exceed $325,000 in the aggregate.

11.Notices. All notices, demands and other
communications to be given or delivered under or by reason of the provisions of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed
to have been given (a) when delivered by hand, with written confirmation of receipt; (b) upon sending if sent by electronic mail to the
electronic mail addresses below, with confirmation of receipt from the receiving party by electronic mail; (c) one (1) Business Day after
being sent by a nationally recognized overnight carrier to the addresses set forth below; or (d) when actually delivered if sent by any
other method that results in delivery, with written confirmation of receipt:

If to the Company:

National Vision Holdings, Inc.

2435 Commerce Avenue, Building 2200

Duluth, Georgia 30096

Attn: Jared Brandman, Senior Vice President, Chief Legal and Strategy Officer and Secretary

Email: [***] 

with mandatory copies (which shall not constitute
notice) to:

Sidley Austin LLP

787 Seventh Avenue

New York, New York 10019

Attn: Kai H.E.
Liekefett

Reuben Zaramian

Email: kliekefett@sidley.com

rzaramian@sidley.com

If to Engine:

Engine Capital, L.P.

1345 Avenue of the Americas, 33rd Floor

New York, New York 10105

Attention: Arnaud Ajdler

Email: [***] 

with mandatory copies (which shall not constitute
notice) to:

Olshan Frome Wolosky LLP

1325 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10019

Attn: Andrew M. Freedman

Email: afreedman@olshanlaw.com

12.Governing
Law; Jurisdiction; Jury Waiver. This Agreement, and any disputes arising out of or
related to this Agreement (whether for breach of contract, tortious conduct or otherwise) or the validity thereof, shall be governed
by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to its conflict of laws principles.
The parties agree that exclusive jurisdiction and venue for any Legal Proceeding arising out of or related to this Agreement shall
exclusively lie in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or, if such Court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, the
Superior Court of the State of Delaware or, if jurisdiction is vested exclusively in the Federal courts of the United States, the
Federal courts sitting in the State of Delaware, and any appellate court from any such state or Federal court. Each party waives any
objection it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such Legal Proceeding, and irrevocably submits to personal
jurisdiction in any such court in any such Legal Proceeding and hereby further irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees not
to plead or claim in any court that any such Legal Proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in any inconvenient forum.
Each party consents to accept service of process in any such Legal Proceeding by (a) in the case of the Company, service of a copy
thereof upon either its registered agent in the State of Delaware or the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, with a copy
delivered to it by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, addressed to it at the address set forth
in Section 11, and (b) in the case of Engine, by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, return receipt
requested, addressed to it at the address set forth in Section 11. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to affect
the right of any party to serve process in any manner permitted by law. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO
TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT.

8

13.Specific Performance. Each party to
this Agreement acknowledges and agrees that a non-breaching party would be irreparably injured by an actual breach of this Agreement by
another party or its Representatives and that monetary remedies would be inadequate to protect the parties against any actual or threatened
breach or continuation of any breach of this Agreement. Without prejudice to any other rights and remedies otherwise available to the
parties under this Agreement, each party shall be entitled to equitable relief by way of injunction or otherwise and specific performance
of the provisions hereof upon satisfying the requirements to obtain such relief without the necessity of posting a bond or other security,
if a party or any of its Representatives breaches or threatens to breach any provision of this Agreement. Such remedy shall not be deemed
to be the exclusive remedy for a breach of this Agreement but shall be in addition to all other remedies available at law or equity to
the non-breaching party.

14.Certain Definitions and Interpretations.
As used in this Agreement: 

(a)the terms Affiliate and Associate (and any plurals thereof) have the meanings
ascribed to such terms under Rule 12b-2 promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act and shall include all persons or entities that after
the date hereof become Affiliates or Associates of any applicable person or entity referred to in this Agreement; provided, however,
that the term Associate shall refer only to Associates controlled by the Company or Engine, as applicable; provided,
further, that, for purposes of this Agreement, Engine shall not be an Affiliate or Associate of the Company and the Company shall
not be an Affiliate or Associate of Engine;

(b)the terms beneficial ownership, group, person, proxy
and solicitation (and any plurals thereof) have the meanings ascribed to such terms under the Exchange Act and the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, provided, that the meaning of solicitation shall be without regard
to the exclusions set forth in Rules 14a-1(l)(2)(iv) and 14a-2 under the Exchange Act;

(c)the term Business Day means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial
banks in the State of Delaware are authorized or obligated to be closed by applicable law;

(d)the term Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder;

(e)the term Extraordinary Transaction means any tender offer, exchange offer, merger, consolidation, acquisition,
business combination, sale, recapitalization, restructuring, or other corporate transaction with a third party that, in each case, results
in a change in control of the Company or the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of its property and assets;

(f)the
term Net Long Position means such shares of Common Stock beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, that
constitute such persons net long position as defined in Rule 14e-4 under the Exchange Act mutatis mutandis; provided,
that Net Long Position shall not include any shares as to which such person does not have the right to vote or direct
the vote other than as a result of being in a margin account, or as to which such person has entered into a derivative or other
agreement, arrangement or understanding that hedges or transfers, in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, any of the economic
consequences of ownership of such shares; and the terms person or persons, for purposes of the meaning
of the term Net Long Position, shall mean any individual, corporation (including not-for-profit), general or limited
partnership, limited liability or unlimited liability company, joint venture, estate, trust, associate, organization or other entity
of any kind or nature

9

(g)the term Representatives means (i) a persons Affiliates and Associates, and (ii) its and their
respective directors, officers, employees, partners, members, managers, consultants, agents and other representatives acting in a capacity
on behalf of, in concert with or at the direction of such person or its Affiliates or Associates;

(h)the term SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission;

(i)the term Short Interests means any agreement, arrangement, understanding or relationship, including
any repurchase or similar so-called stock borrowing agreement or arrangement, engaged in,
directly or indirectly, by such person, the purpose or effect of which is to mitigate loss to, reduce the economic risk (of ownership
or otherwise) of shares of any class or series of the Companys equity securities by, manage the
risk of share price changes for, or increase or decrease the voting power of, such person with respect to the shares of any class or series
of the Companys equity securities, or that provides, directly or indirectly, the opportunity to profit from any decrease in the
price or value of the shares of any class or series of the Companys equity securities;

(j)the term Stockholder Meeting means each annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Company, or any action
by written consent of the Companys stockholders in lieu thereof, and any adjournment, postponement, rescheduling or continuation
thereof;

(k)the term Synthetic Equity Interests means any derivative, swap or other transaction or series of transactions
engaged in, directly or indirectly, by such person, the purpose or effect of which is to give such person economic risk similar to ownership
of equity securities of any class or series of the Company, including due to the fact that the value of such derivative, swap or other
transactions are determined by reference to the price, value or volatility of any shares of any class or series of the Companys
equity securities, or which derivative, swap or other transactions provide the opportunity to profit from any increase in the price or
value of shares of any class or series of the Companys equity securities, without regard to whether (i) the derivative,
swap or other transactions convey any voting rights in such equity securities to such person; (ii) the derivative, swap or other transactions
are required to be, or are capable of being, settled through delivery of such equity securities; or (iii) such person may have entered
into other transactions that hedge or mitigate the economic effect of such derivative, swap or other transactions; and

(l)the term Third Party refers to any person that is not a party, a member of the Board, a director or
officer of the Company, or legal counsel to any party.

In this Agreement, unless a
clear contrary intention appears, (i) the word including (in its various forms) means including, without limitation;
(ii) the words hereunder, hereof, hereto and words of similar import are references to this
Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement; (iii) the word or is not exclusive; (iv) references
to Sections in this Agreement are references to Sections of this Agreement unless
otherwise indicated; and (v) whenever the context requires, the masculine gender shall include the feminine and neuter genders.

10

15. Miscellaneous.

(a)This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes all other prior agreements and understandings,
both written and oral, between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.

(b)This Agreement is solely for the benefit of the parties and is not enforceable by any other persons.

(c)This Agreement shall not be assignable by operation of law or otherwise by a party without the consent of the other party.
Any purported assignment without such consent is void ab initio. Subject to the foregoing sentence, this Agreement shall be binding
upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by and against the permitted successors and assigns of each party.

(d)Neither the failure nor any delay by a party in exercising any right, power or privilege under this Agreement shall operate
as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of
any right, power or privilege hereunder.

(e)If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions of this Agreement shall remain in full force
and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties
that the parties would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such which may
be hereafter declared invalid, void or unenforceable. In addition, the parties agree to use their reasonable best efforts to agree upon
and substitute a valid and enforceable term, provision, covenant or restriction for any of such that is held invalid, void or unenforceable
by a court of competent jurisdiction.

(f)Any amendment or modification of the terms and conditions set forth herein or any waiver of such terms and conditions must
be agreed to in a writing signed by each party.

(g)This Agreement may be executed in one (1) or more textually identical counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original,
but all of which together shall constitute one (1) and the same agreement. Signatures to this Agreement transmitted by facsimile transmission,
by electronic mail in portable document format (.pdf) form, or by any other electronic means intended to preserve
the original graphic and pictorial appearance of a document, shall have the same effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing
the original signature.

(h)Each of the parties acknowledges that it has been represented by counsel of its choice throughout all negotiations that
have preceded the execution of this Agreement, and that it has executed this Agreement with the advice of such counsel.

(i)The headings set forth in this Agreement are for convenience of reference purposes only and shall not affect or be deemed
to affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement or any term or provision of this Agreement.

[Signature Page Follows]

11

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of
the parties has executed this Agreement, or caused the same to be executed by its duly authorized representative, as of the date first
above written.

COMPANY:

NATIONAL VISION HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/ Jared Brandman

Jared Brandman

Senior Vice President, Chief Legal and 

Strategy Officer and Secretary

ENGINE:

ENGINE CAPITAL, L.P.

By: Engine Investments, LLC, General Partner

By: /s/ Arnaud Ajdler

Arnaud Ajdler

EXHIBIT A

Form of Press Release

National Vision Appoints Jim McGrann and Michael
Nicholson to Board of Directors

Enters into Cooperation Agreement with Engine
Capital

DULUTH, Ga. -- March 17, 2025 -- National Vision
Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: EYE) (National Vision or the Company) today announced the appointment of two new independent
directors, Jim McGrann and Michael Nicholson to its Board of Directors (the Board), effective March 17, 2025. Mr. McGrann
will serve on the Boards Compensation Committee and Mr. Nicholson will serve on the Boards Audit Committee and Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee. With the addition of Messrs. McGrann and Nicholson, the Board will expand from 9 to 11 members. The
Board has also formed an Advisory Committee that will help oversee National Visions ongoing transformation initiatives with the
help of the Companys consultant. The committee will be comprised of two existing National Vision directors, Randy Peeler and Susan
Johnson, as well as Messrs. McGrann and Nicholson.

The director appointments announced today are
being made in connection with a Cooperation Agreement (the Agreement) with Engine Capital, LP and certain of its affiliates
(Engine).

Mr. McGrann is an eye care industry veteran with
nearly 30 years of experience across the industry serving in Chief Executive Officer, Chief Technology Officer and Chief Information Officer
roles throughout his career. Mr. McGrann currently serves as CEO of Advancing Eyecare, a leading provider of ophthalmic instruments, and
previously led Professional Eye Care Associates of America (PECAA), VSP Global and VSP Vision Care, among other positions. He began his
career as a management consultant for 15 years and was a senior executive at Accenture and IBM a partner at Ernst & Young. He serves
on the board of directors of the private optical software company, Ocuco, and previously served on the board of directors of the private
optical company, Keplr. He is the current chairman of the board for Prevent Blindness. Mr. McGrann holds a Bachelor of Science in Industrial
Engineering from Columbia University.

Mr. Nicholson is a seasoned retail executive with
extensive expertise in business transformation, operations, and finance. He currently serves as the President and Chief Operating Officer
of J.Crew Group, where he has held multiple leadership roles, including Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Prior
to joining J.Crew, Mr. Nicholson was the Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer at ANN INC. and Victorias Secret Beauty.
His career also includes senior leadership positions at Colgate-Palmolive, Altria, and PwC, where he played key roles in developing financial
strategy and implementing operational excellence. Mr. Nicholson holds a Bachelors degree in Accounting from Niagara University
and a Master of Business Administration from St. Johns University and is a Certified Public Accountant.

Randy Peeler, Chairman of the National Vision
Board, said, As part of our ongoing efforts to add new perspectives to the Board, we are pleased to welcome Jim and Mike to our
Board. With Jims deep experience across the optical space and Mikes robust retail background, and their respective proven
track records of operational and financial acumen, each will be immediately additive to the work we are doing. Continued refreshment is
a key pillar of our commitment to support National Visions long-term growth objectives and the changes announced today underscore
this commitment.

We are starting the year with strong momentum
across the business and we have a lot of exciting work underway as we kickstart this next phase of our transformation initiatives,
said Reade Fahs, Chief Executive Officer of National Vision. As we execute our plan with discipline and rigor, we will continue
to deliver value for our shareholders and other stakeholders, and I am looking forward to working alongside our new directors as we capture
the significant opportunities ahead.

Arnaud Ajdler, Founder and Portfolio Manager of
Engine, said, We invested in National Vision because of its unique leadership position in the optical industry, its long-term growth
potential, its attractive valuation and the potential for significant margin improvement. We appreciate the productive engagement we have
had with the Company and we look forward to the contributions from these new directors to advance the Companys strategic initiatives
and enhance value for all shareholders.

The Agreement, which includes certain customary
standstill, voting and other provisions, will be filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to
a Current Report on Form 8-K.

Goldman Sachs is serving as financial advisor
and Sidley Austin is serving as legal counsel to National Vision. Olshan Frome Wolosky LLP is serving as legal counsel to Engine.

About National Vision Holdings, Inc.

National Vision Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: EYE) is one of the largest
optical retail companies in the United States with over 1,200 stores in 38 states and Puerto Rico. With a mission of helping
people by making quality eye care and eyewear more affordable and accessible, the company operates four retail brands: Americas
Best, Eyeglass World, and Vista Opticals inside select Fred Meyer stores and on select military bases, and an e-commerce website DiscountContacts.com,
offering a variety of products and services for customers eye care needs. For more information, please visit www.nationalvision.com.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning
of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These statements include,
but are not limited to, statements related to our current beliefs and expectations regarding the performance of our industry, the Companys
strategic direction, market position, prospects including remote medicine and optometrist recruiting and retention initiatives, and future
results. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as outlook, guidance,
believes, expects, potential, continues, may, will,
should, could, seeks, projects, predicts, intends,
plans, estimates, anticipates or the negative version of these words or other comparable words.
Caution should be taken not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement as such statements speak only as of the date when
made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future
developments or otherwise, except as required by law.

Forward-looking statements are not guarantees and are subject to
various risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those implied in forward-looking
statements. Such factors include, but are not limited to, market volatility, an overall decline in the health of the economy, global
macroeconomic conditions and other factors may affect consumer spending or behavior, which could materially harm our sales,
profitability and financial condition; we may not be successful in implementing our transformation initiatives, or in anticipating
the impact of important strategic initiatives, and our plans for implementing such initiatives may be altered or delayed due to
various factors, which may have an adverse impact on our business and financial results; failure to recruit and retain vision care
professionals for in-store roles or to provide remote care offerings could adversely affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations; the optical retail industry is highly competitive, and if we do not compete successfully, our business may be
adversely impacted; our success depends upon our marketing, advertising and promotional efforts and if we are unable to implement
them successfully or efficiently, or if our competitors are more effective than we are, we may experience a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations; our success depends substantially on the value of our owned brands,
and failure to maintain, protect, and enhance their value could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, and
results of operations; if we fail to open and operate new stores (including as a result of store conversions) in a timely and
cost-effective manner or fail to successfully enter new markets, our financial performance could be materially and adversely
affected; our growth is dependent on our ability to increase sales in existing stores and to successfully reinvest in existing
stores; if we are unable to successfully implement our pricing strategies, it could have an adverse impact on our business; we are a
low-cost provider and our business model relies on the low cost of inputs, and factors such as wage rate increases, inflation, cost
increases, increases in the price of raw materials and energy prices could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations; we require significant capital to fund our expanding business including updating our Enterprise
Resource Planning and Customer Relationship Management, and other technological, systems and capabilities; our growth strategy could
strain our existing resources and cause the performance of our existing stores to suffer; we are subject to risks associated with
leasing substantial amounts of space, including future increases in occupancy costs; our e-commerce and omni-channel business faces
distinct risks, and our failure to successfully manage those risks could have a negative impact on our profitability; if we fail to
retain our existing senior management team or attract qualified new personnel such failure could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and results of operations; our operating results and inventory levels fluctuate on a seasonal
basis; catastrophic events, including changing climate and weather patterns leading to severe weather and natural disasters may
cause significant business interruptions and expenditures; certain technological advances, greater availability of, or increased
consumer preferences for, vision correction alternatives to prescription eyeglasses or contact lenses, or future drug development
for the correction of vision-related problems may reduce the demand for our products and adversely impact our business and
profitability; our profitability and cash flows may be negatively affected if we are not successful in managing our inventory
balances and inventory shrinkage; we depend on our distribution centers and optical laboratories and the loss of, or disruption in
the operations of, one or more of these facilities may adversely affect our ability to process and fulfill customer orders and
deliver our products in a timely manner, or at all, and may result in quality issues, which would adversely affect our reputation,
our business and our profitability; if the performance of our Host brands declines or we are unable to maintain or extend our
operating relationships with our Host partners, our business, profitability and cash flows may be adversely affected and we may be
required to incur impairment charges; the termination of our partnership with Walmart has had, and may continue to have, an impact
on our business, revenues, profitability and cash flows, which impact could be material; we may incur losses arising from our
investments in technological innovators in the optical retail industry, including artificial intelligence, which would negatively
affect our financial results; sustainability issues, including those related to climate change, could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations; our future operational success depends on our ability to develop,
maintain and extend relationships with managed vision care companies, vision insurance providers and other third-party payors; we
face risks associated with vendors from whom our products are sourced and are dependent on a limited number of suppliers; we rely
heavily on our information technology systems, as well as those of our vendors, for our business to effectively operate and to
safeguard confidential information and any significant failure, inadequacy, interruption or security breach could adversely affect
our business, financial condition and operations; we rely on third-party coverage and reimbursement, including government programs,
for an increasing portion of our revenues, the future reduction of which could adversely affect our results of operations; we are
subject to extensive state, local and federal vision care and healthcare laws and regulations and failure to adhere to such laws and
regulations would adversely affect our business; we are subject to managed vision care laws and regulations and failure to adhere to
such laws and regulations would adversely affect our business; we are subject to rapidly changing and increasingly stringent laws,
regulations, contractual obligations, and industry standards relating to privacy, data security and data protection, which could
subject us to liabilities that adversely affect our business, operations and financial performance; we could be adversely affected
by product liability, product recall or personal injury issues; failure to comply with laws, regulations and enforcement activities
or changes in statutory, regulatory, accounting and other legal requirements could potentially impact our operating and financial
results; adverse judgments or settlements resulting from legal proceedings relating to our business operations could materially
adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations; we may not be able to adequately protect our
intellectual property, which could harm the value of our brand and adversely affect our business; we have a significant amount of
indebtedness which could adversely affect our business and financial position, including by limiting our business flexibility and
preventing us from meeting our debt obligations; a change in interest rates may adversely affect our business; our credit agreement
contains restrictions that limit our flexibility in operating our business; conversion of the 2025 Notes could dilute the ownership
interest of existing stockholders or may otherwise depress the price of our common stock; and risks related to owning our common
stock, including our ability to comply with requirements to design and implement and maintain effective internal controls.
Additional information about these and other factors that could cause National Visions results to differ materially from
those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in filings by National Vision with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC), including our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, which
are accessible on the SECs website at www.sec.gov. These factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in
conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this release and in our filings with the SEC.

Contacts

Investors:

investor.relations@nationalvision.com

National Vision Holdings, Inc.

Tamara Gonzalez

ICR, Inc.

Caitlin Churchill

Media:

media@nationalvision.com

Dan Moore / Tali Epstein

Collected Strategies

NationalVision-CS@collectedstrategies.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm259478d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

National Vision Appoints Jim McGrann and Michael
Nicholson to Board of Directors

Enters into Cooperation Agreement with Engine
Capital

DULUTH, Ga. -- March 17, 2025 -- National Vision
Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: EYE) (National Vision or the Company) today announced the appointment of two new independent
directors, Jim McGrann and Michael Nicholson to its Board of Directors (the Board), effective March 17, 2025. Mr. McGrann
will serve on the Boards Compensation Committee and Mr. Nicholson will serve on the Boards Audit Committee and Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee. With the addition of Messrs. McGrann and Nicholson, the Board will expand from 9 to 11 members. The
Board has also formed an Advisory Committee that will help oversee National Visions ongoing transformation initiatives with the
help of the Companys consultant. The committee will be comprised of two existing National Vision directors, Randy Peeler and Susan
Johnson, as well as Messrs. McGrann and Nicholson.

The director appointments announced today are
being made in connection with a Cooperation Agreement (the Agreement) with Engine Capital, LP and certain of its affiliates
(Engine).

Mr. McGrann is an eye care industry veteran with
nearly 30 years of experience across the industry serving in Chief Executive Officer, Chief Technology Officer and Chief Information Officer
roles throughout his career. Mr. McGrann currently serves as CEO of Advancing Eyecare, a leading provider of ophthalmic instruments, and
previously led Professional Eye Care Associates of America (PECAA), VSP Global and VSP Vision Care, among other positions. He began his
career as a management consultant for 15 years and was a senior executive at Accenture and IBM a partner at Ernst & Young. He serves
on the board of directors of the private optical software company, Ocuco, and previously served on the board of directors of the private
optical company, Keplr. He is the current chairman of the board for Prevent Blindness. Mr. McGrann holds a Bachelor of Science in Industrial
Engineering from Columbia University.

Mr. Nicholson is a seasoned retail executive with
extensive expertise in business transformation, operations, and finance. He currently serves as the President and Chief Operating Officer
of J.Crew Group, where he has held multiple leadership roles, including Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Prior
to joining J.Crew, Mr. Nicholson was the Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer at ANN INC. and Victorias Secret Beauty.
His career also includes senior leadership positions at Colgate-Palmolive, Altria, and PwC, where he played key roles in developing financial
strategy and implementing operational excellence. Mr. Nicholson holds a Bachelors degree in Accounting from Niagara University
and a Master of Business Administration from St. Johns University and is a Certified Public Accountant.

Randy Peeler, Chairman of the National Vision
Board, said, As part of our ongoing efforts to add new perspectives to the Board, we are pleased to welcome Jim and Mike to our
Board. With Jims deep experience across the optical space and Mikes robust retail background, and their respective proven
track records of operational and financial acumen, each will be immediately additive to the work we are doing. Continued refreshment is
a key pillar of our commitment to support National Visions long-term growth objectives and the changes announced today underscore
this commitment.

We are starting the year with strong momentum
across the business and we have a lot of exciting work underway as we kickstart this next phase of our transformation initiatives,
said Reade Fahs, Chief Executive Officer of National Vision. As we execute our plan with discipline and rigor, we will continue
to deliver value for our shareholders and other stakeholders, and I am looking forward to working alongside our new directors as we capture
the significant opportunities ahead.

Arnaud Ajdler, Founder and Portfolio Manager of
Engine, said, We invested in National Vision because of its unique leadership position in the optical industry, its long-term growth
potential, its attractive valuation and the potential for significant margin improvement. We appreciate the productive engagement we have
had with the Company and we look forward to the contributions from these new directors to advance the Companys strategic initiatives
and enhance value for all shareholders.

The Agreement, which includes certain customary
standstill, voting and other provisions, will be filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to
a Current Report on Form 8-K.

Goldman Sachs is serving as financial advisor
and Sidley Austin is serving as legal counsel to National Vision. Olshan Frome Wolosky LLP is serving as legal counsel to Engine.

About National Vision Holdings, Inc.

National Vision Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: EYE) is one of the largest
optical retail companies in the United States with over 1,200 stores in 38 states and Puerto Rico. With a mission of helping
people by making quality eye care and eyewear more affordable and accessible, the company operates four retail brands: Americas
Best, Eyeglass World, and Vista Opticals inside select Fred Meyer stores and on select military bases, and an e-commerce website DiscountContacts.com,
offering a variety of products and services for customers eye care needs. For more information, please visit www.nationalvision.com.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning
of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These statements include,
but are not limited to, statements related to our current beliefs and expectations regarding the performance of our industry, the Companys
strategic direction, market position, prospects including remote medicine and optometrist recruiting and retention initiatives, and future
results. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as outlook, guidance,
believes, expects, potential, continues, may, will,
should, could, seeks, projects, predicts, intends,
plans, estimates, anticipates or the negative version of these words or other comparable words.
Caution should be taken not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement as such statements speak only as of the date when
made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future
developments or otherwise, except as required by law.

Forward-looking statements are not guarantees and are subject to
various risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those implied in forward-looking
statements. Such factors include, but are not limited to, market volatility, an overall decline in the health of the economy, global
macroeconomic conditions and other factors may affect consumer spending or behavior, which could materially harm our sales,
profitability and financial condition; we may not be successful in implementing our transformation initiatives, or in anticipating
the impact of important strategic initiatives, and our plans for implementing such initiatives may be altered or delayed due to
various factors, which may have an adverse impact on our business and financial results; failure to recruit and retain vision care
professionals for in-store roles or to provide remote care offerings could adversely affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations; the optical retail industry is highly competitive, and if we do not compete successfully, our business may be
adversely impacted; our success depends upon our marketing, advertising and promotional efforts and if we are unable to implement
them successfully or efficiently, or if our competitors are more effective than we are, we may experience a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations; our success depends substantially on the value of our owned brands,
and failure to maintain, protect, and enhance their value could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, and
results of operations; if we fail to open and operate new stores (including as a result of store conversions) in a timely and
cost-effective manner or fail to successfully enter new markets, our financial performance could be materially and adversely
affected; our growth is dependent on our ability to increase sales in existing stores and to successfully reinvest in existing
stores; if we are unable to successfully implement our pricing strategies, it could have an adverse impact on our business; we are a
low-cost provider and our business model relies on the low cost of inputs, and factors such as wage rate increases, inflation, cost
increases, increases in the price of raw materials and energy prices could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations; we require significant capital to fund our expanding business including updating our Enterprise
Resource Planning and Customer Relationship Management, and other technological, systems and capabilities; our growth strategy could
strain our existing resources and cause the performance of our existing stores to suffer; we are subject to risks associated with
leasing substantial amounts of space, including future increases in occupancy costs; our e-commerce and omni-channel business faces
distinct risks, and our failure to successfully manage those risks could have a negative impact on our profitability; if we fail to
retain our existing senior management team or attract qualified new personnel such failure could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and results of operations; our operating results and inventory levels fluctuate on a seasonal
basis; catastrophic events, including changing climate and weather patterns leading to severe weather and natural disasters may
cause significant business interruptions and expenditures; certain technological advances, greater availability of, or increased
consumer preferences for, vision correction alternatives to prescription eyeglasses or contact lenses, or future drug development
for the correction of vision-related problems may reduce the demand for our products and adversely impact our business and
profitability; our profitability and cash flows may be negatively affected if we are not successful in managing our inventory
balances and inventory shrinkage; we depend on our distribution centers and optical laboratories and the loss of, or disruption in
the operations of, one or more of these facilities may adversely affect our ability to process and fulfill customer orders and
deliver our products in a timely manner, or at all, and may result in quality issues, which would adversely affect our reputation,
our business and our profitability; if the performance of our Host brands declines or we are unable to maintain or extend our
operating relationships with our Host partners, our business, profitability and cash flows may be adversely affected and we may be
required to incur impairment charges; the termination of our partnership with Walmart has had, and may continue to have, an impact
on our business, revenues, profitability and cash flows, which impact could be material; we may incur losses arising from our
investments in technological innovators in the optical retail industry, including artificial intelligence, which would negatively
affect our financial results; sustainability issues, including those related to climate change, could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations; our future operational success depends on our ability to develop,
maintain and extend relationships with managed vision care companies, vision insurance providers and other third-party payors; we
face risks associated with vendors from whom our products are sourced and are dependent on a limited number of suppliers; we rely
heavily on our information technology systems, as well as those of our vendors, for our business to effectively operate and to
safeguard confidential information and any significant failure, inadequacy, interruption or security breach could adversely affect
our business, financial condition and operations; we rely on third-party coverage and reimbursement, including government programs,
for an increasing portion of our revenues, the future reduction of which could adversely affect our results of operations; we are
subject to extensive state, local and federal vision care and healthcare laws and regulations and failure to adhere to such laws and
regulations would adversely affect our business; we are subject to managed vision care laws and regulations and failure to adhere to
such laws and regulations would adversely affect our business; we are subject to rapidly changing and increasingly stringent laws,
regulations, contractual obligations, and industry standards relating to privacy, data security and data protection, which could
subject us to liabilities that adversely affect our business, operations and financial performance; we could be adversely affected
by product liability, product recall or personal injury issues; failure to comply with laws, regulations and enforcement activities
or changes in statutory, regulatory, accounting and other legal requirements could potentially impact our operating and financial
results; adverse judgments or settlements resulting from legal proceedings relating to our business operations could materially
adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations; we may not be able to adequately protect our
intellectual property, which could harm the value of our brand and adversely affect our business; we have a significant amount of
indebtedness which could adversely affect our business and financial position, including by limiting our business flexibility and
preventing us from meeting our debt obligations; a change in interest rates may adversely affect our business; our credit agreement
contains restrictions that limit our flexibility in operating our business; conversion of the 2025 Notes could dilute the ownership
interest of existing stockholders or may otherwise depress the price of our common stock; and risks related to owning our common
stock, including our ability to comply with requirements to design and implement and maintain effective internal controls.
Additional information about these and other factors that could cause National Visions results to differ materially from
those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in filings by National Vision with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC), including our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, which
are accessible on the SECs website at www.sec.gov. These factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in
conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this release and in our filings with the SEC.

Contacts

Investors:

investor.relations@nationalvision.com

National Vision Holdings, Inc.

Tamara Gonzalez

ICR, Inc.

Caitlin Churchill

Media:

media@nationalvision.com

Dan Moore / Tali Epstein

Collected Strategies

NationalVision-CS@collectedstrategies.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>eye-20250317.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>eye-20250317_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>eye-20250317_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tm259478d1_ex99-1img01.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 17, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 17, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38257

Entity Registrant Name National Vision Holdings, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001710155

Entity Tax Identification Number 46-4841717

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 2435 Commerce Ave.

Entity Address, Address Line Two Building 2200

Entity Address, City or Town Duluth

Entity Address, State or Province GA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 30096

City Area Code 770

Local Phone Number 822-3600

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, par value $0.01 per share

Trading Symbol EYE

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://nationalvision.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

eye-20250317.xsd 
eye-20250317_lab.xml 
eye-20250317_pre.xml 
tm259478d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-024481-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>tm259478d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001710155 

2025-03-17 
2025-03-17 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001710155 
8-K 
2025-03-17 
National Vision Holdings, Inc. 
001-38257 
DE 
46-4841717 
2435 Commerce Ave. 
Building 2200 
30096 
Duluth 
GA 
770 
822-3600 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.01 per share 
EYE 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>