<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001402829-25-000008.txt : 20250325
<SEC-HEADER>0001402829-25-000008.hdr.sgml : 20250325
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250324210431
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001402829-25-000008
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250320
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250325
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Orion Group Holdings Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001402829
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HEAVY CONSTRUCTION OTHER THAN BUILDING CONST - CONTRACTORS [1600]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		EIN:				260097459
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33891
		FILM NUMBER:		25765532

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12000 AEROSPACE SUITE 300
		CITY:			Houston
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77034
		BUSINESS PHONE:		713-852-6500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12000 AEROSPACE SUITE 300
		CITY:			Houston
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77034

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Orion Marine Group Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070612
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>orn-20250320x8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

0001402829false--12-3100014028292025-03-202025-03-20

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 20, 2025

ORION GROUP HOLDINGS, INC.

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 

1-33891 

26-0097459

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer Identification Number)

12000 AerospaceSuite 300

Houston, Texas77034

(Address of principal executive offices)

(713) 852-6500

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)

Title of Each Class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of Each Exchange 

on Which Registered

Common stock, $0.01 par value per share 

ORN 

The New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.03Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

Effective March 20, 2025, the Board of Directors (the Board) of Orion Group Holdings, Inc. (the Company) amended and restated the Companys Amended and Restated Bylaws (as amended and restated, the Bylaws). Among other changes, the amendments to the Bylaws:

provide that, unless otherwise required by applicable law, the Companys Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws, the voting standard for: (1) all matters submitted to the stockholders other than the election of directors is the affirmative vote of a majority of the total voting power of the stock present in person (including by means of remote communication, if any) or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on such matter at a meeting of stockholders at which a quorum is present; and (2) the election of directors is a plurality of the votes of the shares present in person (including by means of remote communication, if any) or represented by proxy and entitled to vote in the election of directors at the meeting;

provide that abstentions and broker non-votes shall be counted as present for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at any meeting of stockholders and, unless otherwise required by applicable law, the Companys Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws: (1) shares abstaining from voting shall have (i) the effect of a vote cast against a proposal where the vote required to approve such proposal is the affirmative vote of a majority of the total voting power of the stock present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on such matter at the meeting or the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares; and (ii) no effect on the outcome of the vote on director nominees; and (2) broker non-votes shall have: (i) no effect on the outcome of the vote on proposals where the vote required to approve such proposal is the affirmative vote of a majority of the total voting power of the stock present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on such matter at the meeting; (ii) the effect of a vote cast against a proposal where the vote required to approve such proposal is a majority of the outstanding shares; and (iii) no effect on the outcome of the vote on director nominees;

provide that (1) the indemnification and expense advancement rights in the Bylaws and the Companys Certificate of Incorporation are contract rights that vest at the time of an indemnified persons service to the Company and survive after an indemnified person ceases to serve in such capacity and inures to the benefit of such indemnified persons heirs, executors, administrators and personal representatives; and (2) no future repeal or modification of the indemnification and expense advancement rights in the Bylaws and the Companys Certificate of Incorporation, or any modification of applicable law, shall adversely affect any right or protection of an indemnified person;

remove the obligation of the Board to present a statement of the business and condition of the Company at each meeting of the stockholders; and 

conform the amendment provision of the Bylaws with the Companys Certificate of Incorporation to clarify that stockholders may amend the Bylaws (in addition to the Board) in the manner provided in the Bylaws and the Companys Certificate of Incorporation.

The Bylaws also include certain ministerial, modernizing, conforming, clarifying and clean-up changes. The foregoing description of the Bylaws (and the amendments reflected therein) is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Bylaws, which are attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 3.1 and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits:

Exhibit No. 

Description

3.1 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Orion Group Holdings, Inc. as of March 20, 2025

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit No. 

Description

3.1 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Orion Group Holdings, Inc. as of March 20, 2025

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

ORION GROUP HOLDINGS, INC.

Dated: March 25 2025 By: /s/ Travis J. Boone 

Travis J. Boone

President and Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>orn-20250320xex3d1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit

Exhibit 3.1

ORION GROUP HOLDINGS, INC.

(formerly Orion Marine Group, Inc.), 

a Delaware corporation

(formerly Hunter Acquisition Corp.), 

a Delaware corporation

AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS

As amended on March 20, 2025

ARTICLE 1

OFFICES

Section 1.1. Registered Office. The registered office of Orion Group Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Corporation), shall be the registered office named in the certificate of incorporation.

Section 1.2. Other Offices. The Corporation may also have offices at such other places, either within or without the State of Delaware, as the board of directors may from time to time to determine or as the business of the Corporation may require.

ARTICLE 2

MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

Section 2.1. Place of Meetings. All meetings of the stockholders shall be held at the principal office of the Corporation or at such other places as may be fixed from time to time by the board of directors, either within or without the State of Delaware, and stated in the notice of the meeting or in a duly executed waiver of notice of the meeting, or the board of directors, may in its sole discretion, determine that the meeting shall not be held at any place, but may instead be held solely by means of remote communication.

Section 2.2. Annual Meetings. Annual meetings of stockholders, commencing with the year 2008, shall be held at the time and place, if any, to be selected by the board of directors, which date shall be within 13 months subsequent to the last annual meeting of stockholders. If the day is a legal holiday, then the meeting shall be held on the next following business day. At each annual meeting, the stockholders shall elect directors to succeed those whose terms expire and transact such other business as may properly be brought before the meeting. Each election of directors need not be by written ballot, unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation. If authorized by the board of directors, such requirement of a written ballot may be satisfied by a ballot submitted 

1

Exhibit 3.1

by electronic transmission, provided, that any such electronic transmission must either set forth or 

2

be submitted with information from which it can be determined that the electronic transmission was authorized by the stockholder or proxyholder.

Section 2.3. Notice of Annual Meeting. Notice of the annual meeting stating the place, if any, date, and hour of the meeting shall be given in accordance with Sections 2.4 and 5.1 of these Bylaws to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting.

Section 2.4. Manner of Giving Notice; Affidavit of Notice. If mailed, notice to stockholders shall be deemed given when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at his address as it appears on the records of the Corporation. Without limiting the manner by which notice may otherwise be given effectively to stockholders, any notice to stockholders may be given by electronic transmission in the manner provided in Section 232 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL). An affidavit of the secretary or an assistant secretary or of the transfer agent of the Corporation that the notice has been given shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated in such affidavit.

Section 2.5. Voting List. The officer who has charge of the stock ledger of the Corporation shall prepare and make, at least 10 days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination by any stockholder for any purpose germane to the meeting, both (a) for a period of at least 10 days prior to the meeting either at a place within the city where the meeting is to be held, which place shall be specified in the notice of the meeting, or at the place where the meeting is held and (b) during the whole time of the meeting as in the manner provided by law.

Section 2.6. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the stockholders, for any purpose or purposes, unless otherwise prescribed by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation, may be called by the board of directors acting pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of authorized directors (regardless of whether there exist any vacancies in such authorized directorships), and not by stockholders.

Section 2.7. Notice of Special Meetings. Notice of a special meeting stating the place, if any, date, and hour of the meeting and the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called, shall be given in accordance with Sections 2.4 and 5.1 of these Bylaws not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting, to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting. Business transacted at any special meeting of the stockholders shall be limited to the purposes stated in the notice.

Section 2.8. Business to be Brought Before a Meeting of Stockholders. To be properly brought before a meeting of stockholders, business must be either (a) specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction of the Board of Directors; (b) otherwise brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board of Directors; or (c) otherwise properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder of the Corporation who is a stockholder of record at the time of giving of notice provided for in this Section, who shall be entitled to vote at such annual meeting and who complies with the notice procedures set forth in 

3

this Section. In addition to any other applicable requirements, for business to be brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder of the Corporation, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, a stockholders notice must be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal executive offices of the Corporation, not less than 120 days prior to the anniversary date of the proxy statement for the preceding annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation. A stockholders notice to the Secretary shall set forth as to each matter (a) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting; (b) the name and address, as they appear on the Corporations books, of the stockholder proposing such business; (c) the acquisition date, the class and the number of shares of voting stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially by the stockholder; (d) any material interest of the stockholder in such business; and (e) a representation that the stockholder intends to appear in person or by proxy at the annual meeting to bring the proposed business before the meeting.

Section 2.9. Quorum. The holders of a majority of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote at meetings of the stockholders, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders for the transaction of business, except as otherwise provided by applicable law or by the Certificate of Incorporation. Shares abstaining from voting and broker non-votes shall be counted as present for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present. The stockholders present at a duly organized meeting may continue to transaction business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough stockholders to leave less than a quorum. If, however, such quorum shall not be present or represented at any meeting of the stockholders, the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting, present in person or represented by proxy, shall have power to adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present or represented. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum shall be present or represented, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally notified. If the adjournment is for more than 30 days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting.

Section 2.10. Order of Business. At each meeting of the stockholders, one of the following persons, in the order in which they are listed (and in the absence of the first, the next, and so on), shall serve as chairperson of the meeting: chairperson of the board, chief executive officer, president, vice presidents (in the order of their seniority if more than one), and secretary. The order of business at each such meeting shall be as determined by the chairperson of the meeting. The chairperson of the meeting shall have the right and authority to prescribe such rules, regulations, and procedures and to do all such acts and things as are necessary or desirable for the proper conduct of the meeting, including, without limitation, the establishment of procedures for the maintenance of order and safety, limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments on the affairs of the Corporation, restrictions on entry to such meeting after the time prescribed for the commencement thereof, and the opening and closing of the voting polls.

Section 2.11. Required Vote. Unless otherwise required by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, in all matters (other than the election of directors) brought before any meeting of stockholders, the affirmative vote of a majority of the total voting power of the stock present in person (including by means of remote communication, if any) or represented by 

4

proxy and entitled to vote on such matter at a meeting of stockholders at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the stockholders. Directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes of the shares present in person (including by means of remote communication, if any) or represented by proxy and entitled to vote in the election of directors at the meeting. 

Section 2.12. Treatment of Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes. 

(a)Except as otherwise required by applicable law, shares abstaining from voting shall have: (i) the effect of a vote cast against a proposal where the vote required to approve such proposal is the affirmative vote of a majority of the total voting power of the stock present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on such matter at the meeting or the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares; and (ii) no effect on the outcome of the vote on director nominees. 

(b)Except as otherwise required by applicable law, a broker non-vote shall have: (i) no effect on the outcome of the vote on proposals where the vote required to approve such proposal is the affirmative vote of a majority of the total voting power of the stock present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on such matter at the meeting; (ii) the effect of a vote cast against a proposal where the vote required to approve such proposal is a majority of the outstanding shares; and (iii) no effect on the outcome of the vote on director nominees.

Section 2.13. Method of Voting. Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, each stockholder shall at every meeting of the stockholders be entitled to one vote in person or by proxy for each share of the capital stock having voting power held by such stockholder. 

Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder by proxy. Proxies for use at any meeting of stockholders shall be filed with the Secretary, or such other officer as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine by resolution, before or at the time of the meeting. All proxies shall be received and taken charge of and all ballots shall be received and canvassed by the secretary of the meeting, who shall decide all questions touching upon the qualification of voters, the validity of the proxies, and the acceptance or rejection of votes, unless an inspector or inspectors shall have been appointed by the chairman of the meeting, in which event such inspector or inspectors shall decide all such questions.

No proxy shall be valid after three years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. Each proxy shall be revocable unless expressly provided therein to be irrevocable and coupled with an interest sufficient in law to support an irrevocable power.

Should a proxy designate two or more persons to act as proxies, unless such instrument shall provide the contrary, a majority of such persons present at any meeting at which their powers thereunder are to be exercised shall have and may exercise all the powers of voting thereby conferred, or if only one be present, then such powers may be exercised by that one; or, if an even number attend and a majority do not agree on any particular issue, each proxy so attending shall be entitled to exercise such powers in respect of such portion of the shares as is equal to the 

5

reciprocal of the fraction equal to the number of proxies representing such shares divided by the total number of shares represented by such proxies.

Section 2.14. Presence at Meetings. If authorized by the board of directors in its sole discretion, and subject to such guidelines and procedures as the board of directors may adopt, stockholders and proxyholders not physically present at the meeting of stockholders may by means of remote communication (a) participate in a meeting of stockholders and (b) be deemed present in person and vote at a meeting of stockholders whether such meeting is to be held at a designated place or solely by means of remote communication, provided, that (i) the Corporation shall implement reasonable measures to verify that each person deemed present and permitted to vote at the meeting by means of remote communication is a stockholder or proxyholder; (ii) the Corporation shall implement reasonable measures to provide such stockholders and proxyholders a reasonable opportunity to participate in the meeting and to vote on matters submitted to the stockholders, including an opportunity to read or hear the proceedings of the meeting substantially concurrently with such proceedings; and (iii) if any stockholder or proxyholder votes or takes other action at the meeting by means of remote communication, a record of such vote or other action shall be maintained by the Corporation.

Section 2.15. Treasury Stock. The Corporation shall not vote, directly or indirectly, shares of its own stock owned by it and such shares shall not be counted for quorum purposes. Nothing in this Section 2.15 shall be construed as limiting the right of the Corporation to vote stock, including but not limited to its own stock, held by it in a fiduciary capacity.

ARTICLE 3

DIRECTORS

Section 3.1. General Powers. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the board of directors, which may exercise all such powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation or by these Bylaws directed or required to be exercised or done by the stockholders.

Section 3.2. Number of Directors. The number of directors constituting the board shall be such number as shall be from time to time specified by resolution of the board of directors; provided, that no directors term shall be shortened by reason of a resolution reducing the number of directors. If the board of directors makes no such specification, the number of directors shall be three.

Section 3.3. Qualification, and Term of Office of Directors. Each director must be a citizen of the United States. Directors need not be stockholders or residents of the State of Delaware unless so required by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, which may prescribe other qualifications for directors. Each director, including a director elected to fill a vacancy, shall hold office until his successor is elected and qualified or until his earlier resignation or removal.

Section 3.4. Nomination of Directors. Only persons who are nominated in accordance with the following procedures shall be eligible for election as directors, except otherwise provided 

6

in the Certificate of Incorporation. Nominations of persons for election to the board of directors of the Corporation at a meeting of stockholders may be made (a) by or at the direction of the board of directors or (b) by any stockholder of the Corporation who is a stockholder of record at the time of giving of notice provided for in this Section, who shall be entitled to vote for the election of directors at the meeting and who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section. Such nominations, other than those made by or at the direction of the board of directors, shall be made pursuant to timely notice in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, a stockholders notice shall be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal executive offices of the Corporation (a) with respect to an election of directors to be held at the annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation, not later than 120 days prior to the anniversary date of the proxy statement for the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation and (b) with respect to an election of directors to be held at a special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation, not later than the close of business on the 10th day following the day on which such notice of the date of the special meeting was first mailed to the Corporations stockholders or public disclosure of the date of the special meeting was first made, whichever first occurs. Such stockholders notice to the Secretary shall set forth (a) as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or re-election as a director, all information relating to the person that is required to be disclosed in solicitations for proxies for election of directors, or is otherwise required, pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (including the written consent of such person to be named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serve as a director if elected); and (b) as to the stockholder giving the notice (i) the name and address, as they appear on the Corporations books, of such stockholder and (ii) the class and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation that are beneficially owned by the stockholder. At the request of any officer of the Corporation, any person nominated by the board of directors for election as a director shall furnish to the Secretary of the Corporation the information required to be set forth in a stockholders notice of nomination that pertains to the nominee.

In the event that a person is validly designated as nominee to the Board and shall thereafter become unable or unwilling to stand for election to the board of directors, the board of directors or the stockholder who proposed such nominee, as the case may be, may designate a substitute nominee.

Except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, no person shall be eligible to serve as a director of the Corporation unless nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section. The chairman of the meeting of stockholders shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that a nomination was not made in accordance with the procedures prescribed by the Bylaws, and if the chairman should so determine, the chairman shall so declare to meeting and the defective nomination shall be disregarded.

Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth above.

Section 3.5. Regular Meetings; First Meeting. Regular meetings of the board of directors may be held without notice at such times and at such places as shall from time to time be determined by the board. The board of directors may hold its first meeting of any new term, if a quorum is present, without notice immediately after and at the same place (including by means of 

7

remote communication in accordance with Section 3.9 of these Bylaws, if applicable) as the annual meeting of the stockholders.

Section 3.6. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the board may be called by the chairperson of the board, the chief executive officer or the president, and shall be called by the chief executive officer, the president or the secretary on the written request of two directors unless the board of directors consists of only one director, in which case special meetings shall be called by the chief executive officer, the president or the secretary on the written request of the sole director.

Section 3.7. Quorum, Majority Vote. At all meetings of the board, a majority of the entire board of directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business and the act of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which there is a quorum shall be the act of the board of directors, except as may be otherwise specifically provided by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation. If a quorum shall not be present at any meeting of the board of directors, the directors present at such meeting may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present.

Section 3.8. Action Without Meeting. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the board of directors or of any committee of the board of directors may be taken without a meeting, if all members of the board or committee, as the case may be, consent to such action in writing, or by electronic transmission and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the board or committee. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form. Such consent shall have the same force and effect as a unanimous vote at a meeting, and may be stated as such in any document or instrument filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware.

Section 3.9. Meetings by Means of Remote Communication. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, members of the board of directors, or any committee designated by the board of directors, may participate in a meeting of the board of directors, or any committee, by means of remote communication, including but not limited to, conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation in a meeting shall constitute presence in person at the meeting.

Section 3.10. Notice of Meetings. Notice of regular meetings of the board of directors or of any adjourned meeting of the board of directors need not be given. Notice of each special meeting of the board shall be mailed to each director, addressed to such director at such directors residence or usual place of business, at least two days before the day on which the meeting is to be held or shall be sent to such director at such place by telegraph or be given personally or by telephone, not later than the day before the meeting is to be held, but notice need not be given to any director who shall, either before or after the meeting, submit a signed waiver of such notice or who shall attend such meeting without protesting, prior to or at its commencement, the lack of notice to such director. Every such notice shall state the time and place but need not state the purpose of the meeting.

8

Section 3.11. Rules and Regulations. The board of directors may adopt such rules and regulations not inconsistent with the provisions of law, the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, or these Bylaws for the conduct of its meetings and management of the affairs of the Corporation as the board may deem proper.

Section 3.12. Resignations. Any director of the Corporation may at any time resign by giving notice in writing or by electronic transmission to the board of directors, the chairperson of the board, the chief executive officer, the president, or the secretary of the Corporation. Such resignation shall take effect at the time specified in such notice or, if the time be not specified, upon receipt of such notice; and, unless otherwise specified in such notice, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.

Section 3.13. Compensation of Directors. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the board of directors shall have the authority to fix the compensation of directors. The directors may be paid their expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of the board of directors and may be paid a fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of the board of directors or a stated salary as director. No such payment shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation for such service. Members of special or standing committees may be allowed like compensation for attending committee meetings.

ARTICLE 4

EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMITTEES

Section 4.1. Executive Committee. The board of directors may, by resolution adopted by a majority of the entire board, designate annually one or more of its members to constitute members or alternate members of an executive committee, which committee shall have and may exercise, between meetings of the board, all the powers and authority of the board in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, including, if such committee is so empowered and authorized by resolution adopted by a majority of the entire board, the power and authority to declare a dividend and to authorize the issuance of stock, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it, except that the executive committee shall not have such power or authority with reference to:

(a)amending the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation;

(b)adopting an agreement of merger or consolidation involving the Corporation;

(c)recommending to the stockholders the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of the property and assets of the Corporation;

(d)recommending to the stockholders a dissolution of the Corporation or a revocation of a dissolution;

(e)adopting, amending, or repealing any Bylaw;

9

(f)filling vacancies on the board or on any committee of the board, including the executive committee;

(g)fixing the compensation of directors for serving on the board or on any committee of the board, including the executive committee; or

(h)amending or repealing any resolution of the board which by its terms may be amended or repealed only by the board.

Section 4.2. Other Committees. The board of directors may, by resolution adopted by a majority of the entire board, designate from among its members one or more other committees, each of which shall, except as otherwise prescribed by law, have such authority of the board as may be specified in the resolution of the board designating such committee. A majority of all the members of such committee may determine its action and fix the time and place of its meetings, unless the board shall otherwise provide. The board shall have the power at any time to change the membership of, to increase or decrease the membership of, to fill all vacancies in, and to discharge any such committee, or any member of any such committee, either with or without cause.

Section 4.3. Procedure; Meetings; Quorum. Regular meetings of the executive committee or any other committee of the board of directors, of which no notice shall be necessary, may be held at such times and places as shall be fixed by resolution adopted by a majority of the members of such committee. Special meetings of the executive committee or any other committee of the board shall be called at the request of any member of such committee. Notice of each special meeting of the executive committee or any other committee of the board shall be sent by mail, remote communication, or delivered personally to each member of such committee not later than the day before the day on which the meeting is to be held, but notice need not be given to any member who shall, either before or after the meeting, submit a signed waiver of such notice or who shall attend such meeting without protesting, prior to or at its commencement, the lack of such notice to such member. Any special meeting of the executive committee or any other committee of the board shall be a legal meeting without any notice of such meeting having been given, if all the members of such committee shall be present at such meeting. Notice of any adjourned meeting of any committee of the board need not be given. The executive committee or any other committee of the board may adopt such rules and regulations not inconsistent with the provisions of law, the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, or these Bylaws for the conduct of its meetings as the executive committee or any other committee of the board may deem proper. A majority of the executive committee or any other committee of the board shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting, and the vote of a majority of the members of such committee present at any meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of such committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member, the remaining members, whether or not a quorum, may fill a vacancy. The executive committee or any other committee of the board of directors shall keep written minutes of its proceedings, a copy of which is to be filed with the secretary of the Corporation, and shall report on such proceedings to the board.

10

ARTICLE 5

NOTICES

Section 5.1. Method. Whenever, under the provisions of the statutes or of the Certificate of Incorporation or of these Bylaws, notice is required to be given to any director or stockholder, it shall not be construed to mean personal notice, but such notice may be given in writing, by mail, electronic mail, overnight delivery, facsimile, by other means of electronic transmission, or any other manner provided in Section 232 of the DGCL, addressed to such director or stockholder, at his mailing address, electronic mail address, or facsimile number as it appears on the records of the Corporation, with postage on such notice prepaid (as applicable), and such notice shall be deemed to be given at the time when the same shall be deposited in the United States mail if sent by mail or when received if sent by electronic mail, overnight delivery, or facsimile. Notice to directors may also be given by telegram.

Section 5.2. Waiver. Whenever any notice is required to be given under the provisions of the statutes or of the Certificate of Incorporation or of these Bylaws, a written waiver of such notice, signed by the person or persons entitled to said notice or waiver by electronic transmission by such person, whether before or after the time stated in such waiver, shall be deemed equivalent to notice.

ARTICLE 6

OFFICERS

Section 6.1. Election, Qualification. The officers of the Corporation shall be chosen by the board of directors and shall be a president and a secretary. The board of directors may also choose a chief executive officer, a chief operating officer, a chief financial officer, one or more vice presidents, a treasurer, one or more assistant secretaries and assistant treasurers and such other officers and agents as it shall deem necessary. Any number of offices may be held by the same person, unless the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws otherwise provide. The chief executive officer or, if there is no chief executive officer, the president or, if there is no chief executive officer or present, the highest ranking officer must be a citizen of the United States.

Section 6.2. Salary. The salaries of all officers and agents of the Corporation shall be fixed by the board of directors.

Section 6.3. Term, Removal. Each officer shall hold office until such officers successor is elected and qualified or until such officers earlier resignation or removal. Any officer elected or appointed by the board of directors may be removed at any time by the affirmative vote of a majority of the board of directors. Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation shall be filled by the board of directors.

Section 6.4. Resignation. Subject at all times to the right of removal as provided in Section 6.3 of this ARTICLE 6 and to the provisions of any employment agreement, any officer may resign at any time by giving notice to the board of directors, the chief executive officer, the president, or the secretary of the Corporation. Any such resignation shall take effect at the date of receipt of such notice or at any later date specified provided, that the chief executive officer or president or, in the event of the resignation of the chief executive officer or the president, the board of directors 

11

may designate an effective date for such resignation which is earlier than the date specified in such notice but which is not earlier than the date of receipt of such notice; and, unless otherwise specified in such notice, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.

Section 6.5. Vacancies. A vacancy in any office because of death, resignation, removal, or any other cause may be filled for the unexpired portion of the term in the manner prescribed in these Bylaws for election to such office.

Section 6.6. Chief Executive Officer. The chief executive officer, if there be such an officer, shall, subject to the provisions of these Bylaws and to the direction and supervision of the board of directors, (a) have general and active management of the affairs of the Corporation and have general supervision of its officers, agents and employees; (b) in the absence of the chairperson of the board, preside at all meetings of the stockholders and the board of directors; (c) have primary responsibility for the implementation of the policies adopted from time to time by the board of directors; and (d) perform those other duties incident to the office of chief executive officer and as from time to time may be assigned to him or her by the board of directors.

Section 6.7. President. The president shall, subject to the provisions of these bylaws and to the direction and supervision of the board of directors, perform all duties incident to the office of president and as from time to time may be assigned to him or her by the board of directors. At the request of the chief executive officer or in the absence of the chief executive officer, in the event of their inability or refusal to act, the president shall perform the duties of the chief executive officer, and when so acting shall have all the powers and be subject to all restrictions of the chief executive officer.

Section 6.8. Chief Operating Officer. The chief operating officer, if there be such an officer, shall, subject to the provisions of these Bylaws and to the direction and supervision of the board of directors and the chief executive officer, supervise the day to day operations of the Corporation and perform those other duties incident to the office of chief operating officer and as from time to time may be assigned to him or her by the board of directors or the chief executive officer.

Section 6.9. Chief Financial Officer. The chief financial officer, if there be such an officer, shall, subject to the provisions of these Bylaws and to the direction and supervision of the board of directors and the chief executive officer, manage the financial affairs of the Corporation and perform those other duties incident to the office of chief financial officer and as from time to time may be assigned to him or her by the board of directors or the chief executive officer. If there is no chief financial officer, these duties shall be performed by the treasurer or such other person designated by the board of directors to perform such duties.

Section 6.10. Vice Presidents. The vice president, if there be such an officer (or if there is more than one, then each vice president), shall perform such duties as from time to time may be assigned to him or her by the board of directors, the chief executive officer or the president. In the absence of the chief executive officer, the president and the chairman of the board or, in the event of their inability or refusal to act, the vice president, if there be such an officer (or in the event there be more than one vice president, the vice presidents in the order designated by the directors, 

12

or, in the absence of any designation, then in the order of their election), shall perform the duties of the president and, when so acting, shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the president. The vice presidents shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the board of directors may from time to time prescribe.

Section 6.11. Secretary. The secretary shall attend all meetings of the board of directors and all meetings of the stockholders and record all the proceedings of the meetings of the Corporation and of the board of directors in a book to be kept for that purpose and shall perform like duties for the standing committees when required. He shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the stockholders and special meetings of the board of directors, and shall perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the board of directors or president, under whose supervision he shall be. He shall have custody of the corporate seal of the Corporation and he, or an assistant secretary, shall have authority to affix the same to any instrument requiring it and when so affixed, it may be attested by his signature or by the signature of such assistant secretary. The board of directors may give general authority to any other officer to affix the seal of the Corporation and to attest the affixing by his signature.

Section 6.12. Assistant Secretary. The assistant secretary, or if there be more than one, the assistant secretaries in the order determined by the board of directors (or if there be no such determination, then in the order of their election) shall, in the absence of the secretary or in the event of his inability or refusal to act, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the secretary and shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the board of directors may from time to time prescribe.

Section 6.13. Treasurer. The treasurer, if there be such an officer, shall have the custody of the corporate funds and securities and shall keep full and accurate accounts of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the Corporation and shall deposit all moneys and other valuable effects in the name and to the credit of the Corporation in such depositories as may be designated by the board of directors. He shall disburse the funds of the Corporation as may be ordered by the board of directors, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements, and shall render to the president and the board of directors, at its regular meetings, or when the board of directors so requires, an account of all his transactions as treasurer and of the financial condition of the Corporation. If required by the board of directors, he shall give the Corporation a bond in such sum and with such surety or sureties as shall be satisfactory to the board of directors for the faithful performance of the duties of his office and for the restoration to the Corporation, in case of his death, resignation, retirement, or removal from office, of all books, papers, vouchers, money, and other property of whatever kind in his possession or under his control belonging to the Corporation. If there is not a treasurer of the Corporation, then the duties set forth above shall be discharged by the President or such other officer as shall be designated by the board of directors.

Section 6.14. Assistant Treasurer. The assistant treasurer, or if there shall be more than one, the assistant treasurers in the order determined by the board of directors (or if there be no such determination, then in the order of their election), shall, in the absence of the treasurer or in the event of his inability or refusal to act, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the treasurer and shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the board of directors may from time to time prescribe.

13

ARTICLE 7

INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS, 

OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AND AGENTS

Section 7.1. Third-Party Actions. The Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation) by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise, against all expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines, and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such action, suit, or proceeding if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit, or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, that such person had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful.

The Corporation may indemnify any employee or agent of the Corporation, or any employee or agent serving at the request of the Corporation as an employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise, in the manner and to the extent that it shall indemnify any director or officer under this Section.

Section 7.2. Derivative Actions. The Corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending, or completed action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director, officer, employee, or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee, or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise, against all expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, except that no indemnification shall be made with respect to any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable for negligence or misconduct in the performance of such persons duty to the Corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery of Delaware or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery of Delaware or such other court shall deem proper.

Section 7.3. Determination of Indemnification. Any indemnification under Section 7.1 or Section 7.2 of these Bylaws (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the Corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the director, officer, employee, or agent is proper in the circumstances because such person has met the applicable 

14

standard of conduct set forth in Section 7.1 or Section 7.2 of these Bylaws. Such determination shall be made (a) by the board of directors by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to such action, suit, or proceeding; or (b) if such a quorum is not obtainable, or, even if obtainable, a quorum of disinterested directors so directs, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion; or (c) by the stockholders.

Section 7.4. Right to Indemnification. Notwithstanding the other provisions of these Bylaws, to the extent that a director, officer, employee, or agent of the Corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit, or proceeding referred to in Section 7.1 or Section 7.2 of these Bylaws, or in defense of any claim, issue, or matter in any such claim or issue, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such defense.

Section 7.5. Advance of Expenses. Expenses incurred in defending a civil or criminal action, suit, or proceeding may be paid by the Corporation on behalf of a director, officer, employee, or agent in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit, or proceeding as authorized by the board of directors in the specific case upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the director, officer, employee, or agent to repay such amount unless it shall ultimately be determined that such person is entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized in this Article.

Section 7.6. Indemnification Not Exclusive. The indemnification provided by this Article shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which any person seeking indemnification may be entitled under any applicable law, provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise, both as to action in such persons official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office, and shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee, or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors, and administrators of such a person.

Section 7.7. Insurance. The Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee, or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee, or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of such persons status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against liability under the provisions of this Article.

Section 7.8. Successors and Assigns; Vested Rights. The provisions of this ARTICLE 7 and Article 11 of the Certificate of Incorporation shall be deemed to be a contract between the Corporation and each person who serves as such director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation in any such capacity at any time while this ARTICLE 7 or Article 11 of the Certificate of Incorporation are in effect, and the rights provided hereby and thereby shall be deemed to vest (or with respect to persons currently serving, to have vested) at the time each such person begins (or began) to serve in that capacity, and shall continue after each ceases to serve in that capacity and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors, administrators and personal representatives of such persons. No repeal or modification of the provisions of this ARTICLE 7 or Article 11 of the Certificate of Incorporation nor, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any modification 

15

of applicable law occurring after the time of the vesting of such rights as provided above, including after the act or omission that is the subject of the matter for which indemnification or advancement of expenses is sought, shall adversely affect any right or protection of a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation as set forth hereunder and thereunder.

Section 7.9. Definitions of Certain Terms. For purposes of this Article, references to the Corporation shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, employees, or agents, so that any person who is or was a director, officer, employee, or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee, or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this Article with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as such person would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued.

For purposes of this Article, references to other enterprises shall include employee benefit plans; references to fines shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; references to serving at the request of the Corporation shall include any service as a director, officer, employee, or agent of the Corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants, or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation as referred to in this Article.

ARTICLE 8

CERTIFICATES OF STOCK

Section 8.1. Certificates. The board of directors may provide, by resolution or resolutions, that some or all of any or all classes or series of its capital stock shall be uncertificated shares. Every holder of stock in the Corporation represented by certificates shall be entitled to have a certificate, signed by, or in the name of the Corporation by, the chairman or vice chairman of the board of directors, or the president or a vice president and the treasurer or an assistant treasurer, or the secretary or an assistant secretary of the Corporation, certifying the number of shares owned by him in the Corporation.

Section 8.2. Facsimile Signatures. Any of or all the signatures on the certificate may be facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent, or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent, or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if he were such officer, transfer agent, or registrar at the date of issue.

Section 8.3. Lost Certificates. The board of directors may direct a new certificate or certificates to be issued in place of any certificate or certificates previously issued by the Corporation alleged to have been lost, stolen, or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that 

16

fact by the person claiming the certificate of stock to be lost, stolen, or destroyed. When authorizing such issue of a new certificate or certificates, the board of directors may, in its discretion and as a condition precedent to the issuance of such new certificate or certificates, require the owner of such lost, stolen, or destroyed certificate or certificates, or his legal representative, to advertise the same in such manner as it shall require and/or to give the Corporation a bond in such sum as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against the Corporation with respect to the certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen, or destroyed.

Section 8.4. Transfers of Stock. In respect of certificated shares of capital stock, such shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be transferable only on the books of the Corporation by the holders thereof in person of by their duly authorized attorneys or legal representatives upon surrender and cancellation of certificates for a like number of shares. Upon surrender to the Corporation or the transfer agent of the Corporation of a certificate for shares duly endorsed or accompanied by proper evidence of succession, assignment, or authority to transfer, it shall be the duty of the Corporation to issue a new certificate to the person entitled to such certificate, cancel the old certificate and record the transaction upon its books. In respect of uncertificated shares of capital stock, such shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be transferable only on the books of the Corporation by the holders thereof in person or by their duly authorized attorneys or legal representatives upon the compliance with such rules and procedures as may be prescribed by the board of directors, the chairperson of the board, the chief executive officer, the president or such other officer as designated by the board of directors.

Section 8.5. Fixing Record Date. In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment of any meeting of stockholders, or to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion, or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the board of directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the date of such meeting, nor more than 60 days prior to any other action to which such record date relates. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, that the board of directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.

Section 8.6. Registered Stockholders. The Corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends, and to vote as such owner, a person registered on its books as the owner of shares, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice of such claim or interest, except as otherwise provided by the laws of Delaware.

ARTICLE 9

GENERAL PROVISIONS

Section 9.1. Dividends. Dividends upon the capital stock of the Corporation, subject to applicable law (if any), the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, may be declared by the board of directors at any regular or special meeting and may be paid in cash, in 

17

property, or in shares of the capital stock.

Section 9.2. Reserves. Before payment of any dividend, there may be set aside out of any funds of the Corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the directors from time to time, in their absolute discretion, think proper as a reserve or reserves to meet contingencies, or for equalizing dividends, or for repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation, or for such other purpose as the directors shall think conducive to the interest of the Corporation, and the directors may modify or abolish any such reserve in the manner in which it was created.

Section 9.3. Checks. All checks or demands for money and notes of the Corporation shall be signed by such officer or officers or such other person or persons as the board of directors may from time to time designate.

Section 9.4. Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the board of directors.

Section 9.5. Seal. The board of directors may adopt a corporate seal having inscribed on such seal the name of the Corporation, the year of its organization, and the words Corporate Seal, Delaware. The seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile of it to be impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise.

ARTICLE 10

AMENDMENTS

Section 10.1. Amendments. These Bylaws may be altered, amended, or repealed or new Bylaws may be adopted by the stockholders or a majority of the entire board of directors, at any meeting of the board of directors if notice of such alteration, amendment, repeal, or adoption of new Bylaws be contained in the notice of such meeting. All amendments made by stockholders must be approved as provided in the Certificate of Incorporation.

18
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>orn-20250320.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>EX-101.SCH
<TEXT>
00090 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>orn-20250320_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>EX-101.LAB
<TEXT>
Document and Entity Information [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Document Period End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Adress Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Central Index Key 

Amendment Flag 

Current Fiscal Year End Date
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>orn-20250320_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>EX-101.PRE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 20, 2025

Document and Entity Information [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 20, 2025

Entity File Number 1-33891

Entity Registrant Name ORION GROUP HOLDINGS, INC.

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 26-0097459

Entity Address, Address Line One 12000 Aerospace

Entity Address, Adress Line Two Suite 300

Entity Address, City or Town Houston

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 77034

City Area Code 713

Local Phone Number 852-6500

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, $0.01 par value per share

Trading Symbol ORN

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Central Index Key 0001402829

Amendment Flag false

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: orn_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract

Namespace Prefix: orn_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00090 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.oriongroupholdingsinc.com/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

orn-20250320.xsd 
orn-20250320_lab.xml 
orn-20250320_pre.xml 
orn-20250320x8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001402829-25-000008-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>orn-20250320x8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001402829 

2025-03-20 
2025-03-20 

0001402829 
false 
--12-31 
8-K 
2025-03-20 
ORION GROUP HOLDINGS, INC. 
DE 
1-33891 
26-0097459 
12000 Aerospace 
Suite 300 
Houston 
TX 
77034 
713 
852-6500 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, $0.01 par value per share 
ORN 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>