<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-002539.txt : 20250107
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-002539.hdr.sgml : 20250107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250107065958
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-002539
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250107
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LITHIUM AMERICAS CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001966983
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A1
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41788
		FILM NUMBER:		25513454

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3260 - 666 BURRARD STREET
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V6C 2X8
		BUSINESS PHONE:		1.604.862.0295

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3260 - 666 BURRARD STREET
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V6C 2X8

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	1397468 B.C. Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20230223
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d903962d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

00-00000000001966983false00019669832025-01-072025-01-07

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 7, 2025

LITHIUM AMERICAS CORP.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

British Columbia 001-41788 Not Applicable

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

3260 - 666 Burrard Street

Vancouver, British Columbia, CanadaV6C 2X8

(Address of principal executive offices, and Zip Code)

(778) 656-5820

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instructions A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of Each Exchange

on Which Registered

Common Shares, no par value per share LAC New York Stock Exchange

Toronto Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On January 6, 2025, Lithium Americas Corp. (the Company) appointed Brandin Luke Colton (Luke Colton) to serve as the Companys Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer to take effect January 29, 2025. In connection with his appointment, Mr. Colton will assume the role of the Companys principal accounting officer. Concurrently with Mr. Coltons appointment as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, April Hashimoto, the Companys Senior Vice President, Finance and Administration, who has been acting as the Companys interim Chief Financial Officer since November 25, 2024, will cease to be the Companys interim Chief Financial Officer and principal accounting officer and resume her role as the Companys Senior Vice President, Finance and Administration, to take effect January 28, 2025.

Mr. Colton, age 50, is a seasoned mining executive with significant financial, statutory, commercial and leadership experience spanning over two decades across multiple global jurisdictions. Most recently, Mr. Colton was CFO of Minova International from mid-2023 to late-2024, responsible for finance, treasury and taxation, and was an important member of Minovas senior leadership team. Previously, Mr. Colton spent over five years at Turquoise Hill Resources (THR) as the CFO, and was a director of Oyu Tolgoi, overseeing the development of a multi-billion-dollar copper open pit and underground mine in Mongolia and the privatization of THR by Rio Tinto. His previous experience includes CFO of Richards Bay Minerals, and he held progressively more senior roles at Rio Tinto including Manager Financial, Capital Accounting and Compliance for Rio Tinto Iron Ore; Principle, Valuations and Analysis for Rio Tinto Controllers; and Manager, Reporting and Control for Rio Tinto Energy America. Mr. Colton began his career at Ernst & Young and holds a Masters of Accountancy from Brigham Young University.

In connection with his appointment as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Colton entered into an employment agreement with the Company (the Employment Agreement) pursuant to which he is entitled to an annual base salary of US$400,000 (Base Salary). Mr. Colton will be eligible to receive annual short-term incentive compensation at a target rate of seventy-five percent (75%) of his Base Salary (the STI Bonus) and long-term incentive compensation at a target rate of seventy-five percent (75%) of his Base Salary.

In the event Mr. Coltons employment is terminated by the Company without cause, because of a Disability, or for Good Reason, each as defined in Mr. Coltons Employment Agreement, Mr. Colton will receive the following severance package: (a) 12 months (the Severance Period) of his Base Salary; (b) an amount equal to the STI Bonus he received for the year before termination; (c) accelerated vesting of any equity awards scheduled to vest during the Severance Period; and (d) continuation of benefits coverage during the Severance Period or reimbursement for replacement coverage (the Severance Package).

Further, if at any time there is a Change of Control during the employment agreement (as defined in the employment agreement), and within 12 months of such Change of Control: (a) Mr. Coltons employment is terminated without cause, or (b) Mr. Colton resigns for Good Reason (as defined in the employment agreement) after (A) providing LAC Management LLC (LACM) with written notice of the circumstances constituting Good Reason (B) LACM failing to remedy the circumstances constituting Good Reason, then Mr. Colton will be entitled to receive the Severance Package described above, except that the Severance Period will then be 24 months; and (C) all equity awards previously granted will vest immediately in accordance with the terms of the Companys equity incentive plan.

There are no family relationships, as defined in Item 401 of Regulation S-K, between Mr. Colton and any of the Companys executive officers or directors or persons nominated or chosen to become a director or executive officer. There are no transactions in which Mr. Colton has an interest requiring disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

The foregoing summary of the Employment Agreement does not purport to be a complete description of the Employment Agreement and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Employment Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit10.1 and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit 

Description

10.1 Employment Agreement by and between LAC Management LLC and Brandin Luke Colton dated as of January 29, 2025 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

LITHIUM AMERICAS CORP.

(Registrant)

Dated: January 7, 2025 By: 

/s/ Jonathan Evans

Jonathan Evans

Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d903962dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

THIS
AGREEMENT is dated effective as of January 29, 2025 (the Effective Date) 

BETWEEN 

LAC MANAGEMENT LLC., a Nevada Limited Liability Company (LACM), 

and 

BRANDIN LUKE COLTON,
an individual residing in the State of Colorado (the Executive), 

WHEREAS LACM wishes to offer the Executive employment in the
position of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, which the Executive wishes to accept, as further described herein. 

Throughout this
Agreement, there may be references to LITHIUM AMERICAS CORP. (Incorporation No. BC1397468), a British Columbia corporation (LAC) and the parent company of LACM. LACM and LAC may be collectively referenced as the
LAC Group. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, and other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged by the parties, the parties agree as follows: 

ARTICLE 1 

INTERPRETATION 

1.01 Definitions

In this Agreement, in addition to the terms defined above, the following definitions apply: 

Affiliate of any Person means, at the time the determination is being made, any other Person Controlling, Controlled by, or
under common Control with, that Person, whether directly or indirectly. 

Board means the board of directors of LAC. 

Business means the business of exploration, development, production and sales of lithium, lithium-based products and related
by-products and other minerals. 

Cause exists in the following circumstances:

(a) 

the Executive willfully refuses to perform the services to be performed by Executive in the ordinary course of
performance of Executives duties hereunder; 

(b) 

the Executive commits any breach of any of the terms of this Agreement or any other agreement between the
Executive and LACM, including the failure to perform any covenant contained in this Agreement such as the disclosure of or failure to protect the LAC Groups confidential, proprietary or trade secret information; 

(c) 

the Executive fails to diligently or effectively perform the Executives duties under any provision of
this Agreement or any duty as directed from time to time by LACM; 

(d) 

the Executive engages in an act or crime involving dishonesty, violence or moral turpitude, including, without
limitation, fraud, theft, embezzlement, assault, battery, rape, drunk driving, whether or not the Executive has been formally charged with or convicted or such act or crime; 

(e) 

the Executive fails, for reasons other than related to illness or disability, to follow any significant lawful
instruction from the Executives relevant supervisor, or President/Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of LACM or the Board; 

(f) 

the Executive engages in dishonesty, gross negligence, or willful misconduct in connection with his duties
under this Agreement; 

(g) 

the Executive commits any act that constitutes a breach of fiduciary duty or a breach of the duty of loyalty,
both of which the Executive acknowledges are due and owed to LACM based on, among other things, the Executives job duties; 

(h) 

the Executives engages in misappropriation or personal
(non-business-related) use of any of the assets or business opportunities of the LAC Group; 

(i) 

the Executive violates any lawful policy established by the LAC Group, including, without limitation, the
Compensation Recovery Policy (as defined herein), or any provision of the Code of Conduct or Executive handbook; or 

(j) 

the Executive engages in other misconduct of such a nature that the continued employment of the Executive may,
in LACMs discretion, reasonably be expected to adversely affect the business, assets, properties or reputation of the LAC Group. 

Change 

of Control means, with respect to LAC: 

(a) 

as a result of or in connection with the election of directors, greater than 50% of the people who were
directors (or who were entitled under a contractual arrangement to be directors) of LAC before the election cease to constitute a majority of the Board, unless the new directors have been nominated by management or approved of by a majority of the
previously serving directors; 

(b) 

any transaction at any time and by whatever means pursuant to which any Person (defined below) or any group of
two or more Persons acting jointly or in concert as a single control group or any affiliate (other than a wholly-owned subsidiary of the LAC or in connection with a reorganization of LAC), or any one or more directors thereof, hereafter
beneficially owns (as defined in the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia)) directly or indirectly, or acquires the right to exercise control or direction over, voting securities of LAC representing greater than 50% percent
of the then issued and outstanding voting securities of LAC, as the case may be, in any manner whatsoever; 

- 2 - 

(c) 

the occurrence of a transaction requiring approval of LACs shareholders whereby LAC is acquired through
consolidation, merger, exchange of securities involving all of LACs voting securities, purchase of assets, amalgamation, statutory arrangement or otherwise by any Person or any group of two or more Persons acting jointly or in concert (other
than a short-form amalgamation of LAC or an exchange of securities with a wholly-owned subsidiary of LAC or a reorganization of LAC); 

(d) 

any transaction or series of transactions which result in LACs securities no longer trading on the TSX,
NYSE, any successor thereto or equivalent securities exchange; or 

(e) 

any sale, lease, exchange, or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of LAC other than in
the ordinary course of business. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if required for compliance with Code Section 409A
for payments of deferred compensation, a LAC transaction that does not constitute a change in control event under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) shall not be considered a Change of Control for
purposes of this Agreement. 

Compete means to undertake, carry on, be engaged in, have any financial or other interest
in, provide any financial assistance to, guarantee the debts or obligations of, provide any consulting or advisory services to, permit its name or any part of its name to be used by, be employed by, be associated with, or be otherwise involved in,
the Business of a party that competes with the LAC Group, and competition has a comparable meaning. 

Confidential
Information means all information that the parties would reasonably expect to be treated as confidential and any derivative of that information relating to the Business, but does not include information that is or becomes publicly known
through no wrongful act of the recipient. For purposes of this Agreement, Confidential Information shall include, but is not limited to, any scientific or technical information, assays, samples, designs, processes, procedures, formulas,
financial information or data, business records, notes, memoranda, ideas, methods, business plans or models, techniques, systems or information systems, patents or patent applications, devices, computer programs or software, writings, reports,
research, customer or vendor lists or identities, and personnel information. 

Control means the direct or indirect power
to direct the management and policies, business, or affairs of a person whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise, and for a corporation, has the meaning given to that term in the Business Corporations Act
(British Columbia), and the terms Controlled and 

- 3 - 

Controlling have comparable meanings. 

Disability means the Executives inability, by reason of illness, disease, mental or physical condition or similar
cause as determined by a qualified medical practitioner, with or without reasonable accommodation, to fulfill the Executives essential duties, responsibilities and obligations under this Agreement. 

Geographic Area means the geographic area where LACM and LAC are actively engaged including but not limited to the states of
Nevada, California and Maine, the provinces of Ontario, Quebec and Manitoba, and the Northwest Territories. 

Good Reason
means: 

(a) 

the failure of LACM to pay any amount due to the Executive hereunder, which failure persists for 15 days after
LACM receives the Executives request for payment, 

(b) 

any material adverse change in the Executives 

(i) 

Base Salary, position and/or responsibilities implemented by LACM without the Executives consent;
provided, however, that Good Reason shall not include a Base Salary reduction of less than 10 percent that is a part of an across-the-board reduction applicable to
employees at the Executives level; or 

(ii) 

benefits (other than changes that affect other management executives of LACM to the same or a comparable
extent), or 

(c) 

LACMs material breach of this Agreement, which breach has not been cured by LACM as provided below.

Notwithstanding anything else contained herein, in the event of the occurrence of a condition listed above Executive must provide
written notice to LACM, specifying in reasonable detail the circumstances constituting Good Reason in the Executives view, within thirty (30) days of the occurrence of a condition listed above and allow LACM thirty
(30) days in which to cure such condition. Additionally, in the event LACM fails to cure the condition within the cure period provided, Executive must terminate employment with LACM within thirty (30) days of the end of the cure period.

Intellectual Property means all Intellectual Property Rights of the LAC Group and their subsidiaries arising in, from
or in connection with, and that are within the scope of, the Executives employment. 

Intellectual Property Rights
includes all 

(d) 

patents, trademarks, trade names, service marks and logos, websites and domain names, and copyrights,

- 4 - 

(e) 

schematics, industrial models, blueprints, drawings and designs, inventions, know how, trade secrets, computer
software programs, database rights, instruction manuals, formulae, processes, and other intangible proprietary information, and 

(f) 

applications and registrations of, and all rights to register, any of them worldwide. 

Notice means any notice, request, direction, or other document that a party can or must make or give under this Agreement.

Person includes any individual and any corporation, company, partnership, governmental authority, joint venture,
association, trust, or other entity. 

1.02 Headings 

The headings used in this Agreement and its division into articles, sections, schedules, exhibits, appendices, and other subdivisions do not affect its
interpretation. 

ARTICLE 2 

TERMS
OF EMPLOYMENT 

2.01 Employment of Executive 

LACM
employs the Executive and the Executive accepts his employment with LACM upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement. The Executive understands and agrees that his sole employment relationship is with LACM, that LACM is the Executives
employer, and that LACM is responsible for payment of the compensation that the Executive receives under this Agreement. 

2.02 Position and Duties

The Executive shall serve as LACMs and LACs Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, on a full-time basis, and, subject to
change, report to the President and Chief Executive Officer. The Executive will have such duties, authority, and responsibility as shall be commensurate with the position of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, as they may change
from time to time. 

2.03 Place of performance 

The
Executive will primarily work out of his residence in Aurora, Colorado, with frequent travel, domestically and internationally, in support of the LAC Groups operations and Executives duties with the LAC Group, until December of 2026, at
which time Executive will be required to relocate to Reno, NV, with primary work being based out of the Reno business office. Any business travel does not constitute Good Reason under this Agreement. Executive represents and warrants that Executive
holds a valid passport and agrees to maintain a current passport as a condition of continued employment. 

- 5 - 

2.04 Compliance with policies and procedures 

The Executive shall comply with LACMs lawful policies and procedures and all LAC policies applicable to LACM Executives, as they exist from time to time
(including any code of ethics or business conduct and any disclosure or insider trading policy). LACM and LAC reserve the right to modify their policies and procedures from time to time in their sole and exclusive discretion. 

2.05 Outside activities 

The Executive may serve on civic
or charitable boards or committees, and engage in charitable activities and community affairs, and with the prior written approval of LACM, may engage in paid work for a third party or render business services to a third party, provided that any
such activities do not materially interfere with the proper performance by the Executive of his duties and responsibilities under this Agreement. Requests by the Executive to serve on a public company board must be
pre-approved in writing by the Chief Executive Officer of LAC and the Board of Directors of LAC provided that an Executive must not serve on more than one public company board (apart from the LAC Group). The
Executive will not serve on any board of an entity whose business is competitive with, or which otherwise could reasonably be expected to conflict with, the LAC Group. 

ARTICLE 3 

COMPENSATION 

3.01 Base Salary 

LACM shall pay the Executive an annual
base salary (the Base Salary) of US$400,000 less applicable deductions and withholdings, on an incremental basis according to LACMs payroll practices. The Base Salary will be reviewed annually and may or may not change, in
the Boards sole discretion. The Base Salary is exclusive of and independent from the benefits described in Article 4 below. 

3.02 Short-Term
Incentive and Long-Term Incentive Compensation 

Subject to the LACs Incentive Compensation Recovery Policy (the Compensation Recovery
Policy), the Executive will be eligible for annual short-term incentive (STI) compensation (STI Bonus) and long-term incentive (LTI) compensation (LTI
Bonus) in recognition of achieving corporate milestones under LACs performance management program (the Program), as determined by LAC and approved by the Board on an annual basis, and as may be amended from time to
time in their sole discretion, as follows: 

(a) 

Short-Term Incentive. The Executive will be eligible for annual performance-based STI incentive
compensation valued at a target rate of 75% of the Executives Base Salary for the applicable performance year, comprised of a combination of cash and/or Restricted Share Units (RSUs) or other equity-based grants awarded
under the Program and LACs Equity Incentive plan (the Plan); and 

- 6 - 

(b) 

Long-Term Incentive. The Executive will also be eligible for annual discretionary LTI incentive
compensation at a target rate of 75% of the Executives Base Salary for the applicable performance year, in the form of RSUs and/or Performance Share Units (PSUs) or other equity-based grants awarded under the Plan.

The grant, exercise, expiration and all other terms of equity awards to the Executive shall be governed exclusively by the Plan and any
equity grant agreement between LAC and the Executive (the Grant Agreement). The Executives Target STI Bonus and Target LTI Bonuswill be reviewed periodically and may vary subject to the Boards recommendation
and approval. 

STI and LTI awards are not guaranteed and instead are dependent on the Executives and LACs actual performance each calendar
year in accordance with LACs compensation plan and the Program, subject at all times to Board and/or LACs approval. The Executives Target STI Bonus and Target LTI Bonus is not a guaranteed amount, and payments or equity awards, if
any, can range from 0-200% of the target in a given year. The Executive acknowledges that (i) the terms and criterion to determine STI and LTI awards may change each calendar year at the sole discretion
of LAC, with the approval of the Board; (ii) the Executive has no expectation of an STI or LTI payment or equity grant in any calendar year while employed by LACM or that such STI or LTI will be any particular amount or number;
(iii) the amount of the STI or LTI payment or equity grant, if any, that the Executive may be awarded may change from calendar year to calendar year based on performance by the Executive and LAC; (iv) any STI or LTI award paid or issued to
the Executive does not form part of the Executives regular wages; (v) the Compensation Recovery Policy may require the Executive to repay compensation received by the Executive pursuant to the Plan or Program to ensure good corporate
governance and compliance with applicable laws; and (vi) the Executive must be employed by LACM on the date the discretionary STI or LTI is actually paid or issued in order to receive it, unless otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Plan or
the Grant Agreement. The Executive will not be considered to be employed by LACM if the Executive has tendered notice of resignation or has been provided with notice of termination of employment, regardless of whether such termination is lawful or
unlawful. 

3.03 Equity Awards 

The Executive shall
receive a one-time grant of equity awards in the form of RSUs with a value of US$300,000 (equivalent to 75% of Executives Base Salary) based upon an award vesting schedule and subject to certain
conditions as follows: 

(a) 

The Executive shall be granted RSUs to acquire common shares in the capital of LAC, in accordance with
applicable regulations (the Initial RSUs). The quantity of Initial RSUs will be calculated based upon market price prior to the date of issuance, in accordance with the Plan at a value to achieve the total Initial RSU value of
US$300,000, with issuance to occur on a date acceptable to the LAC Group, acting reasonably, in any event within one month of the Effective Date. 

(b) 

The Initial RSUs will vest as follows provided that Executive is providing services to the Company on each
applicable date: 

- 7 - 

(i) 

1/3 shall vest at the expiration of 12 months after the date of grant (the Grant Date), and

(ii) 

1/3 shall vest at the expiration of 24 months after the Grant Date, and 

(iii) 

1/3 shall vest at the expiration of 36 months after the Grant Date. 

(c) 

The Initial RSUs shall be governed exclusively by the Plan, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement.

3.04 Relocation 

LACM will
reimburse up to US$100,000 (plus gross-up), in verifiable moving allowances effective in 2026, at the time of relocation to the Reno, NV area. The reimbursable moving allowance will be repayable to LACM if you
leave the company within twelve (12) months of the relocation date. 

3.05 Retirement Plan Eligibility 

The Executive will be eligible to participate in any retirement plan offered by LACM on the same terms and conditions (including the LACM-provided employer
contribution) applicable to other similarly situated US-based senior Executives. Retirement plans may be discontinued or amended from time to time in LACMs discretion. 

ARTICLE 4 

BENEFITS 

4.01 Paid Time Off 

The Executive will be entitled to
five (5) weeks of paid time off (PTO) each calendar year, in accordance with accrual rates and requirements specified by LACMs then-in effect PTO policy. 

4.02 Benefits 

The Executive will be eligible to
participate in the standard benefits package that LACM makes available generally to its other U.S.-based senior Executives from time to time, including healthcare, dental, vision, life insurance, accidental death & dismemberment and
disability coverage, subject to the terms and conditions of such insurance policies as may be amended from time to time. 

4.03 Directors and
officers insurance 

The Executive will be entitled to coverage under LACMs directors and officers insurance policy on a basis
that is no less favorable than the coverage provided to any other director or officer. The Executives entitlement to coverage and payments under any such plan is subject to the consent of the insurer and the terms of the applicable insurance
policy. 

- 8 - 

4.04 Defense and Indemnification 

In the event that the Executive is made a party or threatened to be made a party to any action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative,
or investigative (a Proceeding), other than any Proceeding initiated by the Executive or the LAC Group related to any contest or dispute between the Executive and the LAC Group or any of their affiliates with respect to this
Agreement or the Executives employment hereunder, by reason of the fact that the Executive is or was a director or officer of LAC, LACM, or any of their affiliates, or is or was serving at the request of LAC as a director, officer, member,
Executive, or agent of another corporation or a partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise, the Executive shall be defended and indemnified by the LAC Group to the fullest extent applicable to any other officer or director of the LAC
Group from and against any liabilities, costs, claims, and expenses, including all costs and expenses incurred in defense of any Proceeding (including attorneys fees). 

4.05 Business expenses 

LACM will promptly reimburse the
Executive for all reasonable and customary business expenses (including for all authorized travel, out-of-pocket expenses and office equipment, including Internet and
phone services) that the Executive incurs in performing his employment services and that are incurred and accounted for in accordance with LACMs policies and procedures. The Executive shall furnish any statements, receipts, invoices and other
documentation that LACM may reasonably require in order to process such reimbursements. 

4.06 Tax preparation assistance 

In the event that the Executives duties necessitate that the Executive file tax returns in any other country besides the United States of America, LACM
will provide the Executive with tax preparation assistance, up to US $10,000, on terms and conditions to be memorialized in a separate Tax Equalization Agreement. 

4.07 Health and wellness memberships 

The Executive will
be entitled to reimbursement for health and wellness-related memberships and fees for up to $1,500 per year, as stated in the LACMs Health and Wellness Policy. The Health and Wellness incentive may be discontinued or amended from time to time
in LACMs discretion. 

ARTICLE 5 

EXECUTIVES COVENANTS 

5.01 No
infringement of third parties rights 

In the performance of his duties for LACM, the Executive shall not 

(a) 

improperly bring to LAC Group, or use any, trade secrets, confidential information or other proprietary
information of any third party, or 

(b) 

infringe the Intellectual Property Rights of any third party. 

- 9 - 

5.02 Assignment of Intellectual Property 

The Executive assigns to LACM all rights, if any, in or to Intellectual Property that may accrue to the Executive during the term of this Agreement. In
addition, the Executive agrees, as a condition of employment, to execute LACMs standard Confidentiality and Invention Assignment Agreement. 

5.03
Waiver of moral rights 

The Executive irrevocably waives, in favor of LACM, all moral rights arising under applicable copyright legislation, or at
common law, to the full extent that those rights may be waived in each jurisdiction, that the Executive may have now or in the future with respect to the Intellectual Property. 

5.04 Obligation of confidentiality regarding Confidential Information 

The Executive acknowledges and agrees that during his or her employment, the Executive has been entrusted with and had access to Confidential Information, the
improper disclosure of which to any Person that directly or indirectly competes against the LAC Group or to the general public would be highly detrimental to the LAC Groups legitimate business interests. The Executive agrees, except as may be
compelled by applicable law or pursuant to a valid court order, to keep strictly confidential and not to directly or indirectly disclose by any means or methods whatsoever to any third person or business entity, all Confidential Information and/or
trade secrets of any LAC Group company except to the extent generally known to the public and in the public domain through no fault of the Executive. The Executive further agrees not to use the Confidential Information for any purpose that is not
related to the performance of his duties and responsibilities on behalf of the LAC Group. 

5.05 Use of Confidential Information 

The Executive shall use the Confidential Information solely in connection with the performance of the Executives duties and responsibilities. 

5.06 Required disclosure of Confidential Information 

Subject to Section 8.05, the Executive shall disclose Confidential Information to a third party if it is required to do so by law but only if before that
disclosure the Executive, to the extent permitted by law, 

(a) 

gives LACM and the Board notice to allow it a reasonable opportunity to either seek a protective order or other
appropriate remedy or to waive the Executives compliance with this section, 

(b) 

reasonably cooperate with LACM, at LACMs expense, in its best efforts to obtain a protective order or
other appropriate remedy, 

- 10 - 

(c) 

discloses only that portion of the Confidential Information that it is advised by written opinion of its
counsel, addressed to both parties, is legally required to be disclosed, and 

(d) 

uses reasonable efforts to obtain reliable written assurance from the third party that the Confidential
Information will be kept confidential. 

ARTICLE 6 

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS 

6.01 The LAC Group
Intellectual Property 

The Intellectual Property is the sole and exclusive property of the LAC Group. The Executive shall not assert any rights against
the LAC Group or its subsidiaries or any third party in connection with any Intellectual Property. 

6.02 Construction of terms 

The parties have each participated in settling the terms of this Agreement. Any rule of legal interpretation to the effect that any ambiguity is to be resolved
against the drafting party will not apply in interpreting this Agreement. 

6.03 Independent legal advice 

(a) 

Review of agreement. The Executive has had full opportunity to review this Agreement and fully
understands the terms of, and the nature and effect of its obligations under, this Agreement. 

(b) 

Obtained Independent Legal Advice. The Executive has had full opportunity to obtain independent legal
advice relating to this Agreement. 

ARTICLE 7 

TERMINATION 

7.01 Grounds for
termination 

The Executives employment may be terminated at any time only as follows: 

(a) 

Termination upon Death. The Executives employment terminates upon the Executives death.

(b) 

Termination by Company for Disability. LACM may terminate the Executives employment upon the
Executives Disability.

(c) 

Termination by Company for Cause. LACM may terminate the Executives employment for Cause.

- 11 - 

(d) 

Termination by Company without Cause. LACM may terminate the Executives employment at any time by
providing the Executive with written notice of such termination and the severance benefits set out in this Agreement. 

(e) 

Termination by Executive for Good Reason. The Executive may terminate the Executives employment
for Good Reason in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

(f) 

Termination by Executives Resignation. The Executive may voluntarily terminate the
Executives employment with LACM at any time by giving LACM eight weeks of prior written Notice of termination. LACM may waive this Notice period in whole or in part and opt to pay the Executives wages for the Notice period the Executive
has provided, without the Executive performing further services for LACM. The Executive understands and agrees that such a choice by LACM to accept the Executives resignation sooner and pay the Executives wages for the Notice period
shall not constitute termination of employment. 

7.02 Severance benefits 

If the Executives employment terminates because of Disability or without Cause or for Good Reason, the Executive will be entitled to the following
(subject to Section 7.06): 

(a) 

Salary. LACM shall provide the Executive with a lump sum payment equal to 12 months (the Severance
Period) of the Executives Base Salary. 

(b) 

Short-Term Incentive. As compensation for the STI Bonus the Executive would have earned through the
Severance Period, LACM will provide the Executive with a lump sum payment equal to the STI Bonus he received for the year prior to the calendar year in which the Executives employment terminates. 

(c) 

Equity Awards. Notwithstanding any provisions of the Plan or any related Grant Agreement to the
contrary, there will be accelerated vesting of any equity awards scheduled to vest during the Severance Period.Any equity awards previously granted to the Executive will otherwise continue to be governed by the terms of the Plan and any
applicable Grant Agreement. 

(d) 

Benefit Continuation. Continuation of benefits coverage for the Severance Period to the maximum extent
permitted under applicable plan terms. For benefits that cannot be continued for all or part of the Severance Period, LACM shall reimburse the Executive for replacement coverage. 

The Executive agrees that, upon receipt of the payments and benefits outlined above, the Executive shall not be entitled to any further payments or damages in
respect of notice of termination, severance or separation pay of any kind, whether under statute, contract or common law. 

These termination provisions
will continue to apply throughout the Executives employment with LACM notwithstanding any changes to the Executives compensation, title, duties, or responsibilities. 

- 12 - 

All severance benefits shall be subject to withholding for applicable employment and income taxes. 

7.03 Accrued entitlements 

If the Executives
employment terminates for or without Cause or due to the Executives resignation with or without Good Reason, Disability, or death, the Executive will be entitled to the following: 

(a) 

Salary. LACM shall pay the Executives Base Salary up to and including the date on which the
Executives employment terminates. 

(b) 

All accrued but unused PTO as of the termination date. 

(c) 

All unreimbursed proper business expenses incurred by the Executive as of the termination date.

(d) 

Short-Term Incentive. Subject to the terms of the Plan and any applicable Grant Agreement, LACM will
provide the Executive with any STI Bonus approved by the Board, but not yet paid or issued, for the year prior to the year in which the Executives employment terminates. 

7.04 Change of Control 

Subject to Section 7.06, if
at any time during the term of this Agreement there is a Change of Control, and within twelve (12) months of such Change of Control, 

(a) 

the Executives employment is terminated by LACM without Cause, or 

(b) 

the Executive resigns for Good Reason after (A) providing LACM with written notice of the circumstances
constituting Good Reason in accordance with this Agreement, and (B) LACM fails to timely remedy the circumstances constituting Good Reason, 

the Executive shall be entitled to receive the compensation and benefits set out in Section 7.02 on the same terms and conditions set out therein, except
that the Severance Period defined in Section 7.02(a) shall be 24 months rather than 12 months. 

Any equity awards issued to the Executive shall be
governed by the terms of the Plan and applicable Grant Agreement. 

All severance benefits shall be subject to withholding for applicable employment and
income taxes. 

Further, the severance benefits and other compensation outlined in Sections 7.02 and 7.04 are not cumulative, and the Executive will be
entitled to receive benefits and compensation (if applicable) under either Section 7.02 or 7.04but not both. 

- 13 - 

7.05 Effect of termination 

The Executive agrees that, upon termination of employment for any reason whatsoever, the Executive shall be deemed to have immediately resigned any position he
may have as an officer, director, or employee of the LAC Group or any of its affiliates or related entities. Except upon the Executives death, the Executive shall, at the request of the LAC Group, execute all documents appropriate to evidence
those resignations. The Executive shall not be entitled to any payments or damages in respect of these resignations in addition to those provided for herein. 

7.06 Release 

The Executive acknowledges and agrees that
the compensation provided under sections 7.02 and 7.04 is reasonable and shall be in full satisfaction of all terms of the cessation of the Executives employment, and the Executive shall have no other entitlement (including to anticipated
earnings or damages of any kind), whether under statute, contract, common law or otherwise. As a condition precedent to payment of any compensation under sections 7.02 and 7.04, the Executive agrees to execute before a witness and deliver to LACM a
separation agreement and general release of all claims against the LAC Group, their affiliates, subsidiaries and their directors, officers, employees, shareholders and agents, in a form reasonably satisfactory to LACM and within the timelines
specified by LACM. In accordance with the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, if applicable, the Executive will be provided an extended period of time to consider the terms of the release before signing, and no benefits shall be payable until the
consideration period and any revocation periods have passed. Except for the Accrued Entitlements in Section 7.03, no compensation will be due and payable to the Executive until after the LAC Group receives a fully executed original of such
separation agreement and general release, and any applicable revocation periods have expired. Except for the Accrued Entitlements, any compensation due under this Agreement shall be made on the 60th day following separation from service, provided
the release is effective on such date and any revocation periods have expired. Lump sum severance shall be paid no later than March 15 of the calendar year following the year in which Executives employment is terminated without Cause, or
for Good Reason, or due to a Disability, provided that the release described above is effective at such time. 

7.07 Section 280G 

(a) If any of the payments or benefits received or to be received by the Executive (including, without limitation, any payments or benefits
received in connection with a Change in Control including payments that could be made on the Executives termination of employment following a Change in Control, whether pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any other plan, arrangement, or
agreement, or otherwise) (all such payments collectively referred to herein as the 280G Payments) constitute parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and will be subject to the excise tax imposed
under Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax), the 280G Payments shall be either: (a) reduced (but not below zero) so that the present value of such total 280G Payments received by Executive will be one dollar ($1.00) less
than three (3) times Executives base amount (as defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) and so that no portion of such 280G Payments will be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, or
(b) paid in full, whichever of (a) or (b) produces the better net after tax position to Executive (taking into account any applicable excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code and any other applicable taxes). If a reduction in such
280G Payments is to be made pursuant to this section, the 280G Payments shall be reduced in the following order: (i) any portion of the cash severance payable hereunder that is not nonqualified deferred compensation for purposes of
Code Section 409A; (ii) any benefits continuation valued as parachute payments; (iii) any accelerated vesting of any equity awards; and (iv) any portion of the cash severance payable hereunder and any other cash amounts that are
nonqualified deferred compensation for purposes of Code Section 409A. 

- 14 - 

(b) All calculations and determinations under this Section 7.07 shall be made by an
independent accounting firm or independent tax counsel appointed by the Company (the Tax Counsel) whose determinations shall be conclusive and binding on the Company and the Executive for all purposes. For purposes of making the
calculations and determinations required by this Section 7.07, the Tax Counsel may rely on reasonable, good faith assumptions and approximations concerning the application of Section 280G and Section 4999 of the Code. The Company and
the Executive shall furnish the Tax Counsel with such information and documents as the Tax Counsel may reasonably request in order to make its determinations under this Section 7.07. The Company shall bear all costs the Tax Counsel may
reasonably incur in connection with its services. 

ARTICLE 8 

EXECUTIVES OBLIGATIONS FOLLOWING TERMINATION 

Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason, the Executive covenants with LACM as follows: 

8.01 Non-competition

During the term of this Agreement and for 12 months following termination of the Executives employment, the Executive shall not accept employment, from
any company or business entity that is engaged in the Business within the Geographic Area. This section shall not be construed so as to restrict the Executives right to accept employment with or to engage in any business that is not
competitive with the Business of LACM. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, this Section 8.01 shall not (i) apply following a termination of the Executives employment due to a resignation for Good Reason with respect to
which Section 7.04 applies, or (ii) prohibit the Executive from purchasing or owning less than five percent (5%) of the publicly traded securities of any corporation, providing that such ownership represents a passive investment and that
the Executive is not a controlling person of, or a member of a group that controls, such corporation. 

8.02
Non-solicitation of employees and suppliers 

During the Executives employment and for a period of 12
months after termination of the Executives employment for any reason, the Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, on the Executives own behalf or on behalf of any Person, recruit, solicit, persuade or otherwise induce or attempt to
recruit, solicit, persuade or induce any Person who is a Supplier or an employee of LACM to terminate their employment with LACM. 

- 15 - 

Supplier means a third party who has a contract with LACM to supply goods or services at the
date of termination of Executives employment or at any time during the 12-month period prior to the date of the termination of the Executives employment and at the time of the attempted or actual
recruitment, solicitation or inducement. 

8.03 Non-disparagement

Subject to Section 8.05, during the Executives employment and for a period of 12 months following the termination of this Agreement, the Executive
shall not make any statement criticizing the LAC Group or impairing the goodwill or reputation of the LAC Group, unless truthful and required by law. 

8.04 Extension/reasonableness of restrictive covenants 

The period of time applicable to the covenants not to compete and not to solicit will be extended by the duration of any violation by the Executive of such
covenants. In addition, the time periods applicable to the covenants not to compete and not to solicit will be extended by the duration of any period of time, after the termination of the Executives employment with LACM, that Executive is
retained as a consultant to LACM or an independent contractor by LACM (in any capacity). 

The Executive agrees that the restrictions of this Agreement are
reasonable (in scope, duration, and activity restricted), necessary, and supported by valuable consideration. The Executive further agrees that the restrictions of this Agreement will not prevent him from obtaining adequate and gainful employment
upon termination of his employment with the LACM (voluntary or involuntary). The Executive also agrees that this Agreement: (i) does not impose on the Executive any restraint that is greater than required for the protection of the LACM;
(ii) does not impose undue hardship on the Executive; and (iii) imposes restrictions that are appropriate in relation to the valuable consideration supporting the non-competition and non-solicitation covenants. 

The Executive acknowledges he has had a fair opportunity and time to independently consult
with legal counsel and has been advised or had reasonable opportunity to be advised in all respects concerning the reasonableness and propriety of this Agreement. The Executive understands that his covenants in this Agreement are independent
covenants, and the existence of any claim by the Executive against LACM under this or any other agreement or otherwise will not excuse the Executives breach of any covenant in this Agreement. 

8.05 Protected rights 

The Executive understands that
(a) the Executive will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in confidence to a United States federal, state, or local government official or to an
attorney solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, (b) the Executive will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is
made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal, and (c) an individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose
the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding if the individual files any document containing the trade secret under seal, and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to
court order. 

- 16 - 

In addition, nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to prohibit the Executive from exercising the
Executives legal rights with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, or any other federal, state or local agency charged with the enforcement of any law applicable to the LAC Group or participating in any investigation or proceeding
conducted by such agency. Similarly, nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit the Executive from engaging in activity protected by applicable law. Finally, with respect to sexual assault dispute or sexual harassment dispute, nothing in this
Agreement prohibits: (i) disclosure or discussion of conduct, the existence of a settlement involving conduct, or information covered by the terms and conditions of the contract or agreement; or (ii) negative statements about another party
that relates to the contract, agreement, claim or case. 

8.06 Return of property 

At the conclusion of employment, or at LACMs request during employment, the Executive shall promptly return to LACM any LAC Group property in the
Executives possession or control, including but not limited to any Confidential Information, assets, or any other documents or information, whether in physical or electronic form. 

ARTICLE 9 

RIGHTS AND REMEDIES

9.01 Survival 

Sections 5.03 (Waiver of moral
rights), 5.04 (Obligation of confidentiality regarding Confidential Information), 5.05 (Use of Confidential Information), 5.06 (Required disclosure of Confidential Information), 6.01 (Company Intellectual Property), 8.01 (Non-competition), 8.02 (Non-solicitation of suppliers and employees), 8.03 (Non-disparagement), 8.04 (Extension/reasonableness of
restrictive covenants), 11.08 (Governing law), and 11.09 (Submission to jurisdiction) and the Executives obligations pursuant to the Compensation Recovery Policy shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 

9.02 Severability 

The invalidity or unenforceability of
any particular term of this Agreement will not affect or limit the validity or enforceability of the remaining terms. If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be to be wholly or partially illegal, invalid, contrary to public policy or
unenforceable, the legality, validity, and enforceability of the remaining parts, terms, or provisions shall not be affected thereby, and said illegal, unenforceable, or invalid part, term, or provision shall be first amended to give it/them the
greatest effect allowed by law and to reflect the intent of the parties. If this modification is not possible under applicable law, such term shall be deemed not to be a part of this Agreement and the remainder of this Agreement shall remain in full
force and effect. 

- 17 - 

ARTICLE 10 

PRIVACY 

10.01 Personal information

The Executive acknowledges that the LAC Group may collect, use and/or disclose the Executives personal information where it is reasonable for
the purposes of establishing, managing or terminating the employment relationship, and in accordance with applicable privacy legislation and LAC Group policy. 

The Executive further acknowledges that, in the course of employment, the Executive may obtain or control the personal information of employees, contractors,
suppliers, customers, affiliates and other third parties. The Executive agrees to maintain and manage any such personal information in accordance with applicable LAC Group policy and legal requirements, and to immediately notify the LAC Group in the
event of any unauthorized collection, use or disclosure of personal information. 

ARTICLE 11 

GENERAL PROVISIONS 

11.01 Entire
agreement 

Except for any other agreements mentioned above, which are incorporated by reference, this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement
between the parties relating to its subject matter. This Agreement supersedes either previous discussions or agreements or both between the parties. There are no representations, covenants, or other terms other than those set forth in this
Agreement. 

11.02 Further assurances 

Each party
shall sign (or cause to be signed) all further documents, do (or cause to be done) all further acts, and provide all reasonable assurances as may be necessary or desirable to give effect to this Agreement. 

11.03 Amendment 

This Agreement may only be amended by a
written document signed by each of the parties. 

11.04 Binding effect 

This Agreement inures to the benefit of and binds the parties and their respective heirs, executors, administrators and other legally appointed
representatives, successors, and permitted assigns. 

- 18 - 

11.05 Assignment 

The Executive expressly agrees that this Agreementspecifically including the non-compete,non-solicitation and confidentiality provisionsmay be assigned by LACM to another LAC subsidiary, or affiliate of the LAC Group, or a
successor-in-interest to the LAC Groups business whether by name change, sale of assets, stock, merger or otherwise, and the Executive consents to any such
assignment. The assignment shall also automatically have the effect of adding the assignee as a party to this Agreement, including adding the assignee to all provisions that survive the termination of this Agreement and shall expand all such
surviving provisions (e.g., non-competition,non-disclosure and non-solicitation) accordingly.The Executive expressly
agrees that 5% of the Executives Base Salary is in consideration of the Executives consent to the right of the LAC Groups successors, affiliates, and assigns to enforce the provisions of this Section 11.05. 

For the avoidance of doubt, such an assignment does not constitute Termination without Cause, Good Reason for the Executives resignation, or a Change in
Control under this Agreement, and therefore, does not entitle the Executive to the severance benefits outlined in Sections 7.02 and 7.04. 

11.06 Notice

To be effective, a notice must be in writing and delivered (a) personally, either to the individual designated below for that party or to an
individual having apparent authority to accept deliveries on behalf of that individual at its address set out below, or (b) by registered mail, or (c) by electronic mail to the address or electronic mail address set out opposite the
partys name below or to any other address or electronic mail address for a party as that party from time to time designates to the other parties in the same manner: 

in the case of the Executive, to: 

Brandin Luke Colton 

in the case of LACM, to: 

LACM Corp. 

5310 Kietzke Lane,
Suite 200 

Reno, NV 89511 

USA 

Email:
HR@lithiumamericas.com 

- 19 - 

11.07 Code Section 409A 

For purposes of this Agreement, a termination of employment will be determined consistent with the rules relating to a separation from service as
defined in Section 409A of the Code and the regulations thereunder (Section 409A). Notwithstanding anything else provided herein, to the extent any payments provided under this Agreement in connection with
Executives termination of employment constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A, and Executive is deemed at the time of such termination of employment to be a specified employee under Section 409A, then such
payment shall not be made or commence until the earlier of (i) the expiration of the 6-month period measured from Executives separation from service from the LAC Group or (ii) the date of
Executives death following such a separation from service; provided, however, that such deferral shall only be effected to the extent required to avoid adverse tax treatment to Executive including, without limitation, the additional tax for
which Executive would otherwise be liable under Section 409A(a)(1)(B) in the absence of such a deferral. The first payment thereof will include a catch-up payment covering the amount that would have
otherwise been paid during the period between Executives termination of employment and the first payment date but for the application of this provision, and the balance of the installments (if any) will be payable in accordance with their
original schedule. To the extent that any provision of this Agreement is ambiguous as to its compliance with Section 409A, the provision will be read in such a manner so that all payments hereunder comply with Section 409A. To the extent
any payment under this Agreement may be classified as a short-term deferral within the meaning of Section 409A, such payment shall be deemed a short-term deferral, even if it may also qualify for an exemption from Section 409A
under another provision of Section 409A. Payments pursuant to this section are intended to constitute separate payments for purposes of Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the Treasury Regulations. Except as
otherwise expressly provided herein, to the extent any expense reimbursement or the provision of any in-kind benefit under this Agreement is determined to be subject to Section 409A of the Code, the
amount of any such expenses eligible for reimbursement, or the provision of any in-kind benefit, in one calendar year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement in any other taxable year (except
for any lifetime or other aggregate limitation applicable to medical expenses), in no event shall any expenses be reimbursed after the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Executive incurred such expenses, and in no
event shall any right to reimbursement or the provision of any in-kind benefit be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 

11.08 Governing law/venue 

The laws of the State of
Nevada shall govern this Agreement. Venue for any disputes under this Agreement shall be in Washoe County, Nevada. This venue provision is mandatory. 

11.09 Submission to jurisdiction 

The parties irrevocably
submit to personal jurisdiction in Nevada and Washoe County. 

11.10 Counterparts 

This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which is an original, and all of which taken together constitute one single document.
Counterparts may be transmitted by fax or in electronically scanned form. 

11.11 Remedies/attorneys fees 

The Executive acknowledges and agrees that monetary damages may not be a sufficient remedy for any breach by the Executive of the obligations set out in
Articles 5 and 8 of this Agreement, and that in addition to all other remedies available at law, LACM shall be entitled to seek injunctive or other equitable relief as a remedy for any such breach. If the Executive breaches this Agreement, LACM
shall be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys fees and costs incurred as a result of the breach and/or as a result of pursuing enforcement of this Agreement. 

This Agreement has been executed by the parties with effect as of the date first written above. 

- 20 - 

This Agreement has been executed by the parties with effect as of the date first written above. LAC MANAGEMENT LLC

By: /s/ Jonathan Evans

Name: Jonathan Evans

Title: President and Chief Executive

Officer

Witness Signature: /s/ Allyson Colton 

Name: Allyson Colton 

(Please print) 

Address: 

/s/ Brandin Luke Colton

Name: Brandin Luke Colton

- 21 -
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>lac-20250107.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>lac-20250107_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address Address Line 1 
Entity Address Address Line 1 

Entity Address City Or Town 
Entity Address City Or Town 

Entity Address State Or Province 
Entity Address State Or Province 

Entity Address Country 
Entity Address Country 

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Ex Transition Period 
Entity Ex Transition Period 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>lac-20250107_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 07, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 07, 2025

Entity Registrant Name LITHIUM AMERICAS CORP.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code A1

Entity File Number 001-41788

Entity Tax Identification Number 00-0000000

Entity Address Address Line 1 3260 - 666 Burrard Street

Entity Address City Or Town Vancouver

Entity Address State Or Province BC

Entity Address Country CA

Entity Address Postal Zip Code V6C 2X8

City Area Code 778

Local Phone Number 656-5820

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Shares, no par value per share

Trading Symbol LAC

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity Ex Transition Period false

Entity Central Index Key 0001966983

Amendment Flag false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.lithiumamericas.com//20250107/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d903962d8k.htm 
lac-20250107.xsd 
lac-20250107_lab.xml 
lac-20250107_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-002539-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>d903962d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001966983 

2025-01-07 
2025-01-07 

00-0000000 
0001966983 
false 
8-K 
2025-01-07 
LITHIUM AMERICAS CORP. 
A1 
001-41788 
3260 - 666 Burrard Street 
Vancouver 
BC 
CA 
V6C 2X8 
778 
656-5820 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Shares, no par value per share 
LAC 
NYSE 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>