<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-011526.txt : 20250211
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-011526.hdr.sgml : 20250211
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250211163723
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-011526
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250109
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250211
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250211

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			5&2 Studios, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001733443
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MOTION PICTURE & VIDEO TAPE PRODUCTION [7812]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				823246222
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56519
		FILM NUMBER:		25610381

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8291 BAUCUM ROAD
		CITY:			MIDLOTHIAN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76065
		BUSINESS PHONE:		833-924-6736

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8291 BAUCUM ROAD
		CITY:			MIDLOTHIAN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76065

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Chosen, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20221207

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Chosen, LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180305
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K/A
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm256070d1_8ka.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K/A
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000173344300017334432025-01-092025-01-09iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K/A

Amendment No. 1

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

January 9, 2025

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

5&2 Studios, Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Delaware 000-56519 82-3246222

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.) 

8291 Baucum Road

Midlothian, TX 76065

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: 833-924-6736

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Series B Common Stock

(Title of Class)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company x

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

EXPLANATORY NOTE

This Current Report on Form 8-K/A is being filed by 5&2 Studios, Inc. (the Company) to amend the Current Report on Form
8-K originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 15, 2025 (the Original 8-K) solely to correct
scriveners errors contained in the Original 8-K and the agreement filed as Exhibit 10.1 thereto with respect to the execution dates
of each of Brad Pelo and JD Larsens employment agreements. Mr. Pelo and Mr. Larsens employment agreements were executed
on January 9, 2025 and January 11, 2025, respectively. The Original 8-K had incorrectly listed the execution dates of Mr. Pelo and Mr.
Larsens employment agreements as January 9, 2024 and January 11, 2024, respectively, and Mr. Pelos employment agreement
filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Original 8-K had incorrectly listed the execution date of the agreement as January 9, 2024. This amendment
does not reflect events occurring after the filing of the Original 8-K and no other changes are being made to any other disclosure contained
in the Original 8-K.

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

The first sentence of the first paragraph of Item
5.02 of the Original 8-K under the heading President Employment Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety
to read as follows:

On January 9, 2025, 5&2 Studios, Inc. (the
Company) entered into a new employment agreement (the President Employment Agreement) with Brad Pelo, the
Companys President, which was made effective as of December 23, 2024 (the President Effective Date).

The first sentence of the first paragraph of Item
5.02 of the Original 8-K under the heading CFO Employment Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety
to read as follows:

On January 11, 2025, the Company entered into
a new employment agreement (the CFO Employment Agreement) with JD Larsen, the Companys CFO, which was made effective
as of January 1, 2025 (the CFO Effective Date).

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

The agreement previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 is hereby amended and restated in its entirety by the version attached hereto. The exhibit
table listed under Item 9.01(d) of the Original 8-K is hereby amended to read as follows:

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description 

10.1 Employment Agreement, dated January 9, 2025, by and between Brad Pelo and 5&2 Studios, Inc.*

10.2 Employment Agreement, dated January 11, 2025, by and between Jonathan Larsen and 5&2 Studios, Inc.*

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 

* Portions of this exhibit are redacted pursuant
to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish a copy of any redacted information and/or omitted schedules to
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission upon request.

- 2 -

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

Dated: February 11, 2025 5&2 STUDIOS, INC.

By: /s/ JD Larsen

Name: JD Larsen

Title: Chief Financial Officer

- 3 -
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm256070d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

This
Exhibit 10.1 includes certain identified information that has been redacted because it is both (i) not material and (ii) the
type of information that the registrant customarily and actually treats as private and confidential. Where information has been redacted,
it has been so indicated by a [***].

Employment Agreement

This Employment Agreement
(the "Agreement") is made and entered into as of January 9, 2025, by and between Brad Pelo (the "Executive")
and 5&2 Studios, Inc. a Delaware corporation (the "Company").

WHEREAS,
the Company desires to employ the Executive on the terms and conditions set forth herein; and

WHEREAS,
the Executive desires to be employed by the Company on such terms and conditions.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants, promises, and obligations set forth herein, the parties agree as follows:

1. Term.
The Executive's employment hereunder shall be effective as of December 23, 2024, (the "Effective Date") and
shall continue until terminated pursuant to Section 5 of this Agreement. The period during which the Executive is employed by the
Company hereunder is hereinafter referred to as the "Employment Term."

1.1 Notice
of Resignation/Retirement. Given Executives position within the Company, as defined below, and as a material inducement
to this Agreement, Executive agrees to provide Company with at least a twelve (12) month notice of any planned resignation or retirement.

2.Position and Duties.

2.1 Position.
During the Employment Term, the Executive shall serve as the President of the Company. In such position, the Executive shall have
such duties, authority, and responsibilities as shall be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors, (the Supervisor)
which duties, authority, and responsibilities are consistent with the Executive's position. The Executive shall, if requested, also serve
as an officer or director of any affiliate of the Company for no additional compensation.

2.2 Duties.
During the Employment Term, the Executive shall devote substantially all of the Executive's business time and attention to the performance
of the Executive's duties hereunder and will not engage in any other business, profession, or occupation for compensation or otherwise
which would conflict or interfere with the performance of such services either directly or indirectly without the prior written consent
of the Supervisor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive will be permitted to, with the prior written consent of the Supervisor,
in their sole discretion act or serve as a director, trustee, committee member, or principal of any type of business, civic, or charitable
organization that is not a competitor of the Company.

3. Place
of Performance. The principal place of Executive's employment shall be remote; however, the Executive may be required to travel
on Company business during the Employment Term.

4. Compensation.

4.1Base Salary. The Company shall pay the Executive an annual base salary of $750,000 USD in periodic installments in
accordance with the Company's customary payroll practices and applicable wage payment laws. The Executive's base salary can
discretionarily be reviewed from time-to-time, and Company may, but shall not be required to, increase the base salary during the
Employment Term. The Executive's annual base salary, as in effect from time to time, is hereinafter referred to as "Base
Salary".

4.2 Annual Bonus.

(a) For
each complete fiscal year of the Employment Term, the Executive may be eligible to receive an annual bonus (the "Annual Bonus")
of up to 100% of the then current Base Salary, based on the achievement of pre-determined business goals as determined by the Executive
Committee before the end of the first month of the new fiscal year, in accordance with the Companys policies on bonuses.

(b) The
Annual Bonus, if any, will be processed and paid through regularly scheduled payroll events in the Companys sole discretion, but
no later than two (2) months following the end of the fiscal year during the Employment Term in which the Annual Bonus was granted.

(c) Except
as otherwise provided in Section 5, (i) the Annual Bonus will be subject to the terms of the Companys annual bonus
plan under which it is granted and (ii) in order to be eligible to receive an Annual Bonus, the Executive must be employed by
the Company on the last day of the applicable fiscal year that Annual Bonuses are granted.

4.3 Employee
Benefits. During the Employment Term, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in all employee benefit plans, practices,
and programs maintained by the Company, as in effect from time to time and applicable to similarly situated employees of the Company
(collectively, "Employee Benefit Plans"). The Company reserves the right to amend or terminate any Employee Benefit
Plans at any time in its sole discretion, subject to the terms of such Employee Benefit Plan and applicable law.

4.4 Vacation;
Paid Time Off. During the Employment Term, the Executive shall be entitled to an unlimited number of paid vacation days per calendar
year in accordance with the Company's vacation policies, as in effect from time to time.

4.5 Indemnification.
In the event that the Executive is made a party or threatened to be made a party to any action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil,
criminal, administrative, or investigative (a "Proceeding"), other than any Proceeding initiated by the Executive or
the Company related to any contest or dispute between the Executive and the Company or any of its affiliates with respect to this Agreement
or the Executive's employment hereunder, by reason of the fact that the Executive is or was a director or officer of the Company, or any
affiliate of the Company, or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, member,
employee, or agent of another corporation or a partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise, the Executive shall be indemnified
and held harmless by the Company from and against any liabilities, fees, costs, claims, and expenses, including all costs and expenses
incurred in defense of any Proceeding (including attorneys' fees). Fees, costs and expenses incurred by Executive in defense of any such
Proceeding (including reasonable attorneys fees, costs and expenses) shall be paid by Company in advance of the final disposition
of such Proceeding upon receipt by Company of: (i) a written request for payment; (ii) reasonable documentation evidencing
the incurrence, amount and nature of the fees, costs and expenses for which payment is being sought; and (iii) an undertaking adequate
under applicable law made by or on behalf of Executive to repay the amounts so paid if it shall ultimately be determined that Executive
is not entitled to be indemnified by Company under this Section 4.5. This section 4.5 shall survive the termination of this Agreement
and be applicable to any suit made against the Executive during their employment, regardless of whether the Executive is still employed
at the time of any Proceeding.

5. Termination
of Employment. The Employment Term and the Executive's employment hereunder may be terminated by either the Company or the Executive
at any time and for any reason. On termination of the Executive's employment during the Employment Term, the Executive shall be entitled
to the compensation and benefits described in this Section 5 and shall have no further rights to any compensation or any other benefits
from the Company or any of its affiliates.

5.1 For Cause, or Without Good Reason.

(a) The
Executive's employment hereunder may be terminated by the Company for Cause or by the Executive without Good Reason. If the Executive's
employment is terminated by the Company for Cause, or by the Executive without Good Reason, the Executive shall be entitled to receive:

(i) any
accrued but unpaid Base Salary which shall be paid on the pay date immediately following the Termination Date (as defined below), or such
earlier date as may be required by law, in accordance with the Company's customary payroll procedures;

(ii) any
earned but unpaid Annual Bonus with respect to any completed fiscal year immediately preceding the Termination Date, which shall be paid
on the otherwise applicable payment date; provided that, if the Executive's employment is terminated by the Company for Cause, then any
such accrued but unpaid Annual Bonus shall be forfeited;

(iii) such
employee benefits, if any, to which the Executive may be entitled under the Company's employee benefit plans as of the Termination Date;
provided that, in no event shall the Executive be entitled to any payments in the nature of severance or termination payments except as
specifically provided herein.

Items 5.1(a)(i) through 5.1(a)(iii) are
referred to herein collectively as the "Accrued Amounts".

(b) For purposes of this Agreement, "Cause" shall mean:

(i) the
Executive's willful failure to perform Executive's duties other than any such failure resulting from incapacity due to physical or mental
illness;

(ii) the
Executive's willful failure to comply with any valid and legal directive of the Company, an employee of the Company executing the duties
of their role, Supervisor, or any other person or entity to whom the Executive reports;

(iii) the
Executive's engagement in dishonesty, illegal conduct, or gross misconduct;

(iv) the
Executive's embezzlement, misappropriation, or fraud, whether or not related to the Executive's employment with the Company;

(v) the
Executive's conviction of or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a crime that constitutes a felony (or state law equivalent) or a crime
that constitutes a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude, if such misdemeanor is work-related, materially impairs the Executive's ability
to perform services for the Company, or results in material, reputational or financial harm to the Company or its affiliates;

(vi) the
Executive's material violation of the Company's written policies or codes of conduct, including written policies related to discrimination,
harassment, performance of illegal or unethical activities, and ethical misconduct;

(vii) the
Executive's willful unauthorized disclosure of Confidential Information (as defined below);

(viii) the
Executive's material breach of any material obligation under this Agreement or any other written agreement between the Executive and the
Company; or

(ix) the
Executive's engagement in conduct that brings or is reasonably likely to bring the Company negative publicity or into public disgrace,
embarrassment, or disrepute.

For purposes of this
provision, no act or failure to act on the part of the Executive shall be considered "willful" unless it is done, or omitted
to be done, by the Executive in bad faith or without reasonable belief that the Executive's action or omission was in the best interests
of the Company. Any act, or failure to act, based on authority given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Board or on the advice
of counsel for the Company shall be conclusively presumed to be done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in good faith and in the
best interests of the Company.

(c) For
purposes of this Agreement, "Good Reason" shall mean the occurrence of any of the following, in each case during the
Employment Term without the Executive's written consent:

(i) a
material reduction of Executives authorities, duties and responsibilities;

(ii) a
material reduction in the Executive's Base Salary other than a general reduction in Base Salary that affects all similarly situated executives
in substantially the same proportions;

(iii) Executive
being required to work at a location more than twenty- five (25) miles from Executives then current work location, on a non-temporary
basis;

(iv) a material
diminution of Executives title or reporting as set forth herein;

(v) any material breach by the Company of any material provision of this Agreement or any material provision of any other written agreement between the Executive and the Company; or

(vi) the
Company's failure to obtain an agreement from any successor to the Company to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner
and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no succession had taken place, except where such assumption occurs
by operation of law;

The Executive
cannot terminate employment for Good Reason unless the Executive has provided written notice to the Company of the existence of the
circumstances providing grounds for termination for Good Reason within thirty (30) days of the initial existence of such grounds and
the Company has had at least thirty (30) days from the date on which such notice is provided to cure such circumstances. If the
Executive does not terminate employment for Good Reason within sixty (60) days after the first occurrence of the applicable grounds,
then the Executive will be deemed to have waived the right to terminate for Good Reason with respect to such grounds.

5.2 Without
Cause, or for Good Reason. The Employment Term and the Executive's employment hereunder may be terminated by the Executive for
Good Reason or by the Company without Cause. In the event of such termination, the Executive shall be entitled to receive the Accrued
Amounts and, subject to the Executive's compliance with Section 6, Section 7, Section 8, and Section 9 of this Agreement
and the Executive's execution of a release of claims in favor of the Company, its affiliates and their respective officers and directors
in a form provided by the Company (the "Release") and such Release becoming effective the day following the Termination Date (the "Release
Execution Period"), the Executive shall be entitled to receive the following:

(a) Continued
payment of Executives Base Salary for twelve (12) months following the date of termination (the Severance Period),
as if Executives employment had not so terminated, payable in accordance with the Companys regular payroll practices as
of Executives separation from service; provided that, if the Release Execution Period and any period to revoke the Release begins
in one taxable year and ends in another taxable year, payment shall not be made until the second taxable year;

(b) a
payment equal to the Annual Bonus, if any, that the Executive would have earned for the fiscal year in which the Termination Date occurs,
payable on the date that annual bonuses are paid to similarly situated executives, but in no event later than two (2) months following
the end of the fiscal year in which the Termination Date occurs;

(c) If
the Executive timely and properly elects health continuation coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985
("COBRA"), the Company shall reimburse the Executive for the monthly COBRA premium paid by the Executive for the Executive
and the Executive's dependents during the Severance Period or until the Executive becomes covered by a new health insurance plan from
another employer, whichever date is sooner. Such reimbursement shall be paid to the Executive on the first day of the month immediately
following the month in which the Executive timely remits the premium payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company's making payments
under this Section 5.2(c) would violate the nondiscrimination rules applicable to non-grandfathered plans under the Affordable
Care Act (the "ACA"), or result in the imposition of penalties under the ACA and the related regulations and guidance
promulgated thereunder), the parties agree to reform this Section 5.2(c) in a manner as is necessary to comply with the ACA.

5.3Death or Disability.

(a) The
Executive's employment hereunder shall terminate automatically on the Executive's death during the Employment Term, and the Company may
terminate the Executive's employment on account of the Executive's Disability.

(b) If
the Executive's employment is terminated during the Employment Term on account of the Executive's death or Disability, the Executive (or
the Executive's estate and/or beneficiaries, as the case may be) shall be entitled to receive the following:

(i) the Accrued Amounts; and

(ii) a
lump sum payment equal to the Annual Bonus, if any, that the Executive would have earned for the fiscal year in which the Termination
Date occurs based on the achievement of applicable performance goals for such year, which shall be payable on the date that annual bonuses
are paid to the Company's similarly situated executives, but in no event later than
two (2) months following the end of the fiscal year in which the Termination Date occurs.

Notwithstanding any other provision contained
herein, all payments made in connection with the Executive's Disability shall be provided in a manner which is consistent with federal
and state law.

(c) For
purposes of this Agreement, "Disability" shall mean the Executive's inability, due to physical or mental incapacity,
to perform the essential functions of the Executive's job, for ninety (90) consecutive days, or one hundred twenty (120) days out of any
three hundred sixty-five (365) day period; provided, however, in the event that the Company temporarily replaces the Executive, or transfers
the Executive's duties or responsibilities to another individual on account of the Executive's inability to perform such duties due to
a mental or physical incapacity which is, or is reasonably expected to become, a Disability, then the Executive's employment shall not
be deemed terminated by the Company and the Executive shall not be able to resign with Good Reason as a result thereof. Any question as
to the existence of the Executive's Disability as to which the Executive and the Company cannot agree shall be determined in writing by
a qualified independent physician selected by the Company and reasonably acceptable to the Executive. The determination of Disability
made in writing to the Company and the Executive shall be final and conclusive for all purposes of this Agreement.

5.4 Mitigation.
In no event shall the Executive be obligated to seek other employment or take any other action by way of mitigation of the amounts
payable to the Executive under any of the provisions of this Agreement, any amounts payable pursuant to this Section 5 shall not
be reduced by compensation the Executive earns on account of employment with another employer.

5.5 Resignation
of All Other Positions. On termination of the Executive's employment hereunder for any reason, the Executive agrees to resign,
effective on the Termination Date, from all positions that the Executive holds as an officer or member of the Board (or a committee thereof)
of the Company or any of its affiliates.

6. Cooperation.
The parties agree that certain matters in which the Executive will be involved during the Employment Term may necessitate the Executive's
cooperation in the future. Accordingly, following the termination of the Executive's employment for any reason, to the extent reasonably
requested by the Company or Supervisor, the Executive shall cooperate with the Company in connection with matters arising out of the Executive's
service to the Company; provided that, the Company shall make reasonable efforts to minimize disruption of the Executive's other activities.
The Company shall reimburse the Executive for reasonable expenses incurred in connection with such cooperation.

7. Confidential
Information. The Executive understands and acknowledges that during the Employment Term, the Executive will have access to and
learn about Confidential Information, as defined below.

7.1 Confidential Information Defined.

(a)Definition.

For purposes of this
Agreement, "Confidential Information" includes, but is not limited to, all information not generally known to the public,
in spoken, printed, electronic or any other form or medium, relating directly or indirectly to: business processes, practices, methods,
policies, plans, publications, documents, research, operations, services, strategies, techniques, agreements, contracts, terms of agreements,
transactions, potential transactions, negotiations, pending negotiations, know-how, trade secrets, computer programs, computer software,
applications, operating systems, software design, web design, work-in-process, databases, device configurations, embedded data, compilations,
metadata, technologies, manuals, records, articles, systems, material, sources of material, supplier information, vendor information,
financial information, results, accounting information, accounting records, legal information, marketing information, advertising information,
pricing information, credit information, design information, payroll information, staffing information, personnel information, employee
lists, supplier lists, vendor lists, developments, reports, internal controls, security procedures, graphics, drawings, sketches, market
studies, sales information, revenue, costs, formulae, notes, communications, algorithms, product plans, designs, styles, models, ideas,
audiovisual programs, inventions, unpublished patent applications, original works of authorship, discoveries, experimental processes,
experimental results, specifications, customer information, customer lists, client information, client lists, manufacturing information,
factory lists, distributor lists, and/or buyer lists of the Company or its businesses or any existing or prospective customer, supplier,
investor or other associated third party, or of any other person or entity that has entrusted information to the Company in confidence.

The Executive understands
that the above list is not exhaustive, and that Confidential Information also includes other information that is marked or otherwise identified
as confidential or proprietary, or that would otherwise appear to a reasonable person to be confidential or proprietary in the context
and circumstances in which the information is known or used.

The Executive understands
and agrees that Confidential Information includes information developed by Executive in the course of employment by the Company as if
the Company furnished the same Confidential Information to the Executive in the first instance. Confidential Information shall not include
information that is generally available to and known by the public at the time of disclosure to the Executive; provided that, such disclosure
is through no direct or indirect fault of the Executive or person(s) acting on the Executive's behalf.

(b) Disclosure and Use Restrictions.

The Executive agrees
and covenants: (i) to treat all Confidential Information as strictly confidential; (ii) not to directly or indirectly disclose,
publish, communicate, or make available Confidential Information, or allow it to be disclosed, published, communicated, or made available, in whole
or part, to any entity or person whatsoever (including other employees of the Company) not having a need to know and authority to know
and use the Confidential Information in connection with the business of the Company and, in any event, not to anyone outside of the direct
employ of the Company except as required in the performance of the Executive's authorized employment duties to the Company or with the
prior consent of Supervisor acting on behalf of the Company in each instance (and then, such disclosure shall be made only within the
limits and to the extent of such duties or consent or applicable NDA); and (iii) not to access or use any Confidential Information, and
not to copy any documents, records, files, media, or other resources containing any Confidential Information, or remove any such documents,
records, files, media, or other resources from the premises or control of the Company, except as required in the performance of the Executive's
authorized employment duties to the Company acting on behalf of the Company in each instance (and then, such disclosure shall be made
only within the limits and to the extent of such duties or consent).

(c)Permitted
Disclosures. Nothing herein shall be construed to prevent disclosure
of Confidential Information as may be required by applicable law or regulation, or pursuant to the valid order of a court of competent
jurisdiction or an authorized government agency, provided that the disclosure does not exceed the extent of disclosure required by such
law, regulation, or order.

(d)Permitted
Communications. Nothing herein prohibits or restricts the Executive (or
the Executive's attorney) from initiating communications directly with, responding to an inquiry from, or providing testimony before the
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), any other self- regulatory organization,
or any other federal or state regulatory authority.

8. Restrictive
Covenants.

8.1 Acknowledgement. The
Executive understands that the nature of the Executive's position gives the Executive access to and knowledge of Confidential
Information and places the Executive in a position of trust and confidence with the Company. The Executive understands and
acknowledges that the intellectual or artistic services the Executive provides to the Company are unique, special, or
extraordinary.

The Executive further
understands and acknowledges that the Company's ability to reserve these for the exclusive knowledge and use of the Company is of great
competitive importance and commercial value to the Company, and that improper use or disclosure by the Executive is likely to result in
unfair or unlawful competitive activity.

8.2 Non-Solicitation
of Employees. The Executive agrees and covenants not to directly or indirectly solicit, hire, recruit, attempt to hire or recruit,
or induce the termination of employment of any employee of the Company, or attempt to do so, for one (1) year, to run consecutively,
beginning on the last day of the Executive's employment with the Company.

9. Non-Disparagement.
The Executive agrees and covenants that the Executive will not at any time make, publish, or communicate to any person or entity or
in any public forum any defamatory or disparaging remarks, comments, or statements concerning the Company or its businesses, or any of
its employees, officers, and existing and prospective customers, suppliers, investors and other associated third parties.

This Section 9 does
not, in any way, restrict or impede the Executive from exercising protected rights to the extent that such rights cannot be waived by
agreement or from complying with any applicable law or regulation or a valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction or an authorized
government agency, provided that such compliance does not exceed that required by the law, regulation, or order.

The Company agrees and covenants
that it shall direct its senior executives to refrain from making any defamatory or disparaging remarks, comments, or statements concerning
the Executive to any third parties.

If the Executive takes any
actions that are contained within this Section 9, the Company will no longer be obligated to make any future payments that may otherwise
be conveyed by this Agreement.

10. Acknowledgement.
The Executive acknowledges and agrees that the services to be rendered by the Executive to the Company are of a special and unique
character; that the Executive will obtain knowledge and skill relevant to the Company's industry, methods of doing business and marketing
strategies by virtue of the Executive's employment; and that the restrictive covenants and other terms and conditions of this Agreement
are reasonable and reasonably necessary to protect the legitimate business interest of the Company.

The Executive further acknowledges
that the benefits provided to the Executive under this Agreement, including the amount of the Executive's compensation, reflects, in part,
the Executive's obligations and the Company's rights under Section 7, Section 8, and Section 9 of this Agreement; that
the Executive has no expectation of any additional compensation, royalties, or other payment of any kind not otherwise referenced herein
in connection herewith; and that the Executive will not suffer undue hardship by reason of full compliance with the terms and conditions
of Section 7, Section 8, and Section 9 of this Agreement or the Company's enforcement thereof.

11. Remedies.
In the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Executive of Section 7, Section 8, or Section 9 of this Agreement,
the Executive hereby consents and agrees that the Company shall be entitled to seek, in addition to other available remedies, a temporary
or permanent injunction or other equitable relief against such breach or threatened breach from any court of competent jurisdiction, and
that money damages would not afford an adequate remedy, without the necessity of showing any actual damages, and without the necessity
of posting any bond or other security. The aforementioned equitable relief shall be in addition to, not in lieu of, legal remedies, monetary
damages, or other available forms of relief.

12. Dispute Resolution.

12.1 The
parties hereto are Christians and believe that the Bible commands them to make every effort to live at peace and to resolve disputes
with each other in private or within the Christian church (see Matthew 18:15-20; 1 Corinthians 6:1-8). Therefore, the parties hereto
agree that any claim or dispute arising from or related to this Agreement shall be settled by biblically based mediation and, if necessary,
legally binding arbitration in accordance with the Rules of Procedure for Christian Conciliation of the Institute for Christian
Conciliation (the Rules), to be held in Dallas County, Texas. Subject to the primacy of applying such Rules, the
parties will make best efforts to select an arbitrator who has substantial experience in adjudicating and/or arbitrating disputes in
the motion picture and television industry. If the parties are not able to locate an arbitrator with such experience, the parties agree
that the arbitrator may (and should) select a Special Master at the parties shared expense with substantial experience in the
industry to advise the arbitrator. The parties further agree the matter shall be resolved by a single. The arbitrator shall decide all
issues and questions of whether a dispute or claim is subject to mediation and/or arbitration pursuant to the Rules and/or of the
arbitrability (including the existence, validity, and scope of the arbitration agreement) and/or jurisdiction of a dispute or claim,
pursuant to Rules 24 and 34. The arbitration award shall also provide for payment by the non-prevailing party to the prevailing
party of all fees and costs incurred in connection with said arbitration, as well as the reasonable outside attorneys fees and
costs incurred by the prevailing parties. Judgment upon any such arbitration decision or award may be entered in and enforced by any
court having jurisdiction thereof.

12.2 Each
party hereby irrevocably: (i) waives any objection which it may have as to determining the basis for jurisdiction in any claim,
action or proceedings arising as a result of this Agreement or related thereto, including any claim for which the tribunal set forth
above would be a forum non conveniens for the suit, action or proceedings; (ii) waives any right which it may have to initiate any
claim, action or proceedings arising as a result of this Agreement before a court in its own domicile; and (iii) agrees as follows:
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL: EACH PARTY HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY, AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVES THE RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY
WITH RESPECT TO ANY LITIGATION BASED HEREON, OR ARISING OUT OF, UNDER, THIS AGREEMENT; and (iv) agrees that a final judgment issued
in respect of such action, claim or process shall be conclusive and may be enforced by filing legal proceedings in any court in the jurisdiction
to which the applicable party and its assets are subject.

13. Proprietary Rights.

13.1 Work
Product. The Executive acknowledges and agrees that all right, title, and interest in and to all writings, works of authorship,
technology, inventions, discoveries, processes, techniques, methods, ideas, concepts, research, proposals, materials, and all other work
product of any nature whatsoever, that are created, prepared, produced, authored, edited, amended, conceived, or reduced to practice
by the Executive individually or jointly with others during the Employment Term and relate in any way to the business or contemplated
business, products, activities, research, or development of the Company or result from any work performed by the Executive for the Company
(in each case, regardless of when or where prepared or whose equipment or other resources is used in preparing the same), all rights
and claims related to the foregoing, and all printed, physical and electronic copies, and other tangible embodiments thereof (collectively,
"Work Product"), as well as any and all rights in and to US and foreign (a) patents, patent disclosures and inventions
(whether patentable or not), (b) trademarks, service marks, trade dress, trade names, logos, corporate names, and domain names,
and other similar designations of source or origin, together with the goodwill symbolized by any of the foregoing, (c) copyrights
and copyrightable works (including computer programs), and rights in data and databases, (d) trade secrets, know-how, and other
confidential information, and (e) all other intellectual property rights, in each case whether registered or unregistered and including
all registrations and applications for, and renewals and extensions of, such rights, all improvements thereto and all similar or equivalent
rights or forms of protection in any part of the world (collectively, "Intellectual Property Rights"), shall be the
sole and exclusive property of the Company.

For purposes of this
Agreement, Work Product includes, but is not limited to, Company information, including plans, publications, research, strategies, techniques,
agreements, documents, contracts, terms of agreements, negotiations, know-how, computer programs, computer applications, software design,
web design, work in process, databases, manuals, results, developments, reports, graphics, drawings, sketches, market studies, formulae,
notes, communications, algorithms, product plans, product designs, styles, models, audiovisual programs, inventions, unpublished patent
applications, original works of authorship, discoveries, experimental processes, experimental results, specifications, customer information,
client information, customer lists, client lists, manufacturing information, marketing information, advertising information, and/or sales
information.

13.2 Work
Made for Hire; Assignment. The Executive acknowledges that, by reason of being employed by the Company at the relevant times,
to the extent permitted by law, all of the Work Product consisting of copyrightable subject matter is "work made for hire" as
defined in 17 U.S.C. 101 and such copyrights are therefore owned by the Company. To the extent that the foregoing does not apply,
the Executive hereby irrevocably assigns to the Company, for no additional consideration, the Executive's entire right, title, and interest
in and to all Work Product and Intellectual Property Rights therein, including the right to sue, counterclaim, and recover for all past,
present, and future infringement, misappropriation, or dilution thereof, and all rights corresponding thereto throughout the world. Nothing
contained in this Agreement shall be construed to reduce or limit the Company's rights, title, or interest in any Work Product or Intellectual
Property Rights so as to be less in any respect than that the Company would have had in the absence of this Agreement.

13.3 Exit
Obligations. Upon (a) voluntary or involuntary termination of the Executive's employment or (b) the Company's request
at any time during the Executive's employment, the Executive shall (i) provide or return to the Company any and all Company documents
and materials belonging to the Company and stored in any fashion, including but not limited to those that constitute or contain any Confidential
Information or Work Product, that are in the possession or control of the Executive, whether they were provided to the Executive by the
Company or any of its business associates or created by the Executive in connection with the Executive's employment
by the Company; and (ii) delete or destroy all copies of any such documents and materials not returned to the Company that remain
in the Executive's possession or control, including those stored on any non-Company devices, networks, storage locations, and media in
the Executive's possession or control.

14. Governing
Law: Jurisdiction and Venue. This Agreement, for all purposes, shall be construed in accordance with the laws of Texas without
regard to conflicts of law principles. Any action or proceeding by either of the parties to enforce this Agreement shall be brought only
in a state or federal court located in the state of Texas, county of Dallas. The parties hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction
of such courts and waive the defense of inconvenient forum to the maintenance of any such action or proceeding in such venue.

15. Entire
Agreement. Unless specifically provided herein, this Agreement contains all of the understandings and representations between
the Executive and the Company pertaining to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements,
representations, and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to such subject matter. The parties mutually agree that the Agreement
can be specifically enforced in court and can be cited as evidence in legal proceedings alleging breach of the Agreement.

16. Modification
and Waiver. No provision of this Agreement may be amended or modified unless such amendment or modification is agreed to in writing
and signed by the Executive and a lawful agent of the Company that has the necessary authority to comply with the terms of this provision.

17. Severability.
Should any provision of this Agreement be held by a court of competent jurisdiction and an equivalent adjudicating forum to be enforceable
only if modified, or if any portion of this Agreement shall be held as unenforceable and thus stricken, such holding shall not affect
the validity of the remainder of this Agreement, the balance of which shall continue to be binding upon the parties with any such modification
to become a part hereof and treated as though originally set forth in this Agreement.

The parties further agree
that any such court or an equivalent adjudicating forum is expressly authorized to modify any such unenforceable provision of this Agreement
in lieu of severing such unenforceable provision from this Agreement in its entirety, whether by rewriting the offending provision, deleting
any or all of the offending provision, adding additional language to this Agreement, or by making such other modifications as it deems
warranted to carry out the intent and agreement of the parties as embodied herein to the maximum extent permitted by law.

The parties expressly agree
that this Agreement as so modified by the court or equivalent adjudicating forum shall be binding upon and enforceable against each of
them. In any event, should one or more of the provisions of this Agreement be held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect,
such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability shall not affect any other provisions hereof, and if such provision or provisions are
not modified as provided above, this Agreement shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provisions had not been
set forth herein.

18. Captions/Headings.
Captions and headings of the sections and paragraphs of this Agreement are intended solely for convenience and no provision of this
Agreement is to be construed by reference to the caption or heading of any section or paragraph.

19. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which taken together
shall constitute one and the same instrument.

20. Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement is personal to the Executive and shall not be assigned by the Executive. Any purported assignment
by the Executive shall be null and void from the initial date of the purported assignment. The Company may assign this Agreement to any
successor or assign (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the
business or assets of the Company. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the Company and permitted successors and assigns.

21. Notice.
Notices and all other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally or sent
by email, registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, or by overnight carrier to the parties at the addresses set forth below
(or such other addresses as specified by the parties by like notice):

If to the Company:

5&2 Studios, Inc. 

8291
Baucum Road

Midlothian,
TX 76065

If to the Executive:

Brad Pelo

[***]

[***]

22. Representations
of the Executive. The Executive represents and warrants to the Company that:

(a) The
Executive's acceptance of employment with the Company and the performance of duties hereunder will not conflict with or result in a violation
of, a breach of, or a default under any contract, agreement, or understanding to which the Executive is a party or is otherwise bound.

(b) The
Executive's acceptance of employment with the Company and the performance of duties hereunder will not violate any non-solicitation, non-competition,
or other similar covenant or agreement of a prior employer.

23. Withholding.
The Company shall have the right to withhold from any amount payable hereunder any Federal, state, and local taxes in order for the
Company to satisfy any withholding tax obligation it may have under any applicable law or regulation.

24. Survival.
Upon the expiration or other termination of this Agreement, the respective rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall survive
such expiration or other termination to the extent necessary to carry out the intentions of the parties under this Agreement.

25. Acknowledgement
of Full Understanding. THE EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE EXECUTIVE HAS FULLY READ, UNDERSTANDS AND VOLUNTARILY ENTERS
INTO THIS AGREEMENT. THE EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE EXECUTIVE HAS HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO ASK QUESTIONS AND CONSULT WITH
AN ATTORNEY OF THE EXECUTIVE'S CHOICE BEFORE SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.

BRAD PELO 5&2 STUDIOS, INC.

By: /s/
Brad Pelo By: /s/ Dallas Jenkins

December 24,
2024 

Name: Brad
D Pelo Name: Dallas Jenkins

Title: Chairman of 5&2 Studios
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tmb-20250109.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tmb-20250109_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tmb-20250109_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Jan. 09, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K/A

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 09, 2025

Entity File Number 000-56519

Entity Registrant Name 5&2 Studios, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001733443

Entity Tax Identification Number 82-3246222

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 8291 Baucum Road

Entity Address, City or Town Midlothian

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 76065

City Area Code 833

Local Phone Number 924-6736

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(g) Security Series B Common Stock

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(g) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection g

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12gTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
21 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://thechoseninc.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

tm256070d1_8ka.htm 
tmb-20250109.xsd 
tmb-20250109_lab.xml 
tmb-20250109_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-011526-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>tm256070d1_8ka_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001733443 

2025-01-09 
2025-01-09 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001733443 
8-K/A 
2025-01-09 
5&2 Studios, Inc. 
DE 
000-56519 
82-3246222 
8291 Baucum Road 
Midlothian 
TX 
76065 
833 
924-6736 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Series B Common Stock 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>