<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-001968.txt : 20250113
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-001968.hdr.sgml : 20250113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250113171534
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-001968
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		26
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250106
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Yoshiharu Global Co.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001898604
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING PLACES [5812]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41494
		FILM NUMBER:		25527069

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6940 BEACH BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE D-705
		CITY:			BUENA PARK
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90621
		BUSINESS PHONE:		213-272-1780

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6940 BEACH BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE D-705
		CITY:			BUENA PARK
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90621

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Yoshiharu Holdings Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20211210
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000189860400018986042025-01-062025-01-06iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 6, 2025

Yoshiharu
Global Co.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-41494 87-3941448

(State
or other Jurisdiction

of
Incorporation) 

(Commission

File
No.) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

6940
Beach Blvd., Suite D-705

Buena
Park, CA90621

(Address
of principal executive offices and zip code)

(714)694-2403

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

N/A

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Class
A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value YOSH 

The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

(Nasdaq
Capital Market)

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Agreement.

Equity
Line of Credit

On January 6, 2025, Yoshiharu Global Co. (the Company) entered into an equity purchase agreement
(the Purchase Agreement) with Crom Structured Opportunities Fund I, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Investor)
pursuant to which the Company shall have the right, but not the obligation, to sell to the Investor up to $10,000,000 (the ELOC
Shares) of the Companys Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (Class A Common Stock).

The
Company may request that the Investor purchase the ELOC Shares at any time during the commitment period commencing on January 6, 2025
(the Effective Date) and terminating on January 6, 2027. Each issuance and sale by the Company to the Investor under the
Purchase Agreement (an Advance) is to be effectuated by means of a written notice setting forth the ELOC Shares which the
Company intends to require the Investor to purchase (the Advance Notice), subject to a registration statement being
effective for an advance notice to be delivered. The ELOC Shares will be issued and sold to the Investor at a per share price equal
to 93% of the lowest volume weighted average price of the Class A Common Stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market (Nasdaq)
during the five trading days following the clearing date of the respective advance shares (the Initial Purchase Price).

Each
Advance is subject to a minimum amount not less than $25,000.00 (calculated using the Initial Purchase Price as defined in the Purchase
Agreement) and a maximum amount up to the lesser of: (i) $300,000.00 (calculated using the Initial Purchase Price as defined in
the Purchase Agreement) or (ii) 100% of the average of the daily volume traded of the Class A Common Stock on Nasdaq during the ten
trading days (excludes the single highest and lowest volume days for the period) immediately preceding the date of delivery of
the Advance Notice (the Advance Notice Date) multiplied by the lowest volume weighted average price of the Class A Common
Stock on Nasdaq during the ten trading days immediately preceding the Advance Notice Date.

The Advances are subject to certain
limitations, including that the Investor cannot purchase any ELOC Shares that would result in it beneficially owning more than 4.99%
of the Companys outstanding Class A Common Stock immediately after giving effect to the issuance of the ELOC Shares issuable pursuant
to an Advance Notice.

The Company has also agreed to pay the Investor a commitment fee equal to 31,948 shares of Class A Common
Stock (the Commitment Shares) in consideration for the Investors entry into the Purchase Agreement.

The Company
may terminate the Purchase Agreement at any time upon at least five trading days notice to the Investor, subject to certain limitations
described in the Purchase Agreement.

The Purchase Agreement also contains customary representations, warranties, indemnification
provisions and closing conditions. The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Purchase Agreement were made only for
purposes of the Purchase Agreement and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to such agreement and are subject
to certain important limitations.

The
foregoing is a summary description of certain terms of the Purchase Agreement. For a full description of all terms, please refer to the
copy of the Purchase Agreement that is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by
reference.

ELOC Registration Rights Agreement

In connection with the execution of the Purchase Agreement,
the Company and the Investor entered into a registration rights agreement (the ELOC Registration Rights Agreement), pursuant
to which the Company agreed to file, within 30 calendar days from the date of the Purchase Agreement, a registration statement covering
the resale of all of the shares of Class A Common Stock which the Investor may acquire (including the ELOC Shares and the Commitment
Shares). The Company has also agreed to have such registration statement declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC) within 90 days from January 6, 2025.

The
Company is required to have a registration statement covering the resale of shares of Class A Common Stock which the Investor may acquire
pursuant to the ELOC Registration Rights Agreement declared effective by the SEC before it can sell any shares of Class A Common
Stock to the Investor pursuant to the ELOC Registration Rights Agreement.

The foregoing
is a summary description of certain terms of the ELOC Registration Rights Agreement. For a full description of all terms, please refer
to the copy of the ELOC Registration Rights Agreement that is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is
incorporated herein by reference.

2

Convertible
Note Sale

On
January 6, 2024, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement) with the
Investor pursuant to which the Company issued and sold to the Investor a 10% OID promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of
$1,100,000 (the Note) for a purchase price of $1,000,000.

The
Company will pay a one-time interest charge on the principal amount of the Note at a rate of 5% when such amounts become due and payable.
The maturity date of the Note is January 6, 2026. Any outstanding principal or interest on the Note that is not paid when due will bear
interest at the rate of the lesser of: (i) 18% per annum and (ii) the maximum amount permitted by law from the due date thereof until
the same is paid. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, the Note will become immediately due and payable. In addition, upon an
event of default, the Company will be required to pay an amount equal to the principal amount then outstanding plus accrued interest
through the date of full repayment multiplied by 115%, plus applicable costs and fees. The Company may prepay the outstanding principal
amount and interest due under the Note subject to certain restrictions.

The
Investor has the right at any time (subject to certain ownership limitations) to convert all or any portion of the then outstanding and
unpaid principal amount of the Note into shares of Class A Common Stock (the Conversion Shares). The conversion price will
be equal to the lesser of: (i) $5.00 or (ii) 90% of the lowest dollar volume weighted average price on any trading day during the five
trading days immediately preceding the conversion date (the Conversion Price).

Pursuant
to the Note, the Company will, at all times, reserve from its authorized and unissued shares of Class A Common Stock a sufficient number
of shares to provide for the issuance of the Conversion Shares equal to the greater of: (i) 1,018,518 shares of Class A Common Stock
or (ii) the sum of: (a) the number of Conversion Shares issuable upon the full conversion of the Note (assuming no payment of the principal
amount or interest) at a conversion price equal to the Conversion Price multiplied by (b) 2.5.

If
at any time the Company receives cash proceeds from the issuance of securities pursuant to an equity line of credit (including the Purchase
Agreement), the Company must, within one business day, inform the Investor at which point the Investor has the right to require the Company
to immediately apply up to 30% of such proceeds to repay all or a portion of the outstanding principal amount and interest then due under
the Note. If the Company fails to adhere to this covenant then it will constitute an event of default under the Note.

The
Note is ranked as a senior unsecured obligation with priority over all existing and future unsecured indebtedness.

The
Securities Purchase Agreement and Note also contain customary representations, warranties, indemnification provisions and closing conditions.
The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Securities Purchase Agreement and Note were made only for purposes of
the Securities Purchase Agreement and Note and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to such agreement and
are subject to certain important limitations.

The
foregoing is a summary description of certain terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement and the Note. For a full description of all
terms, please refer to the copies of the Securities Purchase Agreement and the Note that are filed herewith as Exhibit 10.3 and Exhibit
10.4, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein by reference.

3

Note
Registration Rights Agreement

In
connection with the execution of the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company and the Investor entered into a registration rights agreement
(the Note Registration Rights Agreement), pursuant to which the Company agreed to file, within 30 calendar days from the
date of the Securities Purchase Agreement, a registration statement covering the resale of all of the Conversion Shares. The Company
has also agreed to have such registration statement declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission within 90 days from
January 6, 2025.

The
foregoing is a summary description of certain terms of the Purchase Agreement. For a full description of all terms, please refer to the
copy of the Purchase Agreement that is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.5 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by
reference

This
Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of any offer to buy the shares of common stock,
nor shall there be an offer, solicitation or sale of the shares of common stock in any state in which such offer, solicitation or sale
would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state.

Item
3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The
information set forth in Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement relating to the Purchase Agreement, the Securities
Purchase Agreement, and the Note are incorporated by reference herein in its entirety. The Company has issued the Note and the Commitment
Shares, and will issue the ELOC Shares and the Conversion Shares, pursuant to the exemption from the registration requirements of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), available under Section 4(a)(2) and/or Regulation D promulgated
thereunder and intends to issue any ELOC Shares or Conversion Shares pursuant to such exemption. The Holder is an accredited investor
as such term is defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit
No Exhibit

10.1 Equity Purchase Agreement, dated January 6, 2025, by and between Yoshiharu Global Co. and Crom Structured Opportunities Fund I, LP

10.2 ELOC Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 6, 2025, by and between Yoshiharu Global Co. and Crom Structured Opportunities Fund I, LP

10.3 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated January 6, 2025, by and between Yoshiharu Global Co. and Crom Structured Opportunities Fund I, LP

10.4 Promissory Note, dated January 6, 2025, issued by Yoshiharu Global Co. to Crom Structured Opportunities Fund I, LP

10.5 Note Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 6, 2025, by and between Yoshiharu Global Co. and Crom Structured Opportunities Fund I, LP

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

4

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date:
January 13, 2025

YOSHIHARU
GLOBAL CO. 

By: /s/
James Chae 

Name:
James
Chae 

Title:
Chief
Executive Officer 

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

EQUITY
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
equity purchase agreement is entered into as of January 6, 2025 (this Agreement), by and between Yoshiharu Global
Co., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Crom Structured Opportunities Fund I, LP, a Delaware limited partnership
(the Investor, and collectively with the Company, the Parties).

WHEREAS,
the Parties desire that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained herein, the Company shall issue and sell to the Investor,
from time to time as provided herein, and the Investor shall purchase up to Ten Million Dollars ($10,000,000.00) of the Companys
Common Stock (as defined below);

WHEREAS,
the offer and sale of the Common Stock issuable hereunder will be made in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act, and
the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or upon such other exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act
as may be available with respect to any or all of the transactions to be made hereunder.

NOW,
THEREFORE, the Parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I

CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS

Section
1.1 DEFINED TERMS. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings specified or indicated
(such meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined):

Advance
shall mean the right of the Company to require the Investor to purchase shares of Common Stock, subject to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement.

Advance
Date shall mean any Trading Day during the Commitment Period that an Advance Notice is deemed delivered pursuant to Section
2.2(b).

Advance
Notice shall mean a written notice, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, to Investor setting forth the Advance Shares
which the Company intends to require Investor to purchase pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

Advance
Shares shall mean all shares of Common Stock issued, or that the Company shall be entitled to issue, per any applicable Advance
Notice in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Agreement
shall have the meaning specified in the preamble hereof.

Average
Daily Trading Value shall mean the average trading volume of the Companys Common Stock on the Principal Market during
the ten (10) Trading Days immediately preceding the respective Advance Date (excluding the single highest volume Trading Day and the
single lowest volume Trading Day from such calculation) multiplied by the lowest volume weighted average price of the Companys
Common Stock on the Principal Market during the ten (10) Trading Days immediately preceding the respective Advance Date.

Bankruptcy
Law means Title 11, U.S. Code, or any similar federal or state law for the relief of debtors.

Claim
Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.3(a).

Clearing
Date shall be the date on which the Investor receives the Advance Shares in its brokerage account.

Closing
shall mean one of the closings of a purchase and sale of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 2.3.

Closing
Certificate shall mean the closing certificate of the Company in the form of Exhibit B hereto.

Closing
Date shall mean the date of any Closing hereunder.

Commitment
Period shall mean the period commencing on the Execution Date, and ending on the earlier of (i) the date on which the Investor
shall have purchased Advance Shares pursuant to this Agreement equal to the Maximum Commitment Amount, (ii) twenty-four (24) months after
the date of this Agreement, (iii) termination in accordance with Section 10.5, or (iv) the date that, pursuant to or within the meaning
of any Bankruptcy Law, the Company commences a voluntary case or any Person commences a proceeding against the Company, a Custodian is
appointed for the Company or for all or substantially all of its property or the Company makes a general assignment for the benefit of
its creditors; provided, however, that the provisions of Articles III, IV, V, VI, IX and the agreements and covenants of the Company
and the Investor set forth in Article X shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

Commitment
Shares shall mean the Initial Commitment Shares and True-Up Shares.

Common
Stock shall mean the Companys Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, and any shares of any other class
of common stock whether now or hereafter authorized, having the right to participate in the distribution of dividends (as and when declared)
and assets (upon liquidation of the Company).

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company
shall have the meaning specified in the preamble to this Agreement.

Custodian
means any receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator or similar official under any Bankruptcy Law.

Damages
shall mean any loss, claim, damage, liability, cost and expense (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and
disbursements and costs and expenses of expert witnesses and investigation).

Dispute
Period shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.3(a).

DTC
shall mean The Depository Trust Company, or any successor performing substantially the same function for the Company.

DTC/FAST
Program shall mean the DTCs Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program.

DWAC
shall mean Deposit Withdrawal at Custodian as defined by the DTC.

DWAC
Eligible shall mean that (a) the Common Stock is eligible at DTC for full services pursuant to DTCs Operational Arrangements,
including, without limitation, transfer through DTCs DWAC system, (b) the Company has been approved (without revocation) by the
DTCs underwriting department, (c) the Transfer Agent is approved as an agent in the DTC/FAST Program, (d) the Advance Shares are
otherwise eligible for delivery via DWAC, and (e) the Transfer Agent does not have a policy prohibiting or limiting delivery of the Advance
Shares, as applicable, via DWAC.

DWAC
Shares means shares of Common Stock that are (i) issued in electronic form, (ii) freely tradable and transferable and without
restriction on resale and (iii) timely credited by the Company to the Investors or its designees specified DWAC account
with DTC under the DTC/FAST Program, or any similar program hereafter adopted by DTC performing substantially the same function.

Exchange
Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Execution
Date shall mean the date of this Agreement.

Exercise
Shares shall mean the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants.

FINRA
shall mean the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.

Investment
Amount shall mean the Advance Shares referenced in the Advance Notice multiplied by the Purchase Price.

Investor
shall have the meaning specified in the preamble to this Agreement.

Investor
Costs shall mean all fees incurred by the Investor with respect to the Advance Shares, including but not limited to fees charged
by or paid to any brokerage firm (including but not limited to commissions and related trading expenses), any clearing firm, and Transfer
Agent fees, as well as attorney fees.

Indemnified
Party shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.2. Indemnifying Party shall have the meaning specified
in Section 9.2. Indemnity Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.3(e).

Initial
Purchase Price shall mean 93% of the volume weighted average price of the Companys Common Stock on the Principal Market
on the Trading Day immediately preceding the respective Put Date.

Initial
Commitment Shares shall mean 31,948 shares of Common Stock, subject to appropriate adjustment for any stock dividend, stock
split, stock combination, rights offerings, reclassification or similar transaction that proportionately decreases or increases the Common
Stock.

True-Up
Shares shall mean a number of shares of Common Stock equal to $100,000 divided by the Reference True-Up Price, minus the Initial
Commitment Shares, subject to appropriate adjustment for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, rights offerings, reclassification
or similar transaction that proportionately decreases or increases the Common Stock.

Lien
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Market
Price shall mean the lowest volume weighted average price of the Companys Common Stock on the Principal Market on any
Trading Day during the Pricing Period, as reported by Bloomberg or other reputable source designated by the Investor, subject to adjustment
as provided in this Agreement.

Material
Adverse Effect shall mean any effect on the business, operations, properties, or financial condition of the Company and the
Subsidiaries that is material and adverse to the Company and the Subsidiaries and/or any condition, circumstance, or situation that would
prohibit or otherwise materially interfere with the ability of the Company to enter into and perform its obligations under any Transaction
Document.

Maximum
Commitment Amount shall mean Ten Million Dollars ($10,000,000.00).

Person
shall mean an individual, a corporation, a partnership, an association, a trust or other entity or organization, including a government
or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof.

Pre-Funded
Warrants shall mean the common stock purchase warrants in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D, which may, from time to time,
be issued pursuant to this Agreement.

Principal
Market shall mean any of the national exchanges (i.e. NYSE, NYSE American, and Nasdaq) which is at the time the principal
trading platform for the Common Stock (excluding all OTC marketplaces).

Purchase
Price shall mean 93% of the Market Price on such date on which the Purchase Price is calculated in accordance with the terms
and conditions of this Agreement.

Reference
Price shall mean the average volume weighted average price of the Companys Common Stock on the Principal Market during
the five (5) Trading Days immediately preceding the date of this Agreement, subject to appropriate adjustment for any stock dividend,
stock split, stock combination, rights offerings, reclassification or similar transaction that proportionately decreases or increases
the Common Stock.

Reference
True-Up Date shall mean the date that is twenty (20) Trading Days immediately subsequent to the effective date of the
initial Registration Statement.

Reference
True-Up Price shall mean the closing bid price of the Companys Common Stock on the Principal Market on the Reference
True-Up Date, subject to appropriate adjustment for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, rights offerings, reclassification
or similar transaction that proportionately decreases or increases the Common Stock.

Registration
Rights Agreement shall mean that certain registration rights agreement entered into by the Company with the Investor on the
date hereof in connection with this Agreement.

Registration
Statement shall have the meaning specified in Section 6.4. Regulation D shall mean Regulation D promulgated
under the Securities Act.

Required
Minimum shall mean, as of any date, the maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock potentially issuable at such time
pursuant to the Transaction Documents, which shall be calculated on each such date as follows: the then remaining Maximum Commitment
Amount divided by the Initial Purchase Price on each such date, ignoring any beneficial ownership limitations set forth herein.

Rule
144 shall mean Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act.

SEC
shall mean the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. SEC Documents shall have the meaning specified
in Section 4.5.

Securities
means, collectively, the Advance Shares, Commitment Shares, Pre-Funded Warrants, and Exercise Shares.

Securities
Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Short
Sales shall mean all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (excluding
transactions properly marked short exempt).

Shareholder
Approval shall mean the approval of a sufficient amount of holders of the Companys Common Stock to satisfy the shareholder
approval requirements for such action as provided in Nasdaq Rule 5635(d), to effectuate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
including but not limited to the issuance of Common Stock under this Agreement, including but not limited to the Advance Shares, Commitment
Shares and Exercise Shares under the Pre-Funded Warrants, in excess of 50,000 shares of Common Stock (the Exchange Cap),
subject to appropriate adjustment for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, rights offerings, reclassification or similar
transaction that proportionately decreases or increases the Common Stock.

Subsidiary
means any Person the Company wholly owns or controls, or in which the Company, directly or indirectly, owns a majority of the voting
stock or similar voting interest, in each case that would be disclosable pursuant to Item 601(b)(21) of Regulation S-K promulgated under
the Securities Act.

Third
Party Claim shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.3(a).

Trading
Day shall mean a day on which the Principal Market shall be open for business.

Transaction
Documents shall mean this Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, Pre-Funded Warrants, and all exhibits hereto and thereto.

Transfer
Agent shall mean VStock Transfer LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 18 Lafayette Place,
Woodmere, NY 11598, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Transfer
Agent Instruction Letter means the letter from the Company to the Transfer Agent entered into on or around the date of this
Agreement that instructs the Transfer Agent to issue the Advance Shares, Commitment Shares, and Exercise Shares pursuant to the Transaction
Documents.

Pricing
Period shall mean the period of five (5) Trading Days immediately following the Clearing Date of the Advance Shares with respect
to the applicable Advance Notice.

Variation
Amount shall mean the highest volume weighted average price of the Common Stock on any Trading Day during the respective Pricing
Period minus the lowest volume weighted average price of the Common Stock on any Trading Day during the respective Pricing Period.

Variation
Percentage shall mean the product of (x) the Variation Amount during the respective Pricing Period divided by the highest
volume weighted average price of the Common Stock on any Trading Day during the respective Pricing Period and (y) 100.

ARTICLE
II

PURCHASE
AND SALE OF COMMON STOCK

Section
2.1 ADVANCES. Upon the terms and conditions set forth herein (including, without limitation, the provisions of Article VII), the
Company shall have the right, but not the obligation, to direct the Investor, by its delivery to the Investor of an Advance Notice from
time to time, to purchase Advance Shares (i) in a minimum amount not less than $25,000.00 (calculated using the Initial Purchase Price)
and (ii) in a maximum amount up to the lesser of (a) $300,000.00 (calculated using the Initial Purchase Price) or (b) 100% of the Average
Daily Trading Value.

Section
2.2 MECHANICS.

(a) ADVANCE
NOTICE.

(i) At
any time and from time to time during the Commitment Period, except as provided in this Agreement, the Company may deliver an Advance
Notice to Investor, subject to satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 7.2 and otherwise provided herein.

(ii) The
initial price per share identified in the respective Advance Notice shall be equal to the Initial Purchase Price, and shall only
be used for purposes of determining the number of shares of Common Stock that the Company can issue pursuant to a respective Advance
Notice in accordance with Section 2.1 of this Agreement (for the avoidance of doubt, the Initial Purchase Price shall not be used
for purposes of determining the actual price per share to be paid by the Investor to the Company with respect to an Advance Notice).

(iii) At
the end of the Pricing Period, the Purchase Price for the respective Advance Shares and Investment Amount shall be established as
further provided in this Agreement.

(iv) The
Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, the respective Advance Shares as DWAC Shares to the Investor on or before 2:00 p.m.
Eastern time, on the Advance Date.

(v) In
addition to any other rights available to the Investor, if the Company fails to cause the Companys transfer agent to deliver
to the Investor the respective Advance Shares in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, and if after such date the Investor
is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Investors brokerage firm otherwise
purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Investor of the respective Advance Shares which the
Investor anticipated receiving upon receipt of the respective Advance Notice (a Buy-In), then the Company shall pay
in cash to the Investor, within one (1) Business Day of Investors request, the amount, if any, by which (x) the Investors
total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product
of (1) the number of Advance Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Investor in connection with the respective Advance
Notice times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed. For example, if the Investor
purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to such Advance Shares with an aggregate
sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, the Company shall be required to pay $1,000 to the Investor. The Investor
shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Investor in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request
of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit an Investors right to pursue any other remedies
available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive
relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver Advance Shares as required pursuant to the terms hereof

(b)
DATE OF DELIVERY OF ADVANCE NOTICE. An Advance Notice shall be deemed delivered on (i) the Trading Day it is received by email
by the Investor if such notice is received on or prior to 10:00 a.m. Eastern time, or (ii) the immediately succeeding Trading Day if
it is received by email after 10:00 a.m. Eastern time on a Trading Day or at any time on a day which is not a Trading Day. The Company
shall not deliver an Advance Notice to the Investor during the period beginning on the Advance Date of the immediately preceding Advance
Notice and continuing through the end of the respective Pricing Period associated with the immediately preceding Advance Notice (the
Cooldown Period, provided, however, that if the Investor is the holder of any debt securities of the Company on the Advance
Date of the immediately preceding Advance Notice, then the Cooldown Period shall instead continue through the date that is three (3)
Trading Days after the end of the respective Pricing Period associated with the immediately preceding Advance Notice), unless (i) the
Investor is not the holder of any debt securities of the Company on the Advance Date of the immediately preceding Advance Notice and
(ii) the trading volume of the Companys Common Stock on the Principal Market on any single Trading Day during the Cooldown Period
exceeds 500% of the number of Advance Shares specified in the immediately preceding Advance Notice (each a Volume Event).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Advance Notice that may be delivered due to a Volume Event cannot have the same Advance Date as any
other Advance Notice.

Section
2.3 CLOSINGS. On the Advance Date, the Purchase Price for the respective Advance Shares shall be established as provided in this
Agreement. If the value of the Advance Shares delivered to the Investor causes the Company to exceed the Maximum Commitment Amount, then
immediately after the Pricing Period the Investor shall return to the Company the surplus amount of Advance Shares associated with such
Advance and the Purchase Price with respect to such Advance shall be reduced by any Investor Costs related to the return of such Advance
Shares. The Closing of an Advance shall occur within one (1) Trading Day following the end of the Pricing Period for the respective Advance,
whereby the. The Investor shall deliver to the Company (i) the Investment Amount by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an
account designated by the Company and (ii) a copy of a settlement notice signed by the Investor, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
E (each a Settlement Notice).

Section
2.4 PRINCIPAL MARKET REGULATION. The Company shall not effect any issuances or sales of the Advance Shares under this Agreement
above the Exchange Cap and the Investor shall not have the obligation to purchase Advance Shares under this Agreement above the Exchange
Cap until the Shareholder Approval has been obtained by the Company and is in effect. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the
contrary, the Company shall not use the available Common Stock under the Exchange Cap for any purpose other than for the issuance of
the Commitment Shares and Exercise Shares to the Buyer pursuant to the Transaction Documents.

ARTICLE
III

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF INVESTOR

The
Investor represents and warrants to the Company that:

Section
3.1 INTENT. The Investor is entering into this Agreement for its own account and the Investor has no present arrangement (whether
or not legally binding) at any time to sell the Securities to or through any Person in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable
state securities laws; provided, however, that the Investor reserves the right to dispose of the Securities at any time
in accordance with federal and state securities laws applicable to such disposition.

Section
3.2 NO LEGAL ADVICE FROM THE COMPANY. The Investor acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement with its own legal counsel and investment and tax advisors. The Investor is relying solely
on such counsel and advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its representatives or agents for
legal, tax or investment advice with respect to this investment, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the securities laws
of any jurisdiction.

Section
3.3 ACCREDITED INVESTOR. The Investor is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(3) of Regulation D, and the Investor
has such experience in business and financial matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Securities.
The Investor acknowledges that an investment in the Securities is speculative and involves a high degree of risk.

Section
3.4 AUTHORITY. The Investor has the requisite power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution and delivery of
this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have
been duly authorized by all necessary action and no further consent or authorization of the Investor is required. Each Transaction Document
to which it is a party has been duly executed by the Investor, and when delivered by the Investor in accordance with the terms hereof,
will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Investor enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies
or by other equitable principles of general application.

Section
3.5 NOT AN AFFILIATE. The Investor is not an officer, director or affiliate (as that term is defined in Rule 405
of the Securities Act) of the Company.

Section
3.6 ORGANIZATION AND STANDING. The Investor is an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing under
the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company or
similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents.

Section
3.7 ABSENCE OF CONFLICTS. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and compliance with the requirements hereof and thereof, will not (a) violate any
law, rule, regulation, order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree or award binding on the Investor, (b) violate any provision of any indenture,
instrument or agreement to which the Investor is a party or is subject, or by which the Investor or any of its assets is bound, or conflict
with or constitute a material default thereunder, (c) result in the creation or imposition of any lien pursuant to the terms of any such
indenture, instrument or agreement, or constitute a breach of any fiduciary duty owed by the Investor to any third party, or (d) require
the approval of any third-party (that has not been obtained) pursuant to any material contract, instrument, agreement, relationship or
legal obligation to which the Investor is subject or to which any of its assets, operations or management may be subject.

Section
3.8 DISCLOSURE; ACCESS TO INFORMATION. The Investor had an opportunity to review copies of the SEC Documents filed on behalf of
the Company and has had access to all publicly available information with respect to the Company.

Section
3.9 MANNER OF SALE. At no time was the Investor presented with or solicited by or through any leaflet, public
promotional meeting, television advertisement or any other form of general solicitation or advertising.

Section
3.10 TRADING ACTIVITIES. The Investors trading activities with respect to the Common Stock shall be in
compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws, rules and regulations and the rules and regulations of the
Principal Market. Neither the Investor, nor any affiliate of the Investor, will execute any Short Sales during the period from the
date hereof to the end of the Commitment Period. For the purposes hereof, and in accordance with Regulation SHO, the sale after
delivery of a Put Notice of such number of shares of Common Stock reasonably expected to be purchased under a Put Notice shall not
be deemed a Short Sale.

ARTICLE
IV

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

The
Company represents and warrants to the Investor that:

Section
4.1 ORGANIZATION OF THE COMPANY. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the
requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of
incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to
conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the
business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in
good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and no proceeding
has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and
authority or qualification.

Section
4.2 AUTHORITY. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under
this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents
by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all
necessary corporate action and no further consent or authorization of the Company or its Board of Directors or stockholders is
required. Each of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and
constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as
such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the
enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application.

Section
4.3 CAPITALIZATION. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, the Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently
filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Companys
stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys employee stock purchase plans
and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic
report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right
to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents and except as
a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls
or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable
for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire any shares of Common Stock, or contracts, commitments, understandings
or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock
Equivalents. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities
to any Person (other than the Investor) and will not result in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion,
exchange or reset price under any of such securities. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements
with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among
any of the Companys stockholders.

Section
4.4 LISTING AND MAINTENANCE REQUIREMENTS. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act,
and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration
of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the SEC is contemplating terminating such
registration. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, the Company has not, in the twelve (12) months preceding the date hereof, received
notice from the Principal Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance
with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Principal Market. The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not
in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements.

Section
4.5 SEC DOCUMENTS; DISCLOSURE. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to
be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the
one (1) year preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material)
(the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred
to herein as the SEC Documents) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has
filed any such SEC Documents prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied
in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and other federal laws, rules
and regulations applicable to such SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents when filed contained any untrue statement of a material
fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents
comply as to form and substance in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations
of the SEC or other applicable rules and regulations with respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (except (a) as may be otherwise
indicated in such financial statements or the notes thereto or (b) in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may
not include footnotes or may be condensed or summary statements) and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of
the Company as of the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of
unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments). Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of
the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf
has provided the Investor or its agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public
information. The Company understands and confirms that the Investor will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions
in securities of the Company.

Section
4.6 VALID ISSUANCES. The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction
Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other
than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents.

Section
4.7 NO CONFLICTS. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by the Company
and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including, without limitation, the issuance
of the Securities, do not and will not: (a) result in a violation of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles
of incorporation, by-laws or other organizational or charter documents, (b) conflict with, or constitute a material default (or an event
that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a material default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the
properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation
of, any agreement, indenture, instrument or any lock-up or similar provision of any underwriting or similar agreement to
which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party, or (c) result in a violation of any federal, state or local law, rule, regulation, order,
judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws and regulations) applicable to the Company or any Subsidiary or by which
any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected (except for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments,
accelerations, cancellations and violations as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect) nor is the
Company otherwise in violation of, conflict with or in default under any of the foregoing. The business of the Company is not being conducted
in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental entity, except for possible violations that either singly or in
the aggregate do not and will not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company is not required under federal, state or local law, rule
or regulation to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court or governmental agency
in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents (other
than any SEC, FINRA or state securities filings that may be required to be made by the Company subsequent to any Closing or any registration
statement that may be filed pursuant hereto); provided that, for purposes of the representation made in this sentence, the Company is
assuming and relying upon the accuracy of the relevant representations and agreements of Investor herein.

Section
4.8 NO MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE. No event has occurred that would have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company that
has not been disclosed in subsequent SEC Documents.

Section
4.9 LITIGATION AND OTHER PROCEEDINGS. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, there are no actions, suits,
investigations, inquiries or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company,
any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties, nor has the Company received any written or oral notice of any such action,
suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation, which would have a Material Adverse Effect. No judgment, order, writ, injunction or
decree or award has been issued by or, to the knowledge of the Company, requested of any court, arbitrator or governmental agency
which would have a Material Adverse Effect. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or
contemplated, any investigation by the SEC involving the Company, any Subsidiary or any current or former director or officer of the
Company or any Subsidiary.

Section
4.10 REGISTRATION RIGHTS. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents and as granted to Investor, no Person (other than
the Investor) has any right to cause the Company to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the
Company or any Subsidiary.

Section
4.11 NO SOLICITATION; NO BROKERS. The Company has taken no action which would give rise to any claim by any person for
brokerage commissions, transaction fees or similar payments relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. The
Company represents and warrants that neither the Investor nor its employee(s), member(s), beneficial owner(s), or partner(s)
solicited the Company to enter into this Agreement and consummate the transactions described in this Agreement. The Company
represents and warrants that the Investor is not required to be registered as a broker-dealer under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 in order to (i) enter into or consummate the transactions encompassed by the Transaction Documents, (ii) fulfill the
Investors obligations under the Transaction Documents, or (iii) exercise any of the Investors rights under the
Transaction Documents (including but not limited to the sale of the Securities).

ARTICLE
V

COVENANTS
OF INVESTOR

Section
5.1 COMPLIANCE WITH LAW; TRADING IN SECURITIES. The Investors trading activities with respect to shares of
Common Stock will be in compliance with all applicable state and federal securities laws and regulations and the rules and
regulations of FINRA and the Principal Market.

ARTICLE
VI

COVENANTS
OF THE COMPANY

Section
6.1 RESERVATION OF COMMON STOCK. The Company shall maintain a reserve from its duly authorized shares of Common Stock
equal to the Required Minimum in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

Section
6.2 LISTING OF COMMON STOCK. The Company shall promptly secure the listing of all of the Securities to be issued to
the Investor hereunder on the Principal Market (subject to official notice of issuance) and shall maintain the listing of all such
Securities from time to time issuable hereunder. The Company shall maintain the listing and trading of the Common Stock on the
Principal Market (including, without limitation, maintaining sufficient net tangible assets) and will comply in all respects with
the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Principal Market.

Section
6.3 OTHER EQUITY LINES AND TRANSACTIONS. So long as this Agreement remains in effect, the Company covenants and agrees
that it will not, without the prior written consent of the Investor, enter into any other Equity Line of Credit (as defined below)
with any other party. Equity Line of Credit shall mean any transaction involving a written agreement between the
Company and an investor or underwriter whereby the Company has the right to put its securities to the investor or
underwriter over an agreed period of time and at an agreed price or price formula.

Section
6.4 FILING OF CURRENT REPORT AND REGISTRATION STATEMENT. The Company agrees that it shall file a Current Report on
Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto, with the SEC within the time required by the Exchange Act,
relating to the transactions contemplated by, and describing the material terms and conditions of, the Transaction Documents (the
Current Report).

Section
6.5 NO BROKER-DEALER ACKNOWLEDGEMENT. Absent a final adjudication from a court of competent jurisdiction stating
otherwise, the Company shall not to any person, institution, governmental or other entity, state, claim, allege, or in any way
assert, that Investor is currently, or ever has been, a broker-dealer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

ARTICLE
VII

CONDITIONS
TO DELIVERY OF

ADVANCE
NOTICES AND CONDITIONS TO CLOSING

Section
7.1 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY TO ISSUE AND SELL ADVANCE SHARES. In addition to the other provisions of
this Agreement, the right of the Company to issue and sell the Advance Shares to the Investor is subject to the satisfaction of each
of the conditions set forth below:

(a)
ACCURACY OF INVESTORS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The representations and warranties of the Investor shall be true and
correct in all material respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the date of each Closing as though made at each such time.

(b)
PERFORMANCE BY INVESTOR. Investor shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all respects with all covenants, agreements and
conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Investor at or prior to such Closing.

Section
7.2 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE OBLIGATION OF INVESTOR TO PURCHASE ADVANCE SHARES. The obligation of the Investor hereunder to
purchase Advance Shares is subject to the satisfaction of each of the following conditions:

(a)
EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT. The Registration Statement, and any amendment or supplement thereto, shall remain effective
for the resale by the Investor of the Advance Shares, Commitment Shares (to the extent earned by Investor at such time pursuant to
the terms of this Agreement), and Exercise Shares underlying all Pre-Funded Warrants earned by Investor at such time pursuant to the
terms of this Agreement, at prevailing market prices (and not fixed prices) and (i) neither the Company nor the Investor shall have
received notice that the SEC has issued or intends to issue a stop order with respect to such Registration Statement or that the SEC
otherwise has suspended or withdrawn the effectiveness of such Registration Statement, either temporarily or permanently, or intends
or has threatened to do so and (ii) no other suspension of the use of, or withdrawal of the effectiveness of, such Registration
Statement or related prospectus shall exist.

(b)
ACCURACY OF THE COMPANYS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and
correct in all material respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the date of each Closing (except for representations and
warranties specifically made as of a particular date).

(c)
PERFORMANCE BY THE COMPANY. The Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants,
agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company, including but not limited
to the delivery of the Advance Shares as provided in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement.

(d)
NO INJUNCTION. No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated
or adopted by any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction that prohibits or directly and materially adversely affects
any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, and no proceeding shall have been commenced that may have the effect
of prohibiting or materially adversely affecting any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(e)
ADVERSE CHANGES. Since the date of filing of the Companys most recent SEC Document, no event that had or is reasonably likely
to have a Material Adverse Effect has occurred.

(f)
NO SUSPENSION OF TRADING IN OR DELISTING OF COMMON STOCK. The trading of the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the SEC,
the Principal Market or FINRA, or otherwise halted for any reason, and the Common Stock shall have been approved for listing on and shall
not have been delisted from the Principal Market. In the event of a suspension, delisting, or halting for any reason, of the trading
of the Common Stock, as contemplated by this Section 7.2(f), the Investor shall have the right to return to the Company any remaining
amount of Advance Shares associated with such Advance, and the Purchase Price with respect to such Advance shall be reduced accordingly.

(g)
BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP LIMITATION. The number of Advance Shares then to be purchased by the Investor shall not exceed the number of
such shares that, when aggregated with all other shares of Common Stock then owned by the Investor beneficially or deemed beneficially
owned by the Investor, would result in the Investor owning more than the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below), as determined
in accordance with Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 7.2(g), in
the event that the amount of Common Stock outstanding, as determined in accordance with Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the regulations
promulgated thereunder, is greater on a Closing Date than on the date upon which the Advance Notice associated with such Closing Date
is given, the amount of Common Stock outstanding on such Closing Date shall govern for purposes of determining whether the Investor,
when aggregating all purchases of Common Stock made pursuant to this Agreement, would own more than the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
following such Closing Date. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the Common
Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to an Advance Notice.

(h)
[Intentionally Omitted].

(i)
NO KNOWLEDGE. The Company shall have no knowledge of any event more likely than not to have the effect of causing the Registration
Statement to be suspended or otherwise ineffective (which event is more likely than not to occur within the five (5) Trading Days following
the Trading Day on which such Advance Notice is deemed delivered).

(j)
NO VIOLATION OF SHAREHOLDER APPROVAL REQUIREMENT. For Advance Shares issuable above the Exchange Cap, the Shareholder Approval has
been obtained by the Company.

(k)
OFFICERS CERTIFICATE. On the date of delivery of each Advance Notice, the Investor shall have received the Closing Certificate
executed by an executive officer of the Company and to the effect that all the conditions to such Closing shall have been satisfied as
of the date of each such certificate.

(
) DWAC ELIGIBLE. The Common Stock must be DWAC Eligible and not subject to a DTC chill.

(a)
SEC DOCUMENTS. All reports, schedules, registrations, forms, statements, information and other documents required to have been filed
by the Company with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act shall have been filed with the SEC within the
applicable time periods prescribed for such filings under the Exchange Act.

(b)
RESERVE. The Company shall have reserved the Required Minimum for the Investors benefit under this Agreement, the Company
shall have satisfied the reserve requirements with respect to all other contracts between the Company and Investor, and the Transfer
Agent Instruction Letter shall have been executed by the Company and the Transfer Agent.

(c)
MINIMUM PRICING. The lowest traded price of the Common Stock in the ten (10) Trading Days immediately preceding the respective Advance
Date must exceed $0.10 per share.

(d)
BANKRUPTCY. Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings, voluntary or involuntary, for
relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall not be instituted by or against the Company or any subsidiary
of the Company (the Bankruptcy Proceedings), and the Company shall have no knowledge of any event more likely than not
to have the effect of causing Bankruptcy Proceedings to arise. In the event of Bankruptcy Proceedings as contemplated by this Section
7.2(p), the Investor shall have the right to return to the Company any remaining amount of Advance Shares associated with such Advance,
and the Purchase Price with respect to such Advance shall be reduced accordingly.

ARTICLE
VIII 

LEGENDS

Section
8.1 NO RESTRICTIVE STOCK LEGEND. No restrictive stock legend shall be placed on the share certificates representing the Advance
Shares.

Section
8.2 INVESTORS COMPLIANCE. Nothing in this Article VIII shall affect in any way the Investors obligations hereunder
to comply with all applicable securities laws upon the resale of the Common Stock.

ARTICLE
IX

NOTICES;
INDEMNIFICATION

Section
9.1 NOTICES. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall
be in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (a) personally served, (b) deposited in the mail, registered or certified,
return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (c) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (d) transmitted by
hand delivery, telegram, or email as a PDF, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified
most recently by written notice given in accordance herewith. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder
shall be deemed effective (i) upon hand delivery or delivery by email at the address designated below (if delivered on a business day
during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other
than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received) or (ii) on the second business day following
the date of mailing by express courier service or on the fifth business day after deposited in the mail, in each case, fully prepaid,
addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur.

The
addresses for such communications shall be:

If
to the Company:

Yoshiharu
Global Co.

6940
Beach Blvd., Suite D-705

Buena
Park, CA 90621

Email:
jchae@yoshiharuramen.com

Attention:
James Chae

With
a copy to:

Pryor
Cashman LLP

7
Times Square

40th
Floor

New
York, New York 10036

Email:
Mogurick@pryorcashman.com

Attention:
Matthew Ogurick, Esq.

If
to the Investor:

Crom
Structured Opportunities Fund I, LP

228
Park Ave S PMB 57033

New
York, NY 10003-1502

Email:
john@crom-llc.com and liam@crom-llc.com

Either
party hereto may from time to time change its address or email for notices under this Section 9.1 by giving at least ten (10) days
prior written notice of such changed address to the other party hereto.

Section
9.2 INDEMNIFICATION. Each party (an Indemnifying Party) agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the
other party along with its officers, directors, employees, and authorized agents, and each Person or entity, if any, who controls
such party within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (an Indemnified
Party) from and against any Damages, joint or several, and any action in respect thereof to which the Indemnified Party
becomes subject to, resulting from, arising out of or relating to (i) any material misrepresentation, material breach of a
representation or warranty or nonfulfillment of or failure to perform any material covenant or material agreement on the part of the
Indemnifying Party contained in this Agreement, (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained
in the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereof or supplement thereto, or the omission or alleged omission
therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, (iii) any
untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any preliminary prospectus or contained in the final
prospectus (as amended or supplemented, if the Company files any amendment thereof or supplement thereto with the SEC) or the
omission or alleged omission to state therein any material fact necessary to make the statements made therein, in the light of the
circumstances under which the statements therein were made, not misleading, or (iv) any violation or alleged violation by the
Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, any state securities law or any rule or regulation under the Securities Act, the
Exchange Act or any state securities law, as such Damages are incurred, except to the extent such Damages result primarily from the
Indemnified Partys failure to perform any material covenant or material agreement contained in this Agreement or the
Indemnified Partys negligence, recklessness or bad faith in performing its obligations under this Agreement; provided, however,
that the foregoing indemnity agreement shall not apply to any Damages of an Indemnified Party to the extent, but only to the extent,
arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made by an
Indemnifying Party in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Indemnifying Party by the
Indemnified Party expressly for use in the Registration Statement, any post-effective amendment thereof or supplement thereto, or
any preliminary prospectus or final prospectus (as amended or supplemented).

Section
9.3 METHOD OF ASSERTING INDEMNIFICATION CLAIMS. All claims for indemnification by any Indemnified Party under Section
9.2 shall be asserted and resolved as follows:

(a)
In the event any claim or demand in respect of which an Indemnified Party might seek indemnity under Section 9.2 is asserted
against or sought to be collected from such Indemnified Party by a Person other than a party hereto or an affiliate thereof (a
Third Party Claim), the Indemnified Party shall deliver a written notification, enclosing a copy of all papers
served, if any, and specifying the nature of and basis for such Third Party Claim and for the Indemnified Partys claim for
indemnification that is being asserted under any provision of Section 9.2 against an Indemnifying Party, together with the amount
or, if not then reasonably ascertainable, the estimated amount, determined in good faith, of such Third Party Claim (a
Claim Notice) with reasonable promptness to the Indemnifying Party. If the Indemnified Party fails to provide
the Claim Notice with reasonable promptness after the Indemnified Party receives notice of such Third Party Claim, the Indemnifying
Party shall not be obligated to indemnify the Indemnified Party with respect to such Third Party Claim to the extent that the
Indemnifying Partys ability to defend has been prejudiced by such failure of the Indemnified Party. The Indemnifying Party
shall notify the Indemnified Party as soon as practicable within the period ending thirty (30) calendar days following receipt by
the Indemnifying Party of either a Claim Notice or an Indemnity Notice (as defined below) (the Dispute Period)
whether the Indemnifying Party disputes its liability or the amount of its liability to the Indemnified Party under Section 9.2 and
whether the Indemnifying Party desires, at its sole cost and expense, to defend the Indemnified Party against such Third Party
Claim.

(i)
If the Indemnifying Party notifies the Indemnified Party within the Dispute Period that the Indemnifying Party desires to defend the
Indemnified Party with respect to the Third Party Claim pursuant to this Section 9.3(a), then the Indemnifying Party shall have the right
to defend, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnifying Party, such
Third Party Claim by all appropriate proceedings, which proceedings shall be vigorously and diligently prosecuted by the Indemnifying
Party to a final conclusion or will be settled at the discretion of the Indemnifying Party (but only with the consent of the Indemnified
Party in the case of any settlement that provides for any relief other than the payment of monetary damages or that provides for the
payment of monetary damages as to which the Indemnified Party shall not be indemnified in full pursuant to Section 9.2). The Indemnifying
Party shall have full control of such defense and proceedings, including any compromise or settlement thereof; provided, however,
that the Indemnified Party may, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnified Party, at any time prior to the Indemnifying Partys
delivery of the notice referred to in the first sentence of this clause (i), file any motion, answer or other pleadings or take any other
action that the Indemnified Party reasonably believes to be necessary or appropriate to protect its interests; and provided, further,
that if requested by the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnified Party will, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnifying Party, provide
reasonable cooperation to the Indemnifying Party in contesting any Third Party Claim that the Indemnifying Party elects to contest. The
Indemnified Party may participate in, but not control, any defense or settlement of any Third Party Claim controlled by the Indemnifying
Party pursuant to this clause (i), and except as provided in the preceding sentence, the Indemnified Party shall bear its own costs and
expenses with respect to such participation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Indemnified Party may takeover the control of the defense
or settlement of a Third Party Claim at any time if it irrevocably waives its right to indemnity under Section 9.2 with respect to such
Third Party Claim.

(ii)
If the Indemnifying Party fails to notify the Indemnified Party within the Dispute Period that the Indemnifying Party desires to defend
the Third Party Claim pursuant to Section 9.3(a), or if the Indemnifying Party gives such notice but fails to prosecute vigorously and
diligently or settle the Third Party Claim, or if the Indemnifying Party fails to give any notice whatsoever within the Dispute Period,
then the Indemnified Party shall have the right to defend, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnifying Party, the Third Party Claim
by all appropriate proceedings, which proceedings shall be prosecuted by the Indemnified Party in a reasonable manner and in good faith
or will be settled at the discretion of the Indemnified Party(with the consent of the Indemnifying Party, which consent will not be unreasonably
withheld). The Indemnified Party will have full control of such defense and proceedings, including any compromise or settlement thereof;
provided, however, that if requested by the Indemnified Party, the Indemnifying Party will, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnifying
Party, provide reasonable cooperation to the Indemnified Party and its counsel in contesting any Third Party Claim which the Indemnified
Party is contesting. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this clause (ii), if the Indemnifying Party has notified the Indemnified
Party within the Dispute Period that the Indemnifying Party disputes its liability or the amount of its liability hereunder to the Indemnified
Party with respect to such Third Party Claim and if such dispute is resolved in favor of the Indemnifying Party in the manner provided
in clause (iii) below, the Indemnifying Party will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of the Indemnified Partys defense
pursuant to this clause (ii) or of the Indemnifying Partys participation therein at the Indemnified Partys request, and
the Indemnified Party shall reimburse the Indemnifying Party in full for all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the Indemnifying
Party in connection with such litigation. The Indemnifying Party may participate in, but not control, any defense or settlement controlled
by the Indemnified Party pursuant to this clause (ii), and the Indemnifying Party shall bear its own costs and expenses with respect
to such participation.

(iii)
If the Indemnifying Party notifies the Indemnified Party that it does not dispute its liability or the amount of its
liability to the Indemnified Party with respect to the Third Party Claim under Section 9.2 or fails to notify the Indemnified Party
within the Dispute Period whether the Indemnifying Party disputes its liability or the amount of its liability to the Indemnified
Party with respect to such Third Party Claim, the amount of Damages specified in the Claim Notice shall be conclusively deemed a
liability of the Indemnifying Party under Section 9.2 and the Indemnifying Party shall pay the amount of such Damages to the
Indemnified Party on demand. If the Indemnifying Party has timely disputed its liability or the amount of its liability with respect
to such claim, the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party shall proceed in good faith to negotiate a resolution of such
dispute; provided, however, that if the dispute is not resolved within thirty (30) days after the Claim Notice, the
Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to institute such legal action as it deems appropriate.

(b)
In the event any Indemnified Party should have a claim under Section 9.2 against the Indemnifying Party that does not involve
a Third Party Claim, the Indemnified Party shall deliver a written notification of a claim for indemnity under Section 9.2
specifying the nature of and basis for such claim, together with the amount or, if not then reasonably ascertainable, the estimated
amount, determined in good faith, of such claim (an Indemnity Notice) with reasonable promptness to the
Indemnifying Party. The failure by any Indemnified Party to give the Indemnity Notice shall not impair such partys rights
hereunder except to the extent that the Indemnifying Party demonstrates that it has been irreparably prejudiced thereby. If the
Indemnifying Party notifies the Indemnified Party that it does not dispute the claim or the amount of the claim described in such
Indemnity Notice or fails to notify the Indemnified Party within the Dispute Period whether the Indemnifying Party disputes the
claim or the amount of the claim described in such Indemnity Notice, the amount of Damages specified in the Indemnity Notice will be
conclusively deemed a liability of the Indemnifying Party under Section 9.2 and the Indemnifying Party shall pay the amount of such
Damages to the Indemnified Party on demand. If the Indemnifying Party has timely disputed its liability or the amount of its
liability with respect to such claim, the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party shall proceed in good faith to negotiate a
resolution of such dispute; provided, however, that if the dispute is not resolved within thirty (30) days after the Claim Notice,
the Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to institute such legal action as it deems appropriate.

(c)
The Indemnifying Party agrees to pay the Indemnified Party, promptly as such expenses are incurred and are due and payable, for any reasonable
legal fees or other reasonable expenses incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim.

(d)
The indemnity provisions contained herein shall be in addition to (i) any cause of action or similar rights of the Indemnified Party
against the Indemnifying Party or others, and (ii) any liabilities the Indemnifying Party may be subject to.

ARTICLE
X

MISCELLANEOUS

Section
10.1 ARBITRATION OF CLAIMS; GOVERNING LAW; JURISDICTION. The Company and Investor shall submit all Claims (as defined in Exhibit
C of this Agreement) (the Claims) arising under this Agreement or any other agreement between the Company and Investor
or their respective affiliates (including but not limited to the Transaction Documents) or any Claim relating to the relationship of
the Company and Investor or their respective affiliates to binding arbitration pursuant to the arbitration provisions set forth in Exhibit
C of the Agreement (the Arbitration Provisions). The Company and Investor hereby acknowledge and agree that the Arbitration
Provisions are unconditionally binding on the Company and Investor hereto and are severable from all other provisions of this Agreement.
By executing this Agreement, Company represents, warrants and covenants that Company has reviewed the Arbitration Provisions carefully,
consulted with legal counsel about such provisions (or waived its right to do so), understands that the Arbitration Provisions are intended
to allow for the expeditious and efficient resolution of any dispute hereunder, agrees to the terms and limitations set forth in the
Arbitration Provisions, and that Company will not take a position contrary to the foregoing representations. Company acknowledges and
agrees that Investor may rely upon the foregoing representations and covenants of Company regarding the Arbitration Provisions. This
Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation
and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice
of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application
of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Delaware. The Company and Investor consent to and expressly agree that the exclusive
venue for arbitration of any Claims arising under this Agreement or any other agreement between the Company and Investor or their respective
affiliates (including but not limited to the Transaction Documents) or any Claim relating to the relationship of the Company and Investor
or their respective affiliates shall be in New Castle County, State of Delaware. Without modifying the Companys and Investors
mandatory obligations to resolve disputes hereunder pursuant to the Arbitration Provisions, for any litigation arising in connection
with any of the Transaction Documents (and notwithstanding the terms (specifically including any governing law and venue terms) of any
transfer agent services agreement or other agreement between the Companys transfer agent and the Company, such litigation specifically
includes, without limitation any action between or involving Company and the Companys transfer agent under the Transfer Agent
Instruction Letter or otherwise related to Investor in any way (specifically including, without limitation, any action where Company
seeks to obtain an injunction, temporary restraining order, or otherwise prohibit the Companys transfer agent from issuing shares
of Common Stock to Investor for any reason)), each party hereto hereby (i) consents to and expressly submits to the exclusive personal
jurisdiction of any state or federal court sitting in New Castle County, State of Delaware, (ii) expressly submits to the exclusive venue
of any such court for the purposes hereof, (iii) agrees to not bring any such action (specifically including, without limitation, any
action where Company seeks to obtain an injunction, temporary restraining order, or otherwise prohibit the Companys transfer agent
from issuing shares of Common Stock to Investor for any reason) outside of any state or federal court sitting in New Castle County, State
of Delaware, and (iv) waives any claim of improper venue and any claim or objection that such courts are an inconvenient forum or any
other claim, defense or objection to the bringing of any such proceeding in such jurisdiction or to any claim that such venue of the
suit, action or proceeding is improper. Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, nothing herein shall limit, or shall
be deemed or construed to limit, the ability of the Investor to realize on any collateral or any other security, or to enforce a judgment
or other court ruling in favor of the Investor, including through a legal action in any court of competent jurisdiction. The Company
hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any
action instituted hereunder, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, and any claim that such
suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper (including
but not limited to based upon forum non conveniens). THE COMPANY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES
NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR
ANY TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. The Company irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served
in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Agreement or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated
hereby or thereby by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to Company
at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service
of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner
permitted by law. The prevailing party in any action or dispute brought in connection with this Agreement or any other agreement, certificate,
instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorneys
fees and costs. If any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability
shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement in that jurisdiction or the validity or enforceability
of any provision of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction.

Section
10.2 PAYMENT SET ASIDE. Further, to the extent that the (i) Company makes a payment or payments to the Investor
pursuant to this Agreement or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, or (ii) the
Investor enforces or exercises its rights pursuant to this Agreement or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document
contemplated hereby or thereby (including but not limited to the sale of the Securities), and such payment or payments or the
proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof (including but not limited to the sale of the Securities) are for any
reason (i) subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, or disgorged by the
Investor, or (ii) are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver, government entity,
or any other person or entity under any law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, foreign, state or federal law,
common law or equitable cause of action), then (i) to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part thereof originally
intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such
enforcement or setoff had not occurred and (ii) the Company shall immediately pay to the Investor a dollar amount equal to the
amount that was for any reason (i) subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from,
or disgorged by the Investor, or (ii) required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver,
government entity, or any other person or entity under any law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, foreign, state or
federal law, common law or equitable cause of action).

Section
10.3 ASSIGNMENT. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and the Investor and their respective
successors. Neither this Agreement nor any rights of the Investor or the Company hereunder may be assigned by either party to any other
Person.

Section
10.4 NO THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the Company and the Investor and their respective
successors, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as set forth in Section
9.3.

Section
10.5 TERMINATION. The Company may terminate this Agreement at any time by written notice to the Investor at least five (5) Trading
Days prior to the effective date of such termination (the Termination Date), except that such Termination Date cannot be
during any Cooldown Period or during any Pricing Period. In addition, this Agreement shall automatically terminate at the end of the
Commitment Period. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, (i) the provisions of Articles III, IV, V, VI, IX of this
Agreement and the agreements and covenants of the Company and the Investor set forth in Article X of this Agreement shall survive the
termination of this Agreement and (ii) the Investor shall retain all rights to the Commitment Shares, Pre-Funded Warrants, and Exercise
Shares even if this Agreement is terminated.

Section
10.6 ENTIRE AGREEMENT. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding
of the Company and the Investor with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and supersede all prior agreements and understandings,
oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the Parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

Section
10.7 FEES AND EXPENSES.

(a) Except
as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents, each party shall pay the fees and expenses of its own advisers, counsel, accountants
and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery
and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without limitation, any fees required
for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection
with the delivery of any Securities to the Investor. In addition, the Company shall pay $20,000.00 to legal counsel of the Investor
on the date of this Agreement for Investors expenses relating to the preparation of this Agreement.

(b) On
the date of this Agreement, the Company shall issue the Initial Commitment Shares to Investor for its commitment to enter into this
Agreement. The Initial Commitment Shares shall be earned in full upon the execution of this Agreement, and the issuance of the Initial
Commitment Shares is not contingent upon any other event or condition, including but not limited to the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement or the Companys submission of an Advance Notice to the Investor. If the Reference True-Up Price is less than the
Reference Price, then the Company shall issue the True-Up Shares to the Investor on the Reference True-Up Date.

(c) If
the issuance of any of the Commitment Shares would cause the Investor to exceed the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the balance
of such Commitment Shares in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be issued in the form of Pre-Funded Warrants for
the purchase of the respective number of Commitment Shares within one (1) Trading Day of Investors written request to the
Company. If the Investor requests in writing that the Company issue Pre-Funded Warrants for the purchase of any portion of Commitment
Shares, then such requested portion shall be issued in the form of Pre-Funded Warrants for the purchase of the respective number
of Commitment Shares within one (1) Trading Day of Investors written request to the Company and correspondingly reduce the
number of additional Commitment Shares issuable to Investor.

Section
10.8 COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which may be executed by less than
all of the Parties and shall be deemed to be an original instrument which shall be enforceable against the Parties actually
executing such counterparts and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement may be delivered
to the other Parties hereto by email of a copy of this Agreement bearing the signature of the Parties so delivering this
Agreement.

Section
10.9 SEVERABILITY. In the event that any provision of this Agreement becomes or is declared by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable or void, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect without said provision;
provided that such severability shall be ineffective if it materially changes the economic benefit of this Agreement to any
party.

Section
10.10 FURTHER ASSURANCES. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts
and things, and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may
reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby.

Section
10.11 NO STRICT CONSTRUCTION. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the Parties to express
their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party.

Section
10.12 [Intentionally Omitted]

Section
10.13 TITLE AND SUBTITLES. The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are used for the convenience of reference and are not
to be considered in construing or interpreting this Agreement.

Section
10.14 AMENDMENTS; WAIVERS. No provision of this Agreement may be amended or waived by the Parties from and after the date that
is one (1) Trading Day immediately preceding the initial filing of the Registration Statement with the SEC. Subject to the immediately
preceding sentence, (i) no provision of this Agreement may be amended other than by a written instrument signed by both Parties hereto
and (ii) no provision of this Agreement may be waived other than in a written instrument signed by the party against whom enforcement
of such waiver is sought. No failure or delay in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof,
nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other
right, power or privilege.

Section
10.15 PUBLICITY. The Company and the Investor shall consult with each other in issuing any press releases or otherwise making
public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby and no party shall issue any such press release or otherwise make
any such public statement, other than as required by law, without the prior written consent of the other Parties, which consent shall
not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, except that no prior consent shall be required if such disclosure is required by law, in which
such case the disclosing party shall provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of the Investor without the prior written consent of the Investor, except to the extent
required by law. The Investor acknowledges that this Agreement and all or part of the Transaction Documents may be deemed to be material
contracts, as that term is defined by Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K, and that the Company may therefore be required to file
such documents as exhibits to reports or registration statements filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. The Investor further
agrees that the status of such documents and materials as material contracts shall be determined solely by the Company, in consultation
with its counsel.

[Signature
Page Follows]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized
as of the day and year first above written.

THE
COMPANY:

YOSHIHARU
GLOBAL CO. 

By: 

Name: James
Chae 

Title: Chief
Executive Officer 

INVESTOR:

CROM
STRUCTURED OPPORTUNITIES FUND I, LP

By:
CROM STRUCTURED OPPORTUNITIES FUND I GP, LLC, its General Partner

By: 

CROM CORTANA FUND LLC, member of the General Partner

By: 

Name: Liam
Sherif 

Title:
Authorized
Signatory 

[Signature
Page to equity purchase agreement]

EXHIBIT
A

FORM
OF ADVANCE NOTICE

TO:
CROM STRUCTURED OPPORTUNITIES FUND I, LP

DATE:

We
refer to the equity purchase agreement, dated January 6, 2025 (the Agreement), entered into by and between Yoshiharu
Global Co. and you. Capitalized terms defined in the Agreement shall, unless otherwise defined herein, have the same meaning when used
herein.

We
hereby:

1)
Give you notice that we require you to purchase Advance Shares pursuant to

the Agreement; and

2)
The Initial Purchase Price pursuant to the Agreement is ; and

2)
Certify that, as of the date hereof, the conditions set forth in Section 7.2 of the Agreement are satisfied.

YOSHIHARU GLOBAL CO.

By:

Name:
James
Chae

Title:
Chief
Executive Officer

EXHIBIT
B

FORM
OF OFFICERS CERTIFICATE

OF YOSHIHARU GLOBAL CO.

Pursuant
to Section 7.2(k) of that certain equity purchase agreement, dated January 6, 2025 (the Agreement), by and between
Yoshiharu Global Co. (the Company) and Crom Structured Opportunities Fund I, LP (the Investor),
the undersigned, in his capacity as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and not in his individual capacity, hereby certifies, as
of the date hereof (such date, the Condition Satisfaction Date), the following:

1.
The representations and warranties of the Company are true and correct in all material respects as of the Condition Satisfaction Date
as though made on the Condition Satisfaction Date (except for representations and warranties specifically made as of a particular date)
with respect to all periods, and as to all events and circumstances occurring or existing to and including the Condition Satisfaction
Date, except for any conditions which have temporarily caused any representations or warranties of the Company set forth in the Agreement
to be incorrect and which have been corrected with no continuing impairment to the Company or the Investor; and

2.
All of the conditions precedent to the obligation of the Investor to purchase Advance Shares set forth in the Agreement, including but
not limited to Section 7.2 of the Agreement, have been satisfied as of the Condition Satisfaction Date.

Capitalized
terms used herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Agreement unless otherwise defined herein.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunto affixed his hand as of the , 20__.

By:

Name:
James
Chae

Title:
Chief
Executive Officer

EXHIBIT
C

ARBITRATION
PROVISIONS

1.
Dispute Resolution. Each party consents to and expressly agrees that the exclusive venue for arbitration of any dispute arising out
of or relating to any of the Transaction Documents or the relationship of the parties or their affiliates shall be in New Castle County,
State of Delaware. For purposes of this Exhibit C, the term Claims means any disputes, claims, demands, causes
of action, requests for injunctive relief, requests for specific performance, questions regarding severability of any provisions of the
Transaction Documents, liabilities, damages, losses, or controversies whatsoever arising from, related to, or connected with the transactions
contemplated in the Transaction Documents and any communications between the parties related thereto, including without limitation any
claims of mutual mistake, mistake, fraud, misrepresentation, failure of formation, failure of consideration, promissory estoppel, unconscionability,
failure of condition precedent, rescission, and any statutory claims, tort claims, contract claims, or claims to void, invalidate or
terminate the Agreement (or these Arbitration Provisions (defined below)) or any of the other Transaction Documents. The parties to this
Agreement (the parties) hereby agree that the Claims may be arbitrated in one or more Arbitrations pursuant to these
Arbitration Provisions (one for an injunction or injunctions and a separate one for all other Claims). The parties hereby agree that
the arbitration provisions set forth in this Exhibit C (Arbitration Provisions) are binding on each of them.
As a result, any attempt to rescind the Agreement (or these Arbitration Provisions) or any other Transaction Document) or declare the
Agreement (or these Arbitration Provisions) or any other Transaction Document invalid or unenforceable pursuant to Section 29 of the
1934 Act or for any other reason is subject to these Arbitration Provisions. These Arbitration Provisions shall also survive any termination
or expiration of the Agreement. Any capitalized term not defined in these Arbitration Provisions shall have the meaning set forth in
the Agreement.

2.
Arbitration. Except as otherwise provided herein, all Claims must be submitted to arbitration (Arbitration)
to be conducted exclusively in New Castle County, State of Delaware and pursuant to the terms set forth in these Arbitration Provisions.
Subject to the arbitration appeal right provided for in Paragraph 5 below (the Appeal Right), the parties agree
that the award of the arbitrator rendered pursuant to Paragraph 4 below (the Arbitration Award) shall be (a) final
and binding upon the parties, (b) the sole and exclusive remedy between them regarding any Claims, counterclaims, issues, or accountings
presented or pleaded to the arbitrator, and (c) promptly payable in United States dollars free of any tax, deduction or offset (with
respect to monetary awards). Subject to the Appeal Right, any costs or fees, including without limitation attorneys fees, incurred
in connection with or incident to enforcing the Arbitration Award shall, to the maximum extent permitted by law, be charged against the
party resisting such enforcement. Judgment upon the Arbitration Award will be entered and enforced by any state or federal court sitting
in New Castle County, State of Delaware.

3.
The Arbitration Act. The parties hereby incorporate herein the provisions and procedures set forth in the Delaware Uniform Arbitration
Act, Title 10 Chapter 57 (as amended or superseded from time to time, the Arbitration Act). Notwithstanding the
foregoing, pursuant to, and to the maximum extent permitted by, the Arbitration Act, in the event of conflict or variation between the
terms of these Arbitration Provisions and the provisions of the Arbitration Act, the terms of these Arbitration Provisions shall control
and the parties hereby waive or otherwise agree to vary the effect of all requirements of the Arbitration Act that may conflict with
or vary from these Arbitration Provisions.

4.
Arbitration Proceedings. Arbitration between the parties will be subject to the following:

4.1 Initiation
of Arbitration. Pursuant to the Arbitration Act, the parties agree that a party may initiate Arbitration by giving
written notice to the other party (Arbitration Notice) in the same manner that notice is permitted under
Section 8(f) of the Agreement; provided, however, that the Arbitration Notice may not be given by email or fax. Arbitration
will be deemed initiated as of the date that the Arbitration Notice is deemed physically delivered to such other party under Section
8(f) of the Agreement (the Service Date). After the Service Date, information may be delivered, and notices may
be given, by email or fax pursuant to Section 8(f) of the Agreement or any other method permitted thereunder. The Arbitration Notice
must describe the nature of the controversy, the remedies sought, and the election to commence Arbitration proceedings. All Claims
in the Arbitration Notice must be pleaded consistent with the Delaware Rules of Civil Procedure.

4.2
Selection and Payment of Arbitrator.

(a)
Within ten (10) calendar days after the Service Date, Investor shall select and submit to Company the names of three (3) arbitrators
that are designated as neutrals or qualified arbitrators by the American Arbitration Association (AAA) or
other arbitration service provider agreed upon by the parties (such three (3) designated persons hereunder are referred to herein as
the Proposed Arbitrators). For the avoidance of doubt, each Proposed Arbitrator must be qualified as a neutral
with AAA or other arbitration service provider agreed upon by the parties. Within five (5) calendar days after Investor has submitted
to Company the names of the Proposed Arbitrators, Company must select, by written notice to Investor, one (1) of the Proposed Arbitrators
to act as the arbitrator for the parties under these Arbitration Provisions. If Company fails to select one of the Proposed Arbitrators
in writing within such 5-day period, then Investor may select the arbitrator from the Proposed Arbitrators by providing written notice
of such selection to Company.

(b)
If Investor fails to submit to Company the Proposed Arbitrators within ten (10) calendar days after the Service Date pursuant to subparagraph
(a) above, then Company may at any time prior to Investor so designating the Proposed Arbitrators, identify the names of three (3) arbitrators
that are designated as neutrals or qualified arbitrators by AAA or other arbitration service provider agreed upon by the
parties by written notice to Investor. Investor may then, within five (5) calendar days after Company has submitted notice of its Proposed
Arbitrators to Investor, select, by written notice to Company, one (1) of the Proposed Arbitrators to act as the arbitrator for the parties
under these Arbitration Provisions. If Investor fails to select in writing and within such 5-day period one (1) of the three (3) Proposed
Arbitrators selected by Company, then Company may select the arbitrator from its three (3) previously selected Proposed Arbitrators by
providing written notice of such selection to Investor.

(c)
If a Proposed Arbitrator chosen to serve as arbitrator declines or is otherwise unable to serve as arbitrator, then the party that selected
such Proposed Arbitrator may select one (1) of the other three (3) Proposed Arbitrators within three (3) calendar days of the date the
chosen Proposed Arbitrator declines or notifies the parties he or she is unable to serve as arbitrator. If all three (3) Proposed Arbitrators
decline or are otherwise unable to serve as arbitrator, then the arbitrator selection process shall begin again in accordance with this
Paragraph 4.2.

(d)
The date that the Proposed Arbitrator selected pursuant to this Paragraph 4.2 agrees in writing (including via email) delivered to both
parties to serve as the arbitrator hereunder is referred to herein as the Arbitration Commencement Date. If an arbitrator
resigns or is unable to act during the Arbitration, a replacement arbitrator shall be chosen in accordance with this Paragraph 4.2 to
continue the Arbitration. If AAA or other arbitration service provider agreed upon by the parties ceases to exist or to provide a list
of neutrals and there is no successor thereto, then replacement arbitrators shall be selected by both parties within five (5) calendar
days thereafter.

(e)
Subject to Paragraph 4.10 below, the cost of the arbitrator must be paid equally by both parties. Subject to Paragraph 4.10 below, if
one party refuses or fails to pay its portion of the arbitrator fee, then the other party can advance such unpaid amount, with such amount
being added to or subtracted from, as applicable, the Arbitration Award.

4.3 Applicability
of Certain Delaware Rules. The parties agree that the Arbitration shall be conducted generally in accordance with the
Delaware Rules of Civil Procedure and the Delaware Rules of Evidence. More specifically, the Delaware Rules of Civil Procedure shall
apply, without limitation, to the filing of any pleadings, motions or memoranda, the conducting of discovery, and the taking of any
depositions. The Delaware Rules of Evidence shall apply to any hearings, whether telephonic or in person, held by the arbitrator.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is the parties intent that the incorporation of such rules will in no event supersede these
Arbitration Provisions. In the event of any conflict between the Delaware Rules of Civil Procedure or the Delaware Rules of Evidence
and these Arbitration Provisions, these Arbitration Provisions shall control.

4.4 Answer
and Default. An answer and any counterclaims to the Arbitration Notice shall be required to be delivered to the party
initiating the Arbitration within twenty (20) calendar days after the Arbitration Commencement Date. If an answer is not delivered
by the required deadline, the arbitrator must provide written notice to the defaulting party stating that the arbitrator will enter
a default award against such party if such party does not file an answer within five (5) calendar days of receipt of such notice. If
an answer is not filed within the five (5) day extension period, the arbitrator must render a default award, consistent with the
relief requested in the Arbitration Notice, against a party that fails to submit an answer within such time period.

4.5
[Intentionally Omitted].

4.6
Discovery. The parties agree that discovery shall be conducted as follows:

(a)
Written discovery will only be allowed if the likely benefits of the proposed written discovery outweigh the burden or expense thereof,
and the written discovery sought is likely to reveal information that will satisfy a specific element of a claim or defense already pleaded
in the Arbitration. The party seeking written discovery shall always have the burden of showing that all of the standards and limitations
set forth in these Arbitration Provisions are satisfied. The scope of discovery in the Arbitration proceedings shall also be limited
as follows:

(i)
To facts directly connected with the transactions contemplated by the Agreement.

(ii)
To facts and information that cannot be obtained from another source or in another manner that is more convenient, less burdensome or
less expensive than in the manner requested.

(b)
No party shall be allowed (i) more than fifteen (15) interrogatories (including discrete subparts), (ii) more than fifteen (15) requests
for admission (including discrete subparts), (iii) more than ten (10) document requests (including discrete subparts), or (iv) more than
three (3) depositions (excluding expert depositions) for a maximum of seven (7) hours per deposition. The costs associated with depositions
will be borne by the party taking the deposition. The party defending the deposition will submit a notice to the party taking the deposition
of the estimated attorneys fees that such party expects to incur in connection with defending the deposition. If the party defending
the deposition fails to submit an estimate of attorneys fees within five (5) calendar days of its receipt of a deposition notice,
then such party shall be deemed to have waived its right to the estimated attorneys fees. The party taking the deposition must
pay the party defending the deposition the estimated attorneys fees prior to taking the deposition, unless such obligation is
deemed to be waived as set forth in the immediately preceding sentence. If the party taking the deposition believes that the estimated
attorneys fees are unreasonable, such party may submit the issue to the arbitrator for a decision.

(c)
All discovery requests (including document production requests included in deposition notices) must be submitted in writing to the arbitrator
and the other party. The party submitting the written discovery requests must include with such discovery requests a detailed explanation
of how the proposed discovery requests satisfy the requirements of these Arbitration Provisions and the Delaware Rules of Civil Procedure.
The receiving party will then be allowed, within five (5) calendar days of receiving the proposed discovery requests, to submit to the
arbitrator an estimate of the attorneys fees and costs associated with responding to such written discovery requests and a written
challenge to each applicable discovery request. After receipt of an estimate of attorneys fees and costs and/or challenge(s) to
one or more discovery requests, consistent with subparagraph (c) above, the arbitrator will within three (3) calendar days make a finding
as to the likely attorneys fees and costs associated with responding to the discovery requests and issue an order that (i) requires
the requesting party to prepay the attorneys fees and costs associated with responding to the discovery requests, and (ii) requires
the responding party to respond to the discovery requests as limited by the arbitrator within twenty-five (25) calendar days of the arbitrators
finding with respect to such discovery requests. If a party entitled to submit an estimate of attorneys fees and costs and/or
a challenge to discovery requests fails to do so within such 5-day period, the arbitrator will make a finding that (A) there are no attorneys
fees or costs associated with responding to such discovery requests, and (B) the responding party must respond to such discovery requests
(as may be limited by the arbitrator) within twenty-five (25) calendar days of the arbitrators finding with respect to such discovery
requests. Any party submitting any written discovery requests, including without limitation interrogatories, requests for production
subpoenas to a party or a third party, or requests for admissions, must prepay the estimated attorneys fees and costs, before
the responding party has any obligation to produce or respond to the same, unless such obligation is deemed waived as set forth above.

(d)
In order to allow a written discovery request, the arbitrator must find that the discovery request satisfies the standards set forth
in these Arbitration Provisions and the Delaware Rules of Civil Procedure. The arbitrator must strictly enforce these standards. If a
discovery request does not satisfy any of the standards set forth in these Arbitration Provisions or the Delaware Rules of Civil Procedure,
the arbitrator may modify such discovery request to satisfy the applicable standards, or strike such discovery request in whole or in
part.

(e)
Each party may submit expert reports (and rebuttals thereto), provided that such reports must be submitted within sixty (60) days of
the Arbitration Commencement Date. Each party will be allowed a maximum of two (2) experts. Expert reports must contain the following:
(i) a complete statement of all opinions the expert will offer at trial and the basis and reasons for them; (ii) the experts name
and qualifications, including a list of all the experts publications within the preceding ten (10) years, and a list of any other
cases in which the expert has testified at trial or in a deposition or prepared a report within the preceding ten (10) years; and (iii)
the compensation to be paid for the experts report and testimony. The parties are entitled to depose any other partys expert
witness one (1) time for no more than four (4) hours. An expert may not testify in a partys case-in-chief concerning any matter
not fairly disclosed in the expert report.

4.6
Dispositive Motions. Each party shall have the right to submit dispositive motions pursuant to the Delaware Rules of Civil Procedure
(a Dispositive Motion). The party submitting the Dispositive Motion may, but is not required to, deliver to the
arbitrator and to the other party a memorandum in support (the Memorandum in Support) of the Dispositive Motion.
Within seven (7) calendar days of delivery of the Memorandum in Support, the other party shall deliver to the arbitrator and to the other
party a memorandum in opposition to the Memorandum in Support (the Memorandum in Opposition). Within seven (7) calendar
days of delivery of the Memorandum in Opposition, as applicable, the party that submitted the Memorandum in Support shall deliver to
the arbitrator and to the other party a reply memorandum to the Memorandum in Opposition (Reply Memorandum). If
the applicable party shall fail to deliver the Memorandum in Opposition as required above, or if the other party fails to deliver the
Reply Memorandum as required above, then the applicable party shall lose its right to so deliver the same, and the Dispositive Motion
shall proceed regardless.

4.7
Confidentiality. All information disclosed by either party (or such partys agents) during the Arbitration process (including
without limitation information disclosed during the discovery process or any Appeal (defined below)) shall be considered confidential
in nature. Each party agrees not to disclose any confidential information received from the other party (or its agents) during the Arbitration
process (including without limitation during the discovery process or any Appeal) unless (a) prior to or after the time of disclosure
such information becomes public knowledge or part of the public domain, not as a result of any inaction or action of the receiving party
or its agents, (b) such information is required by a court order, subpoena or similar legal duress to be disclosed if such receiving
party has notified the other party thereof in writing and given it a reasonable opportunity to obtain a protective order from a court
of competent jurisdiction prior to disclosure, or (c) such information is disclosed to the receiving partys agents, representatives
and legal counsel on a need to know basis who each agree in writing not to disclose such information to any third party. The arbitrator
is hereby authorized and directed to issue a protective order to prevent the disclosure of privileged information and confidential information
upon the written request of either party.

4.8
Authorization; Timing; Scheduling Order. Subject to all other portions of these Arbitration Provisions, the parties hereby authorize
and direct the arbitrator to take such actions and make such rulings as may be necessary to carry out the parties intent for the
Arbitration proceedings to be efficient and expeditious. The parties hereby agree that an Arbitration Award must be made within one hundred
twenty (120) calendar days after the Arbitration Commencement Date. The arbitrator is hereby authorized and directed to hold a scheduling
conference within ten (10) calendar days after the Arbitration Commencement Date in order to establish a scheduling order with various
binding deadlines for discovery, expert testimony, and the submission of documents by the parties to enable the arbitrator to render
a decision prior to the end of such 120-day period.

4.9
Relief. The arbitrator shall have the right to award or include in the Arbitration Award (or in a preliminary ruling) any relief
which the arbitrator deems proper under the circumstances, including, without limitation, specific performance and injunctive relief,
provided that the arbitrator may not award exemplary or punitive damages.

4.10
Fees and Costs. As part of the Arbitration Award, the arbitrator is hereby directed to require the losing party (the party being
awarded the least amount of money by the arbitrator, which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be determined without regard to any statutory
fines, penalties, fees, or other charges awarded to any party) to (a) pay the full amount of any unpaid costs and fees of the Arbitration,
and (b) reimburse the prevailing party for all reasonable attorneys fees, arbitrator costs and fees, deposition costs, other discovery
costs, and other expenses, costs or fees paid or otherwise incurred by the prevailing party in connection with the Arbitration.

5.
Arbitration Appeal.

5.1
Initiation of Appeal. Following the entry of the Arbitration Award, either party (the Appellant) shall have
a period of thirty (30) calendar days in which to notify the other party (the Appellee), in writing, that the Appellant
elects to appeal (the Appeal) the Arbitration Award (such notice, an Appeal Notice) to a panel
of arbitrators as provided in Paragraph 5.2 below. The date the Appellant delivers an Appeal Notice to the Appellee is referred to herein
as the Appeal Date. The Appeal Notice must be delivered to the Appellee in accordance with the provisions of Paragraph
4.1 above with respect to delivery of an Arbitration Notice. In addition, together with delivery of the Appeal Notice to the Appellee,
the Appellant must also pay for (and provide proof of such payment to the Appellee together with delivery of the Appeal Notice) a bond
in the amount of 110% of the sum the Appellant owes to the Appellee as a result of the Arbitration Award the Appellant is appealing.
In the event an Appellant delivers an Appeal Notice to the Appellee (together with proof of payment of the applicable bond) in compliance
with the provisions of this Paragraph 5.1, the Appeal will occur as a matter of right and, except as specifically set forth herein, will
not be further conditioned. In the event a party does not deliver an Appeal Notice (along with proof of payment of the applicable bond)
to the other party within the deadline prescribed in this Paragraph 5.1, such party shall lose its right to appeal the Arbitration Award.
If no party delivers an Appeal Notice (along with proof of payment of the applicable bond) to the other party within the deadline described
in this Paragraph 5.1, the Arbitration Award shall be final. The parties acknowledge and agree that any Appeal shall be deemed part of
the parties agreement to arbitrate for purposes of these Arbitration Provisions and the Arbitration Act.

5.2 Selection
and Payment of Appeal Panel. In the event an Appellant delivers an Appeal Notice to the Appellee (together with proof of payment
of the applicable bond) in compliance with the provisions of Paragraph 5.1 above, the Appeal will be heard by a three (3) person
arbitration panel (the Appeal Panel).

(a)
Within ten (10) calendar days after the Appeal Date, the Appellee shall select and submit to the Appellant the names of five (5) arbitrators
that are designated as neutrals or qualified arbitrators by AAA or other arbitration service provider agreed upon by the
parties (such five (5) designated persons hereunder are referred to herein as the Proposed Appeal Arbitrators).
For the avoidance of doubt, each Proposed Appeal Arbitrator must be qualified as a neutral with AAA or other arbitration
service provider agreed upon by the parties, and shall not be the arbitrator who rendered the Arbitration Award being appealed (the Original
Arbitrator). Within five (5) calendar days after the Appellee has submitted to the Appellant the names of the Proposed Appeal
Arbitrators, the Appellant must select, by written notice to the Appellee, three (3) of the Proposed Appeal Arbitrators to act as the
members of the Appeal Panel. If the Appellant fails to select three (3) of the Proposed Appeal Arbitrators in writing within such 5-day
period, then the Appellee may select such three (3) arbitrators from the Proposed Appeal Arbitrators by providing written notice of such
selection to the Appellant.

(b)
If the Appellee fails to submit to the Appellant the names of the Proposed Appeal Arbitrators within ten (10) calendar days after the
Appeal Date pursuant to subparagraph (a) above, then the Appellant may at any time prior to the Appellee so designating the Proposed
Appeal Arbitrators, identify the names of five (5) arbitrators that are designated as neutrals or qualified arbitrators
by AAA or other arbitration service provider agreed upon by the parties (none of whom may be the Original Arbitrator) by written notice
to the Appellee. The Appellee may then, within five (5) calendar days after the Appellant has submitted notice of its selected arbitrators
to the Appellee, select, by written notice to the Appellant, three (3) of such selected arbitrators to serve on the Appeal Panel. If
the Appellee fails to select in writing within such 5-day period three (3) of the arbitrators selected by the Appellant to serve as the
members of the Appeal Panel, then the Appellant may select the three (3) members of the Appeal Panel from the Appellants list
of five (5) arbitrators by providing written notice of such selection to the Appellee.

(c)
If a selected Proposed Appeal Arbitrator declines or is otherwise unable to serve, then the party that selected such Proposed Appeal
Arbitrator may select one (1) of the other five (5) designated Proposed Appeal Arbitrators within three (3) calendar days of the date
a chosen Proposed Appeal Arbitrator declines or notifies the parties he or she is unable to serve as an arbitrator. If at least three
(3) of the five (5) designated Proposed Appeal Arbitrators decline or are otherwise unable to serve, then the Proposed Appeal Arbitrator
selection process shall begin again in accordance with this Paragraph 5.2; provided, however, that any Proposed Appeal Arbitrators
who have already agreed to serve shall remain on the Appeal Panel.

(d)
The date that all three (3) Proposed Appeal Arbitrators selected pursuant to this Paragraph 5.2 agree in writing (including via email)
delivered to both the Appellant and the Appellee to serve as members of the Appeal Panel hereunder is referred to herein as the Appeal
Commencement Date. No later than five (5) calendar days after the Appeal Commencement Date, the Appellee shall designate in
writing (including via email) to the Appellant and the Appeal Panel the name of one (1) of the three (3) members of the Appeal Panel
to serve as the lead arbitrator in the Appeal proceedings. Each member of the Appeal Panel shall be deemed an arbitrator for purposes
of these Arbitration Provisions and the Arbitration Act, provided that, in conducting the Appeal, the Appeal Panel may only act or make
determinations upon the approval or vote of no less than the majority vote of its members, as announced or communicated by the lead arbitrator
on the Appeal Panel. If an arbitrator on the Appeal Panel ceases or is unable to act during the Appeal proceedings, a replacement arbitrator
shall be chosen in accordance with Paragraph 5.2 above to continue the Appeal as a member of the Appeal Panel. If AAA or other arbitration
service provider agreed upon by the parties ceases to exist or to provide a list of neutrals, then replacement arbitrators for the Appeal
Panel shall be selected by both parties within five (5) calendar days thereafter.

(d)
Subject to Paragraph 5.7 below, the cost of the Appeal Panel must be paid entirely by the Appellant.

5.3 Appeal
Procedure. The Appeal will be deemed an appeal of the entire Arbitration Award. In conducting the Appeal, the Appeal
Panel shall conduct a de novo review of all Claims described or otherwise set forth in the Arbitration Notice. Subject to the
foregoing and all other provisions of this Paragraph 5, the Appeal Panel shall conduct the Appeal in a manner the Appeal Panel
considers appropriate for a fair and expeditious disposition of the Appeal, may hold one or more hearings and permit oral argument,
and may review all previous evidence and discovery, together with all briefs, pleadings and other documents filed with the Original
Arbitrator (as well as any documents filed with the Appeal Panel pursuant to Paragraph 5.4(a) below). Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in connection with the Appeal, the Appeal Panel shall not permit the parties to conduct any additional discovery or raise any new
Claims to be arbitrated, shall not permit new witnesses or affidavits, and shall not base any of its findings or determinations on
the Original Arbitrators findings or the Arbitration Award.

5.4
Timing.

(a)
Within seven (7) calendar days of the Appeal Commencement Date, the Appellant (i) shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Appeal
Panel copies of the Appeal Notice, all discovery conducted in connection with the Arbitration, and all briefs, pleadings and other documents
filed with the Original Arbitrator (which material Appellee shall have the right to review and supplement if necessary), and (ii) may,
but is not required to, deliver to the Appeal Panel and to the Appellee a Memorandum in Support of the Appellants arguments concerning
or position with respect to all Claims, counterclaims, issues, or accountings presented or pleaded in the Arbitration. Within seven (7)
calendar days of the Appellants delivery of the Memorandum in Support, as applicable, the Appellee shall deliver to the Appeal
Panel and to the Appellant a Memorandum in Opposition to the Memorandum in Support. Within seven (7) calendar days of the Appellees
delivery of the Memorandum in Opposition, as applicable, the Appellant shall deliver to the Appeal Panel and to the Appellee a Reply
Memorandum to the Memorandum in Opposition. If the Appellant shall fail to substantially comply with the requirements of clause (i) of
this subparagraph (a), the Appellant shall lose its right to appeal the Arbitration Award, and the Arbitration Award shall be final.
If the Appellee shall fail to deliver the Memorandum in Opposition as required above, or if the Appellant shall fail to deliver the Reply
Memorandum as required above, then the Appellee or the Appellant, as the case may be, shall lose its right to so deliver the same, and
the Appeal shall proceed regardless.

(b)
Subject to subparagraph (a) above, the parties hereby agree that the Appeal must be heard by the Appeal Panel within thirty (30) calendar
days of the Appeal Commencement Date, and that the Appeal Panel must render its decision within thirty (30) calendar days after the Appeal
is heard (and in no event later than sixty (60) calendar days after the Appeal Commencement Date).

5.5 Appeal
Panel Award. The Appeal Panel shall issue its decision (the Appeal Panel Award) through the lead arbitrator
on the Appeal Panel. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, the Appeal Panel Award shall (a) supersede in its
entirety and make of no further force or effect the Arbitration Award (provided that any protective orders issued by the Original
Arbitrator shall remain in full force and effect), (b) be final and binding upon the parties, with no further rights of appeal, (c)
be the sole and exclusive remedy between the parties regarding any Claims, counterclaims, issues, or accountings presented or
pleaded in the Arbitration, and (d) be promptly payable in United States dollars free of any tax, deduction or offset (with respect
to monetary awards). Any costs or fees, including without limitation attorneys fees, incurred in connection with or incident
to enforcing the Appeal Panel Award shall, to the maximum extent permitted by law, be charged against the party resisting such
enforcement. Judgment upon the Appeal Panel Award will be entered and enforced by a state or federal court sitting in New Castle
County, State of Delaware.

5.6 Relief. The
Appeal Panel shall have the right to award or include in the Appeal Panel Award any relief which the Appeal Panel deems
proper under the circumstances, including, without limitation, specific performance and injunctive relief, provided that the Appeal
Panel may not award exemplary or punitive damages.

5.7 Fees
and Costs. As part of the Appeal Panel Award, the Appeal Panel is hereby directed to require the losing party (the party
being awarded the least amount of money by the arbitrator, which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be determined without regard to
any statutory fines, penalties, fees, or other charges awarded to any party) to (a) pay the full amount of any unpaid costs and fees
of the Arbitration and the Appeal Panel, and (b) reimburse the prevailing party (the party being awarded the most amount of money by
the Appeal Panel, which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be determined without regard to any statutory fines, penalties, fees, or
other charges awarded to any part) the reasonable attorneys fees, arbitrator and Appeal Panel costs and fees, deposition
costs, other discovery costs, and other expenses, costs or fees paid or otherwise incurred by the prevailing party in connection
with the Arbitration (including without limitation in connection with the Appeal).

6.
Miscellaneous.

6.1 Severability. If
any part of these Arbitration Provisions is found to violate or be illegal under applicable law, then such provision shall be
modified to the minimum extent necessary to make such provision enforceable under applicable law, and the remainder of the
Arbitration Provisions shall remain unaffected and in full force and effect.

6.2 Governing
Law. These Arbitration Provisions shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to the conflict
of laws principles therein.

6.3 Interpretation.
The headings of these Arbitration Provisions are for convenience of reference only and shall not form part of, or affect the
interpretation of, these Arbitration Provisions.

6.4 Waiver.
No waiver of any provision of these Arbitration Provisions shall be effective unless it is in the form of a writing signed by
the party granting the waiver.

6.5 Time
is of the Essence. Time is expressly made of the essence with respect to each and every provision of these Arbitration
Provisions.

[Remainder
of page intentionally left blank]

EXHIBIT
D

(see
attached)

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES AS TO WHICH THIS SECURITY MAY BE EXERCISED HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR
TO SUCH EFFECT. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE
MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

YOSHIHARU
GLOBAL CO.

Warrant
Shares: _

Date
of Issuance: (Issuance
Date)

This
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, Crom Structured Opportunities
Fund I, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (including any permitted and registered assigns, the Holder), is
entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or
after the date of issuance hereof, to purchase from YOSHIHARU GLOBAL CO., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
shares of Common Stock (the Warrant Shares) (whereby such number may be adjusted from time to time pursuant
to the terms and conditions of this Warrant) at the Exercise Price per share then in effect. This Warrant is issued by the Company
as of the date hereof in connection with that certain equity purchase agreement dated January 6, 2025, by and among the Company and
the Holder (the Purchase Agreement).

Capitalized
terms used in this Warrant shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement unless otherwise defined in the body of this Warrant
or in Section 16 below. For purposes of this Warrant, the term Exercise Price shall mean $0.0001, subject to adjustment
as provided herein (including but not limited to cashless exercise), and the term Exercise Period shall mean the period
commencing on the Issuance Date and continuing until this Warrant is exercised in full.

1.
EXERCISE OF WARRANT.

(a) Mechanics
of Exercise. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the rights represented by this Warrant may be exercised in whole
or in part at any time or times during the Exercise Period by delivery of a written notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
A (the Exercise Notice), of the Holders election to exercise this Warrant. The Holder shall not be
required to deliver the original Warrant in order to effect an exercise hereunder. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in
purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding
number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. On or before
the second Trading Day (the Warrant Share Delivery Date) following the date on which the Holder sent the
Exercise Notice to the Company or the Companys transfer agent, and upon receipt by the Company of payment to the Company of
an amount equal to the applicable Exercise Price multiplied by the number of Warrant Shares as to which all or a portion of this
Warrant is being exercised (the Aggregate Exercise Price and together with the Exercise Notice, the
Exercise Delivery Documents) in cash or by wire transfer of immediately available funds (or by cashless
exercise, in which case there shall be no Aggregate Exercise Price provided), the Company shall (or direct its transfer agent to)
issue and deliver by overnight courier to the address as specified in the Exercise Notice, a certificate, registered in the
Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the
Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise (or deliver such shares of Common Stock in electronic format if requested by the
Holder). Upon delivery of the Exercise Delivery Documents, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the
holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery
of the certificates evidencing such Warrant Shares. If this Warrant is submitted in connection with any exercise and the number of
Warrant Shares represented by this Warrant submitted for exercise is greater than the number of Warrant Shares being acquired upon
an exercise, then the Company shall as soon as practicable and in no event later than three Business Days after any exercise and at
its own expense, issue a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 7) representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares
purchasable immediately prior to such exercise under this Warrant, less the number of Warrant Shares with respect to which this
Warrant is exercised.

1

If
the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to issue to the Holder the respective shares of Common Stock by the respective Warrant
Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise in Holders sole discretion in addition to all
other rights and remedies at law, under this Warrant, or otherwise, and such failure shall also be deemed a material breach under this
Warrant, and a material breach under the Purchase Agreement.

If
the Market Price of one share of Common Stock is greater than the Exercise Price, then, unless there is an effective non-stale registration
statement of the Company which contains a prospectus that complies with Section 5(b) and Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933 at
the time of exercise and covers the Holders immediate resale of all of the Warrant Shares at prevailing market prices (and not
fixed prices) without any limitation, the Holder may elect to receive Warrant Shares pursuant to a cashless exercise, in lieu of a cash
exercise, equal to the value of this Warrant determined in the manner described below (or of any portion thereof remaining unexercised)
by surrender of this Warrant and an Exercise Notice, in which event the Company shall issue to Holder a number of Common Stock computed
using the following formula:

X
= Y (A-B) 

A

Where X
= the
number of Shares to be issued to Holder.

Y
= the
number of Warrant Shares that the Holder elects to purchase under this

Warrant
(at the date of such calculation).

A
= the
Market Price (at the date of such calculation).

B
= Exercise
Price (as adjusted to the date of such calculation).

(b)
No Fractional Shares. No fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant as a consequence of any adjustment pursuant
hereto. All Warrant Shares (including fractions) issuable upon exercise of this Warrant may be aggregated for purposes of determining
whether the exercise would result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, after aggregation, the exercise would result in the issuance
of a fractional share, the Company shall, in lieu of issuance of any fractional share, pay the Holder otherwise entitled to such fraction
a sum in cash equal to the product resulting from multiplying the then-current fair market value of a Warrant Share by such fraction.

2

(c)
Holders Exercise Limitations; Exchange Cap. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company shall not
effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section
1 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Exercise Notice,
the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates), and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of
the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned
by the Holder and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with
respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon
(i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution
Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including,
without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation
contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding
sentence, for purposes of this Section 1(c), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange
Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Holder is solely responsible for
any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above
shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes
of this Section 1(c), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the
case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Companys
transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company
shall within three (3) Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding.
In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of
securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which
such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the
number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding at the time of the respective calculation hereunder. In addition to the beneficial ownership
limitations provided in this Warrant, the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued under this Warrant shall be
limited to the Exchange Cap (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) unless the Shareholder Approval (as defined in the Purchase Agreement)
(Shareholder Approval) is obtained by the Company. In the event that the Company is prohibited from issuing any shares
of Common Stock pursuant to this Warrant due to the Companys failure to obtain the Shareholder Approval (such number of shares
that are prohibited from being issued are referred to herein as the Exchange Cap Shares), in lieu of issuing and delivering
such Exchange Cap Shares to the Holder, the Company shall pay cash to the Holder in exchange for the cancellation of such portion of
this Warrant exercisable into such Exchange Cap Shares (the Exchange Cap Payment Amount) at a price equal to the sum of
(x) the product of (A) such number of Exchange Cap Shares and (B) the greatest Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on any Trading
Day during the period commencing on the date the Holder delivers the applicable Exercise Notice with respect to such Exchange Cap Shares
to the Company and ending on the date of the aforementioned payment under this Section 1(c) and (y) to the extent the Holder purchases
(in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of Exchange Cap
Shares, any brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any, of the Holder incurred in connection therewith. The limitations
contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

3

(d) Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder,
if the Company fails to cause the Companys transfer agent to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the
provisions of this Warrant (including but not limited to Section 1(a) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the respective
Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction
or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale
by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the
Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder, within one (1) Business Day of Holders request, the amount, if any, by which (x)
the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased
exceeds (y) the product of (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection
with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B)
at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such
exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder within one (1) Business
Day of Holders request the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with
its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases, or effectuates a cashless exercise hereunder
for, Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of
Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately
preceding sentence, the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice
indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of
such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in
equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys
failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

2.
ADJUSTMENTS. The Exercise Price and number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant are subject to adjustment
from time to time as set forth in this Section .

(a)
Stock Dividends and Splits. Without limiting any provision of Section 2(b), Section 3 or Section 4, if the Company, at any time on
or after the Issuance Date, (i) pays a stock dividend on one or more classes of its then outstanding shares of Common Stock or otherwise
makes a distribution on any class of capital stock that is payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivides (by any stock split, stock
dividend, recapitalization or otherwise) one or more classes of its then outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares
or (iii) combines (by combination, reverse stock split or otherwise) one or more classes of its then outstanding shares of Common Stock
into a smaller number of shares, then in each such case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall
be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of
shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to clause (i) of this paragraph shall become
effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution,
and any adjustment pursuant to clause (ii) or (iii) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the effective date of
such subdivision or combination. If any event requiring an adjustment under this paragraph occurs during the period that an Exercise
Price is calculated hereunder, then the calculation of such Exercise Price shall be adjusted appropriately to reflect such event.

(b)
[Intentionally Omitted]. 

(c)
[Intentionally Omitted].

(d)
[Intentionally Omitted].

(e)
[Intentionally Omitted].

(f)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 2 shall be made by rounding to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th
of a share, as applicable. The number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any given time shall not include shares owned or held
by or for the account of the Company, and the disposition of any such shares shall be considered an issuance or sale of Common Stock

(g)
Voluntary Adjustment By Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Principal Market, the Company may at any time during
the term of this Warrant, with the prior written consent of the Holder, reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for
any period of time deemed appropriate by the board of directors of the Company.

4

(h)
Number of Warrant Shares. Simultaneously with any adjustment to the Exercise Price pursuant to this Section 2, the number of Warrant
Shares that may be purchased upon exercise of this Warrant shall be increased or decreased proportionately, so that after such adjustment
the aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder for the adjusted number of Warrant Shares shall be the same as the aggregate Exercise
Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment (without regard to any limitations on exercise contained herein). For the avoidance
of doubt, the aggregate Exercise Price payable prior to such adjustment is calculated as follows: the total number of Warrant Shares
issuable upon exercise of this Warrant immediately prior to such adjustment (without regard to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) multiplied
by the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment. By way of example, if E is the total number of Warrant Shares issuable
upon exercise of this Warrant immediately prior to such adjustment (without regard to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation), F is the
Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment, and G is the Exercise Price in effect immediately after such adjustment,
the adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares can be expressed in the following formula: Total number of Warrant Shares after such adjustment
= the number obtained from dividing [E x F] by G.

(i)
Notice. In addition to all other notice(s) required under this Section 2, the Company shall also notify the Holder in writing,
no later than the Trading Day following any adjustment to the Warrant under this Section 2, indicating therein the occurrence of such
applicable exercise price and warrant share adjustment (such notice the Adjustment Notice). For purposes of clarification,
regardless of whether (i) the Company provides an Adjustment Notice pursuant to this Section 2 or (ii) the Holder accurately refers to
the number of Warrant Shares or Exercise Price in the Exercise Notice, the Holder is entitled to receive the adjustments to the number
of Warrant Shares and Exercise Price at all times on and after the date of such adjustment event.

3.
RIGHTS UPON DISTRIBUTION OF ASSETS. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 2 above or Section 4(a) below, if the Company
shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common
Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities,
property, options, evidence of indebtedness or any other assets by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement,
scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then,
in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated
therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard
to any limitations or restrictions on exercise of this Warrant, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately
before the date on which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders
of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, that to the extent that
the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the extent of the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation (and shall not be entitled to beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution
(and beneficial ownership) to the extent of any such excess) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit
of the Holder until such time or times, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, at which time or times the Holder shall be granted such Distribution (and any Distributions
declared or made on such initial Distribution or on any subsequent Distribution held similarly in abeyance) to the same extent as if
there had been no such limitation).

5

4.
PURCHASE RIGHTS; FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTIONS.

(a)
Purchase Rights. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Sections 2 or 3 above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or
sells any Options, Convertible Securities or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record
holders of any class of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms
applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number
of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations or restrictions on exercise
of this Warrant, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is
taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders
of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however,
that to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder and the other Attribution
Parties exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to
the extent of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (and shall not be entitled to beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as
a result of such Purchase Right (and beneficial ownership) to the extent of any such excess) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall
be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time or times, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder
and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, at which time or times the Holder shall be granted such
right (and any Purchase Right granted, issued or sold on such initial Purchase Right or on any subsequent Purchase Right held similarly
in abeyance) to the same extent as if there had been no such limitation).

(b) Fundamental
Transactions. The Company shall not enter into or be party to a Fundamental Transaction unless the Successor Entity assumes in
writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents (as defined in the Purchase
Agreement) in accordance with the provisions of this Section 4(b) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance satisfactory
to the Holder and approved by the Holder prior to such Fundamental Transaction, including agreements to deliver to the Holder in
exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and
substance to this Warrant, including, without limitation, which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock
equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations
on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price
hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such
Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such adjustments to the number of shares of capital stock and
such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of
such Fundamental Transaction). Upon the consummation of each Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be
substituted for (so that from and after the date of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant and the
other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise
every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other
Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein. Upon consummation of
each Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall deliver to the Holder confirmation that there shall be issued upon exercise
of this Warrant at any time after the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, in lieu of the shares of Common Stock
(or other securities, cash, assets or other property (except such items still issuable under Sections 3 and 4(a) above, which shall
continue to be receivable thereafter)) issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant prior to the applicable Fundamental Transaction,
such shares of publicly traded common stock (or its equivalent) of the Successor Entity (including its Parent Entity) which the
Holder would have been entitled to receive upon the happening of the applicable Fundamental Transaction had this Warrant been
exercised immediately prior to the applicable Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this
Warrant), as adjusted in accordance with the provisions of this Warrant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and without limiting Section
1(c) hereof, the Holder may elect, at its sole option, by delivery of written notice to the Company to waive this Section 4(b) to
permit the Fundamental Transaction without the assumption of this Warrant. In addition to and not in substitution for any other
rights hereunder, prior to the consummation of each Fundamental Transaction pursuant to which holders of shares of Common Stock are
entitled to receive securities or other assets with respect to or in exchange for shares of Common Stock (a Corporate
Event), the Company shall make appropriate provision to insure that the Holder will thereafter have the right to receive upon
an exercise of this Warrant at any time after the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction but prior to the Expiration
Date, in lieu of the shares of the Common Stock (or other securities, cash, assets or other property (except such items still
issuable under Sections 3 and 4(a) above, which shall continue to be receivable thereafter)) issuable upon the exercise of the
Warrant prior to such Fundamental Transaction, such shares of stock, securities, cash, assets or any other property whatsoever
(including warrants or other purchase or subscription rights) which the Holder would have been entitled to receive upon the
happening of the applicable Fundamental Transaction had this Warrant been exercised immediately prior to the applicable Fundamental
Transaction (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) (the Corporate Event Consideration).
Provision made pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be in a form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder.

6

(c)
Black Scholes Value.

(i)
Change of Control Redemption. Notwithstanding the foregoing and the provisions of Section 4(b) above, at the request of the Holder
delivered at any time commencing on the earliest to occur of (A) the public disclosure of any Change of Control, (B) the consummation
of any Change of Control and (C) the Holder first becoming aware of any Change of Control through the date that is ninety (90) days after
the public disclosure of the consummation of such Change of Control by the Company pursuant to a Report on Form 8-K or Report of Foreign
Issuer on Form 6-K filed with the SEC, the Company or the Successor Entity (as the case may be) shall exchange this Warrant for consideration
equal to the Black Scholes Value of such portion of this Warrant subject to exchange (collectively, the Aggregate Black Scholes
Value) in the form of, at the Holders election (such election to pay in cash or by delivery of the Rights (as defined below),
a Consideration Election), either (I) rights (with a beneficial ownership limitation in the form of Section 1(c) hereof,
mutatis mutandis) (collectively, the Rights), convertible in whole, or in part, at any time, without the requirement
to pay any additional consideration, at the option of the Holder, into such Corporate Event Consideration applicable to such Change of
Control equal in value to the Aggregate Black Scholes Value (as determined in accordance with Section 2(b)(iv) above, but with the aggregate
number of Successor Shares (as defined below) issuable upon conversion of the Rights to be determined in increments of 10% (or such greater
percentage as the Holder may notify the Company from time to time) of the portion of the Aggregate Black Scholes Value attributable to
such Successor Shares (the Successor Share Value Increment), with the aggregate number of Successor Shares issuable upon
exercise of the Rights with respect to the first Successor Share Value Increment determined based on 70% of the Closing Bid Price of
the Successor Shares on the date the Rights are issued and on each of the nine (9) subsequent Trading Days, in each case, the aggregate
number of additional Successor Shares issuable upon exercise of the Rights shall be determined based upon a Successor Share Value Increment
at 70% of the Closing Bid Price of the Successor Shares in effect for such corresponding Trading Day (such ten (10) Trading Day period
commencing on, and including, the date the Rights are issued, the Rights Measuring Period)), or (II) in cash; provided,
that the Company shall not consummate a Change of Control if the Corporate Event Consideration includes share capital or other equity
interest (the Successor Shares) either in an entity that is not listed on an Eligible Market or an entity in which the
daily share volume for the applicable Successor Shares for each of the twenty (20) Trading Days prior to the date of consummation of
such Change of Control is less than the aggregate number of Successor Shares issuable to the Holder upon conversion in full of the applicable
Rights (without regard to any limitations on conversion therein, assuming the exercise in full of the Rights on the date of issuance
of the Rights and assuming the Closing Bid Price of the Successor Shares for each Trading Day in the Rights Measuring Period is the Closing
Bid Price on the Trading Day ended immediately prior to the time of consummation of the Change of Control). The Company shall give the
Holder written notice of each Consideration Election at least twenty (20) Trading Days prior to the time of consummation of such Change
of Control. Payment of such amounts or delivery of the Rights, as applicable, shall be made by the Company (or at the Companys
direction) to the Holder on or prior to the later of (x) the second (2nd) Trading Day after the date of such request and (y) the date
of consummation of such Change of Control (or, with respect to any Right, if applicable, such later time that holders of Common Stock
are initially entitled to receive Corporate Event Consideration with respect to the Common Stock of such holder). Any Corporate Event
Consideration included in the Right, if any, pursuant to this Section 4(c)(i) is pani passu with the Corporate Event Consideration
to be paid to holders of Common Stock and the Company shall not permit a payment of any Corporate Event Consideration to the holders
of Common Stock without on or prior to such time delivering the Right to the Holder hereunder.

7

(d)
Application. The provisions of this Section 4 shall apply similarly and equally to successive Fundamental Transactions and Corporate
Events and shall be applied as if this Warrant (and any such subsequent warrants) were fully exercisable and without regard to any limitations
on the exercise of this Warrant (provided that the Holder shall continue to be entitled to the benefit of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
applied however with respect to shares of capital stock registered under the 1934 Act and thereafter receivable upon exercise of this
Warrant (or any such other warrant)).

5. NON-CIRCUMVENTION.
The Company covenants and agrees that it will not, by amendment of its articles of incorporation, bylaws or through any
reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any
other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, and will at all
times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Warrant and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the
Holder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (i) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Common
Stock receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect, (ii) shall take all such actions as may
be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common
Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (iii) shall, for so long as this Warrant is outstanding, have authorized and reserved,
free from preemptive rights, four (4) times the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Warrants are then exercisable into
to provide for the exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise).

6. WARRANT
HOLDER NOT DEEMED A STOCKHOLDER. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, the Holder, solely in its capacity as
a holder of this Warrant, shall not be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of share capital of the Company
for any purpose, nor shall anything contained in this Warrant be construed to confer upon the Holder, solely in its capacity as the
Holder of this Warrant, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote, give or withhold consent to any
corporate action (whether any reorganization, issue of stock, reclassification of stock, consolidation, merger, conveyance or
otherwise), receive notice of meetings, receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, prior to the issuance to the Holder
of the Warrant Shares which it is then entitled to receive upon the due exercise of this Warrant. In addition, nothing contained in
this Warrant shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant
or otherwise) or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company. Notwithstanding this Section 6, the Company shall provide the Holder with copies of the same notices and other information
given to the stockholders of the Company generally, contemporaneously with the giving thereof to the stockholders.

7.
REISSUANCE.

(a)
Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Warrant. If this Warrant is lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed, the Company will, on such terms as to
indemnity or otherwise as it may reasonably impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Warrant, include the surrender thereof),
issue a new Warrant of like denomination and tenor as this Warrant so lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed.

(b)
Issuance of New Warrants. Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, such new
Warrant shall be of like tenor with this Warrant, and shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant which
is the same as the Issuance Date.

8. TRANSFER.
This Warrant shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and
its successors and assigns. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the rights, interests or obligations of the Company
hereunder may not be assigned, by operation of law or otherwise, in whole or in part, by the Company without the prior signed
written consent of the Holder, which consent may be withheld at the sole discretion of the Holder (any such assignment or transfer
shall be null and void if the Company does not obtain the prior signed written consent of the Holder). This Warrant or any of the
severable rights and obligations inuring to the benefit of or to be performed by Holder hereunder may be assigned by Holder to a
third party, in whole or in part, without the need to obtain the Companys consent thereto.

8

9.
NOTICES. Whenever notice is required to be given under this Warrant, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given
in accordance with the notice provisions contained in the Purchase Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written
notice (i) immediately upon any adjustment of the Exercise Price, setting forth in reasonable detail, the calculation of such adjustment
and (ii) at least 20 days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend
or distribution upon the shares of Common Stock, (B) with respect to any grants, issuances or sales of any stock or other securities
directly or indirectly convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock or other property, pro rata to the
holders of shares of Common Stock or (C) for determining rights to vote with respect to any Fundamental Transaction, dissolution or liquidation,
provided in each case that such information shall be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with such notice being provided
to the Holder.

10.
DISCLOSURE. Upon delivery by the Company to the Holder (or receipt by the Company from the Holder) of any notice in accordance with
the terms of this Warrant, unless the Company has in good faith determined that the matters relating to such notice do not constitute
material, non-public information relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the Company shall on or prior to 9:00 am, New York
city time on the Business Day immediately following such notice delivery date, publicly disclose such material, non-public information
on a Current Report on Form 8-K or otherwise. In the event that the Company believes that a notice contains material, non-public information
relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the Company so shall indicate to the Holder explicitly in writing in such notice
(or immediately upon receipt of notice from the Holder, as applicable), and in the absence of any such written indication in such notice
(or notification from the Company immediately upon receipt of notice from the Holder), the Holder shall be entitled to presume that information
contained in the notice does not constitute material, non-public information relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Nothing
contained in this Section 10 shall limit any obligations of the Company, or any rights of the Holder, under the Purchase Agreement.

11.
ABSENCE OF TRADING AND DISCLOSURE RESTRICTIONS. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Holder is not a fiduciary or agent of
the Company and that the Holder shall have no obligation to (a) maintain the confidentiality of any information provided by the Company
or (b) refrain from trading any securities while in possession of such information in the absence of a written non-disclosure agreement
signed by an officer of the Holder that explicitly provides for such confidentiality and trading restrictions. In the absence of such
an executed, written non-disclosure agreement and subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws, the Company acknowledges
that the Holder may freely trade in any securities issued by the Company, may possess and use any information provided by the Company
in connection with such trading activity, and may disclose any such information to any third party.

12.
AMENDMENT AND WAIVER. The terms of this Warrant may be amended or waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either
retroactively or prospectively) only with the signed written consent of the Company and the Holder.

9

13.
ARBITRATION OF CLAIMS; GOVERNING LAW; AND VENUE. The Company and Holder shall submit all Claims (as defined in Exhibit C of the Purchase
Agreement) (the Claims) arising under this Warrant or any other agreement between the parties and their affiliates or any
Claim relating to the relationship of the parties to binding arbitration pursuant to the arbitration provisions set forth in Exhibit
C of the Purchase Agreement (the Arbitration Provisions). The Company and Holder hereby acknowledge and agree that the
Arbitration Provisions are unconditionally binding on the Company and Holder hereto and are severable from all other provisions of this
Warrant. By executing this Warrant, Company represents, warrants and covenants that Company has reviewed the Arbitration Provisions carefully,
consulted with legal counsel about such provisions (or waived its right to do so), understands that the Arbitration Provisions are intended
to allow for the expeditious and efficient resolution of any dispute hereunder, agrees to the terms and limitations set forth in the
Arbitration Provisions, and that Company will not take a position contrary to the foregoing representations. The Company acknowledges
and agrees that Holder may rely upon the foregoing representations and covenants of the Company regarding the Arbitration Provisions.
This Warrant shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation
and performance of this Warrant shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice
of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application
of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Delaware. The Company and Holder consent to and expressly agree that the exclusive
venue for arbitration of any Claims arising under this Warrant or any other agreement between the Company and Holder or their respective
affiliates (including but not limited to the Transaction Documents) or any Claim relating to the relationship of the Company and Holder
or their respective affiliates shall be in New Castle County, State of Delaware. Without modifying the Companys and Holders
obligations to resolve disputes hereunder pursuant to the Arbitration Provisions, for any litigation arising in connection with any of
the Transaction Documents (and notwithstanding the terms (specifically including any governing law and venue terms) of any transfer agent
services agreement or other agreement between the Companys transfer agent and the Company, such litigation specifically includes,
without limitation any action between or involving Company and the Companys transfer agent under the Transfer Agent Instruction
Letter (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) or otherwise related to Holder in any way (specifically including, without limitation,
any action where Company seeks to obtain an injunction, temporary restraining order, or otherwise prohibit the Companys transfer
agent from issuing shares of Common Stock to Holder for any reason)), each party hereto hereby (i) consents to and expressly submits
to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of any state or federal court sitting in New Castle County, State of Delaware, (ii) expressly
submits to the exclusive venue of any such court for the purposes hereof, (iii) agrees to not bring any such action (specifically including,
without limitation, any action where Company seeks to obtain an injunction, temporary restraining order, or otherwise prohibit the Companys
transfer agent from issuing shares of Common Stock to Holder for any reason) outside of any state or federal court sitting in New Castle
County, State of Delaware, and (iv) waives any claim of improper venue and any claim or objection that such courts are an inconvenient
forum or any other claim, defense or objection to the bringing of any such proceeding in such jurisdiction or to any claim that such
venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper. Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, nothing herein (i) shall
limit, or shall be deemed or construed to limit, the ability of the Holder to realize on any collateral or any other security, or the
ability of either party hereto to enforce a judgment or other court ruling in favor of such party, including through a legal action in
any court of competent jurisdiction, or (ii) shall limit, or shall be deemed or construed to limit, any provision of Section 15 of this
Warrant. Each party hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any objection to jurisdiction
and venue of any action instituted hereunder, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, and
any claim that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding
is improper (including but not limited to based upon forum non conveniens). EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT
IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT
OF THIS WARRANT OR ANY TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. Each party hereto irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents
to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Warrant or any other agreement, certificate, instrument
or document contemplated hereby or thereby by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence
of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute
good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to
serve process in any other manner permitted by law. The prevailing party in any action or dispute brought in connection with this Warrant
or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby shall be entitled to recover from the other
party its reasonable attorneys fees and costs. If any provision of this Warrant shall be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction,
such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Warrant in that jurisdiction
or the validity or enforceability of any provision of this Warrant in any other jurisdiction.

10

14.
ACCEPTANCE. Receipt of this Warrant by the Holder shall constitute acceptance of and agreement to all of the terms and conditions
contained herein.

15.
DISPUTE RESOLUTION.

(a)
Submission to Dispute Resolution.

(i)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Warrant, in the case of a dispute relating to the Exercise Price, the Closing Sale Price,
the Closing Bid Price, Black Scholes Value or fair market value or the arithmetic calculation of the number of Warrant Shares (as the
case may be) (including, without limitation, a dispute relating to the determination of any of the foregoing) (the Warrant Calculations),
the Company or the Holder (as the case may be) shall submit the dispute to the other party via electronic mail (A) if by the Company,
within two (2) Trading Days after the occurrence of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute or (B) if by the Holder, at any time
after the Holder learned of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute. If the Holder and the Company are unable to agree upon such
determination or calculation within two (2) Trading Days following such initial notice by the Company or the Holder (as the case may
be) of such dispute to the Company or the Holder (as the case may be), then the Holder may, at its sole option, submit the dispute to
an independent, reputable investment bank or independent, outside accountant selected by the Holder (the Independent Third Party),
and the Company shall pay all expenses of such Independent Third Party.

(ii)
The Holder and the Company shall each deliver to such Independent Third Party (A) a copy of the initial dispute submission so delivered
in accordance with the first sentence of this Section 15(a) and (B) written documentation supporting its position with respect to such
dispute, in each case, no later than 5:00 p.m. (New York time) by second (2nd) Business Day immediately following the date on which the
Holder selected such Independent Third Party (the Dispute Submission Deadline) (the documents referred to in the immediately
preceding clauses (A) and (B) are collectively referred to herein as the Required Dispute Documentation) (it being understood
and agreed that if either the Holder or the Company fails to so deliver all of the Required Dispute Documentation by the Dispute Submission
Deadline, then the party who fails to so submit all of the Required Dispute Documentation shall no longer be entitled to (and hereby
waives its right to) deliver or submit any written documentation or other support to such Independent Third Party with respect to such
dispute and such Independent Third Party shall resolve such dispute based solely on the Required Dispute Documentation that was delivered
to such Independent Third Party prior to the Dispute Submission Deadline). Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by both the Company
and the Holder or otherwise requested by such Independent Third Party, neither the Company nor the Holder shall be entitled to deliver
or submit any written documentation or other support to such Independent Third Party in connection with such dispute, other than the
Required Dispute Documentation.

(iii)
The Company and the Holder shall cause such Independent Third Party to determine the resolution of such dispute and notify the Company
and the Holder of such resolution no later than five (5) Business Days immediately following the Dispute Submission Deadline. The fees
and expenses of such Independent Third Party shall be borne solely by the Company, and such Independent Third Partys resolution
of such dispute shall be final and binding upon all parties absent manifest error.

(b)
Miscellaneous. The Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) this Section 15 constitutes an agreement to arbitrate between
the Company and the Holder (and constitutes an arbitration agreement) under the rules then in effect under the Delaware Rules of Civil
Procedure (DRCP) and that the Holder is authorized to apply for an order to compel arbitration pursuant to the DRCP in
order to compel compliance with this Section 15, (ii) a dispute relating to the Warrant Calculations includes, without limitation, disputes
as to (A) whether an issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale of Common Stock occurred under Section 2 of this Warrant, (B) the consideration
per share at which an issuance or deemed issuance of Common Stock occurred, (C) whether any issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale
of Common Stock was an issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale, and (D) whether an agreement, instrument, security or the like constitutes
an Option or Convertible Security, (iii) the terms of this Warrant and each other applicable Transaction Document shall serve as the
basis for the selected Independent Third Partys resolution of the applicable dispute, such Independent Third Party shall be entitled
(and is hereby expressly authorized) to make all findings, determinations and the like that such Independent Third Party determines are
required to be made by such Independent Third Party in connection with its resolution of such dispute (including, without limitation,
determining (A) whether an issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale of Common Stock occurred under Section 2 of this Warrant, (B)
the consideration per share at which an issuance or deemed issuance of Common Stock occurred, (C) whether any issuance or sale or deemed
issuance or sale of Common Stock was an issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale, and (D) whether an agreement, instrument, security
or the like constitutes an Option or Convertible Security) and in resolving such dispute such Independent Third Party shall apply such
findings, determinations and the like to the terms of this Warrant and any other applicable Transaction Documents, and (iv) nothing in
this Section 15 shall limit the Holder from obtaining any injunctive relief or other equitable remedies (including, without limitation,
with respect to any matters described in this Section 15).

11

16.
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS. For purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a)
Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled
by, or is under common control with, such Person, it being understood for purposes of this definition that control of a
Person means the power directly or indirectly either to vote 10% or more of the stock having ordinary voting power for the election of
directors of such Person or direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by contract or otherwise.

(b)
[Intentionally Omitted].

(c)
Black Scholes Value means the value of the unexercised portion of this Warrant remaining on the date of the Holders
request pursuant to Section 4(c)(i), which value is calculated using the Black Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV
function on Bloomberg utilizing (i) an underlying price per share equal to the greater of (1) the highest Closing Sale Price of the Common
Stock during the period beginning on the Trading Day immediately preceding the announcement of the applicable Change of Control (or the
consummation of the applicable Change of Control, if earlier) and ending on the Trading Day of the Holders request pursuant to
Section 4(c)(i) and (2) the sum of the price per share being offered in cash in the applicable Change of Control (if any) plus the value
of the non-cash consideration being offered in the applicable Change of Control (if any), (ii) a strike price equal to the Exercise Price
in effect on the date of the Holders request pursuant to Section 4(c)(i), (iii) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the
U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the greater of (1) the remaining term of this Warrant as of the date of the Holders request
pursuant to Section 4(c)(i) and (2) the remaining term of this Warrant as of the date of consummation of the applicable Change of Control
or as of the date of the Holders request pursuant to Section 4(c)(i) if such request is prior to the date of the consummation
of the applicable Change of Control, (iv) a zero cost of borrow and (v) an expected volatility equal to the greater of 100% and the 30
day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365 day annualization factor) as of
the Trading Day immediately following the earliest to occur of (A) the public disclosure of the applicable Change of Control and (B)
the date of the Holders request pursuant to Section 4(c)(i).

(d)
Bloomberg means Bloomberg, L.P.

(e)
Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in the State of Delaware
are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be
deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential
employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental
authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in the State of Delaware
generally are open for use by customers on such day.

(f)
Change of Control means any Fundamental Transaction other than (i) any merger of the Company or any of its,
direct or indirect, wholly-owned Subsidiaries with or into any of the foregoing Persons, (ii) any reorganization, recapitalization
or reclassification of the shares of Common Stock in which holders of the Companys voting power immediately prior to such
reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification continue after such reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification to
hold publicly traded securities and, directly or indirectly, are, in all material respects, the holders of the voting power of the
surviving entity (or entities with the authority or voting power to elect the members of the board of directors (or their equivalent
if other than a corporation) of such entity or entities) after such reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification, (iii)
pursuant to a migratory merger effected solely for the purpose of changing the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries or (iv) bone fide arms length acquisitions by the Company with one or more third parties as long as
holders of the Companys voting power as of the Issuance Date continue after such acquisition to hold publicly traded
securities and, directly or indirectly, are, in all material respects, the holders of at least 51% of the voting power of the
surviving entity (or entities with the authority or voting power to elect the members of the board of directors (or their equivalent
if other than a corporation) of such entity or entities) after such acquisition.

12

(g)
Closing Bid Price and Closing Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, (i) the last
closing bid price and last closing trade price, respectively, for such security on the Principal Market, as reported by Quotestream or
other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, or, if the Principal Market begins to operate on an extended hours
basis and does not designate the closing trade price, then the last trade price of such security prior to 4:00 p.m., New York time, as
reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, or (ii) if the foregoing does not apply,
the last trade price of such security in the over-the-counter market for such security as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation
service provider designated by the Holder, or (iii) if no last trade price is reported for such security by Quotestream or other similar
quotation service provider designated by the Holder, the average of the bid and ask prices of any market makers for such security as
reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder. If the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated
for a security on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Sale Price of such security on such date shall be the
fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. If the Company and the Holder are unable to agree upon the fair
market value of such security, then such dispute shall be resolved in accordance with the procedures in Section 15. All such determinations
to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination or other similar transaction during the applicable
calculation period.

(h)
Common Stock means the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001, and any other class of securities into which
such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

(i)
Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company that would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at
any time Common Stock, including without limitation any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

(e)
Convertible Securities means any stock or other security (other than Options) that is at any time and under any
circumstances, directly or indirectly, convertible into, exercisable or exchangeable for, or which otherwise entitles the holder
thereof to acquire, any shares of Common Stock.

(f)
Eligible Market means The New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the
Nasdaq Global Market, Nasdaq Capital Market, or equivalent national securities exchange.

(g)
Event Market Price means, with respect to any Stock Combination Event Date, the quotient determined by dividing
(x) the sum of the VWAP of the Common Stock for each of the five (5) lowest Trading Days during the twenty (20) consecutive Trading
Day period ending and including the Trading Day immediately preceding the sixteenth (16th) Trading Day after such Stock Combination
Event Date, divided by (y) five (5). All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split,
stock combination, recapitalization or other similar transaction during such period.

(h)
[Intentionally Omitted].

13

(i)
Excluded Issuance means the issuance or deemed issuance of (i) shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible
Securities issued or issuable to directors, officers, employees or consultants of the Company in connection with their service as
directors of the Company, their employment by the Company or their retention as consultants by the Company pursuant to an equity
compensation program or arrangement approved by the Board or the compensation committee of the Board; (ii) shares of Common Stock
issued or issuable pursuant to any event for which adjustment is made pursuant to Section 2(a); (iii) shares of Common Stock,
Options or Convertible Securities issued or issuable pursuant to and as consideration for (A) the acquisition of another corporation
or other entity by the Company, by merger, purchase of stock or other equity interests, purchase of substantially all of the assets
or other reorganization approved by the Board, or (B) an acquisition of assets from another corporation or other entity approved by
the Board; (iv) shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities issued or issuable as consideration in connection with a
strategic transaction or joint venture approved by the Board relating to the operation of the Companys or any
Subsidiarys business and not for the primary purpose of raising equity capital, or (v) shares of Common Stock issued upon the
exercise of the Warrants.

(j)
Options means any rights, warrants or options to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock or
Convertible Securities.

(k)
Fundamental Transaction means (A) that the Company shall, directly or indirectly, including through
subsidiaries, Affiliates or otherwise, in one or more related transactions, (i) consolidate or merge with or into (whether or not
the Company is the surviving corporation) another Subject Entity, or (ii) sell, assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of all
or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries (as defined in
Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X) to one or more Subject Entities, or (iii) make, or allow one or more Subject Entities to make, or allow
the Company to be subject to or have its Common Stock be subject to or party to one or more Subject Entities making, a purchase,
tender or exchange offer that is accepted by the holders of at least either (x) 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, (y)
50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock calculated as if any shares of Common Stock held by all Subject Entities making or
party to, or Affiliated with any Subject Entities making or party to, such purchase, tender or exchange offer were not outstanding;
or (z) such number of shares of Common Stock such that all Subject Entities making or party to, or Affiliated with any Subject
Entity making or party to, such purchase, tender or exchange offer, become collectively the beneficial owners (as defined in Rule
13d-3 under the 1934 Act) of at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, or (iv) consummate a stock or share purchase
agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of
arrangement) with one or more Subject Entities whereby all such Subject Entities, individually or in the aggregate, acquire, either
(x) at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, (y) at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock calculated as
if any shares of Common Stock held by all the Subject Entities making or party to, or Affiliated with any Subject Entity making or
party to, such stock purchase agreement or other business combination were not outstanding; or (z) such number of shares of Common
Stock such that the Subject Entities become collectively the beneficial owners (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act) of at
least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, or (v) reorganize, recapitalize or reclassify its Common Stock, (B) that the
Company shall, directly or indirectly, including through subsidiaries, Affiliates or otherwise, in one or more related transactions,
allow any Subject Entity individually or the Subject Entities in the aggregate to be or become the beneficial owner
(as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act), directly or indirectly, whether through acquisition, purchase, assignment,
conveyance, tender, tender offer, exchange, reduction in outstanding shares of Common Stock, merger, consolidation, business
combination, reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, scheme of arrangement, reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification
or otherwise in any manner whatsoever, of either (x) at least 50% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and
outstanding Common Stock, (y) at least 50% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and outstanding Common Stock
not held by all such Subject Entities as of the date of this Warrant calculated as if any shares of Common Stock held by all such
Subject Entities were not outstanding, or (z) a percentage of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and
outstanding shares of Common Stock or other equity securities of the Company sufficient to allow such Subject Entities to effect a
statutory short form merger or other transaction requiring other shareholders of the Company to surrender their shares of Common
Stock without approval of the shareholders of the Company or (C) directly or indirectly, including through subsidiaries, Affiliates
or otherwise, in one or more related transactions, the issuance of or the entering into any other instrument or transaction
structured in a manner to circumvent, or that circumvents, the intent of this definition in which case this definition shall be
construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this definition to the extent necessary
to correct this definition or any portion of this definition which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended treatment of
such instrument or transaction.

14

(l)
Parent Entity of a Person means an entity that, directly or indirectly, controls the applicable Person and
whose common stock or equivalent equity security is quoted or listed on an Eligible Market, or, if there is more than one such
Person or Parent Entity, the Person or Parent Entity with the largest public market capitalization as of the date of consummation of
the Fundamental Transaction.

(m)
Person and Persons means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a
joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other entity and any governmental entity or any
department or agency thereof.

(j)
Principal Market means the principal securities exchange or trading market where such Common Stock is listed or
quoted, including but not limited to any tier of the OTC Markets, any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market (including NASDAQ Capital Market),
or the NYSE American, or any successor to such markets.

(k)
Market Price means the highest traded price of the Common Stock during the thirty Trading Days prior to the date
of the respective Exercise Notice.

(l)
Successor Entity means the Person (or, if so elected by the Holder, the Parent Entity) formed by, resulting from
or surviving any Fundamental Transaction or the Person (or, if so elected by the Holder, the Parent Entity) with which such Fundamental
Transaction shall have been entered into.

(m)
Trading Day means any day on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted on its Principal Market, provided, however,
that if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted on any Principal Market, then any calendar day.

(n)
[Intentionally Omitted].

(o)
VWAP means, for any security as of any date, the dollar volume-weighted average price for such security on the Principal
Market (or, if the Principal Market is not the principal trading market for such security, then on the principal securities exchange
or securities market on which such security is then traded), during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00
p.m., New York time, as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder through its VAP
function (set to 09:30 start time and 16:00 end time) or, if the foregoing does not apply, the dollar volume-weighted average price of
such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m.,
New York time, and ending at 4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated
by the Holder, or, if no dollar volume-weighted average price is reported for such security by Quotestream or other similar quotation
service provider designated by the Holder for such hours, the average of the highest closing bid price and the lowest closing ask price
of any of the market makers for such security as reported in The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to
its functions of reporting prices). If the VWAP cannot be calculated for such security on such date on any of the foregoing bases, the
VWAP of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. If the Company
and the Holder are unable to agree upon the fair market value of such security, then such dispute shall be resolved in accordance with
the procedures in Section 15. All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination,
recapitalization or other similar transaction during such period.

*
* * * * * *

15

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set forth above.

YOSHIHARU
GLOBAL CO.

Name: James
Chae

Title: Chief
Executive Officer

EXHIBIT
A 

EXERCISE
NOTICE

(To
be executed by the registered holder to exercise this Common Stock Purchase Warrant)

THE
UNDERSIGNED holder hereby exercises the right to purchase of the shares of Common Stock (Warrant Shares) of YOSHIHARU
GLOBAL CO., a Delaware corporation (the Company), evidenced by the attached copy of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant
(the Warrant). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in
the Warrant.

1. Form
of Exercise Price. The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall be made as (check one):

a cash exercise with respect to Warrant Shares; or

by cashless exercise pursuant to the Warrant.

2. Payment
of Exercise Price. If cash exercise is selected above, the holder shall pay the applicable Aggregate Exercise Price in the sum
of $ to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

3. Delivery
of Warrant Shares. The Company shall deliver to the holder Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

Date:

(Print
Name of Registered Holder)

By:

Name:

Title:

EXHIBIT
B 

ASSIGNMENT
OF WARRANT

(To
be signed only upon authorized transfer of the Warrant)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns, and transfers unto the right to purchase shares of common stock of
YOSHIHARU GLOBAL CO., to which the within Common Stock
Purchase Warrant relates and appoints , as attorney-in-fact, to transfer said right on the books of YOSHIHARU GLOBAL CO. with
full power of substitution and re-substitution in the premises. By accepting such transfer, the transferee has agreed to be bound in
all respects by the terms and conditions of the within Warrant.

Dated:_________________________

(Signature)
*_________________

(Name)_____________________

(Address)___________________

(Social
Security or Tax Identification No.)____________

*
The signature on this Assignment of Warrant must correspond to the name as written upon the face of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant
in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever. When signing on behalf of a corporation, partnership,
trust or other entity, please indicate your position(s) and title(s) with such entity.

EXHIBIT
E

FORM
OF SETTLEMENT NOTICE

TO:
YOSHIHARU GLOBAL CO.

DATE:______________________________

We
refer to the equity purchase agreement, dated January 6, 2025 (the Agreement), entered into by and between Yoshiharu
Global Co. and you. Capitalized terms defined in the Agreement shall, unless otherwise defined herein, have the same meaning when used
herein.

We
hereby confirm the following with respect to the Advance Notice dated :

1)
Advance Shares purchased pursuant to the Advance Notice:______________________ ; and

2)
The Purchase Price per share pursuant to the Agreement:_________________________ ; and

3)
The Investor Costs pursuant to the Agreement: ________________________________; and

4)
The Investment Amount pursuant to the Agreement:_____________________________ ; and

5)
The Closing Date with respect to the Advance Notice:____________________________ .

INVESTOR:

CROM
STRUCTURED OPPORTUNITIES FUND I, LP

By:
CROM STRUCTURED OPPORTUNITIES FUND I GP, LLC, its General Partner

By:
CROM CORTANA FUND LLC, member of the General Partner

By:

Name: Liam
Sherif 

Title:
Authorized
Signatory
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

REGISTRATION
RIGHTS AGREEMENT

REGISTRATION
RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of January 6, 2025, by and between YOSHIHARU GLOBAL CO., a
Delaware corporation (the Company), and CROM STRUCTURED OPPORTUNITIES FUND I, LP, a Delaware limited partnership
(together with it permitted assigns, the Investor). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein
shall have the respective meanings set forth in the equity purchase agreement by and between the parties hereto, dated as of the date
hereof (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Purchase Agreement).

WHEREAS:

The
Company has agreed, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Purchase Agreement, to sell to the Investor up to Ten Million
Dollars ($10,000,000.00) of Advance Shares (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) and to induce the Investor to enter into the Purchase
Agreement, the Company has agreed to provide certain registration rights under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules
and regulations thereunder, or any similar successor statute (collectively, the Securities Act), and applicable
state securities laws.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Investor hereby agree as follows:

1.
DEFINITIONS.

As
used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

a.
Investor shall have the meaning set forth above.

b.
Person means any individual or entity including but not limited to any corporation, a limited liability company,
an association, a partnership, an organization, a business, an individual, a governmental or political subdivision thereof or a governmental
agency.

c.
Register, registered, and registration refer to a registration effected
by preparing and filing one or more registration statements of the Company in compliance with the Securities Act and/or pursuant to Rule
415 under the Securities Act or any successor rule providing for offering securities on a continuous basis (Rule 415),
and the declaration or ordering of effectiveness of such registration statement(s) by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC).

d.
Registrable Securities means all of the Advance Shares which have been, or which may, from time to time be issued,
including without limitation all of the shares of Common Stock (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (the Common Stock)
which have been issued or will be issued to the Investor under the Purchase Agreement (without regard to any beneficial ownership or
restriction on purchases therein), all of the Commitment Shares (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (the Commitment Shares)
which may, from time to time, be issued to the Investor under the Purchase Agreement, without regard to any limitation on beneficial
ownership or restriction on purchases therein, as well as all of the Exercise Shares (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (the Exercise
Shares) which may, from time to time, be issued to the Investor under the Pre-Funded Warrants (as defined in the Purchase
Agreement) (the Pre-Funded Warrants), without regard to any limitation on beneficial ownership or restriction on
purchases therein, and shares of Common Stock issued to the Investor as a result of any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization,
exchange or similar event or otherwise, without regard to any limitation on beneficial ownership in the Purchase Agreement or Pre-Funded
Warrants.

1

e.
Registration Statement means one or more registration statements of the Company.

2.
REGISTRATION.

a.
Mandatory Registration. The Company shall, within thirty (30) calendar days from the date of this Agreement, file with the SEC
an initial Registration Statement covering the maximum number of Registrable Securities as shall be permitted to be included thereon
in accordance with applicable SEC rules, regulations and interpretations so as to permit the resale of such Registrable Securities by
the Investor (in any event, no less than the number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Exchange Cap (as defined in the Purchase Agreement)
for Investors resale of the Registrable Securities), including but not limited to under Rule 415 under the Securities Act at then
prevailing market prices (and not fixed prices), subject to the aggregate number of authorized shares of the Companys Common Stock
then available for issuance in its Certificate of Incorporation. The initial Registration Statement shall register only the Registrable
Securities. The Investor and its counsel shall have a reasonable opportunity to review and comment upon such Registration Statement and
any amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement and any related prospectus prior to its filing with the SEC, and the Company
shall give due consideration to all reasonable comments. The Investor shall furnish all information reasonably requested by the Company
for inclusion therein. The Company shall have the Registration Statement declared effective by the SEC within ninety (90) calendar days
from the date hereof (or at the earliest possible date if prior to ninety (90) calendar days from the date hereof), and any amendment
to the Registration Statement thereafter declared effective by the SEC at the earliest possible date. The Company shall keep the Registration
Statement effective, including but not limited to pursuant to Rule 415 promulgated under the Securities Act and available for the resale
by the Investor of all of the Registrable Securities covered thereby at all times until the date on which the Investor shall have sold
all the Registrable Securities and the Maximum Commitment Amount (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) under the Purchase Agreement
has been drawn down by the Company pursuant to a Registration Statement (the Registration Period). The Registration
Statement (including any amendments or supplements thereto and prospectuses contained therein) shall not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein, in light
of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading. In the event that (i) the Registration Statement or New Registration Statement
(as defined below) becomes stale after the initial effectiveness of such Registration Statement or New Registration Statement and (ii)
the Investor still has ownership of any of the Registrable Securities, the Company shall immediately file one or more post-effective
amendments to facilitate the SECs declaration of effectiveness with respect to such Registration Statement or New Registration
Statement.

b.
Rule 424 Prospectus. The Company shall, as required by applicable securities regulations, from time to time file (in each case,
at the earliest possible date) with the SEC, pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the Securities Act, the prospectus and prospectus
supplements, if any, to be used in connection with sales of the Registrable Securities under the Registration Statement. The Company
shall file such initial prospectus covering the Investors sale of the Registrable Securities on the same date that the Registration
Statement is declared effective by the SEC. The Investor and its counsel shall have a reasonable opportunity to review and comment upon
such prospectus prior to its filing with the SEC, and the Company shall give due consideration to all such comments. The Investor shall
use its reasonable best efforts to comment upon such prospectus within one (1) Business Day from the date the Investor receives the final
pre-filing version of such prospectus.

2

c.
Sufficient Number of Shares Registered. In the event the number of shares available under the Registration Statement is insufficient
to cover all of the Registrable Securities, the Company shall amend the Registration Statement or file a new Registration Statement (a
New Registration Statement), so as to cover all of such Registrable Securities (subject to the limitations set forth
in Section 2(a)) as soon as practicable, but in any event not later than ten (10) Business Days after the necessity therefor arises,
subject to any limits that may be imposed by the SEC pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. The Company shall use it reasonable
best efforts to cause such amendment and/or New Registration Statement to become effective as soon as practicable following the filing
thereof. In the event that any of the Registrable Securities are not included in the Registration Statement, or have not been included
in any New Registration Statement and the Company files any other registration statement under the Securities Act (other than on Form
S-4, Form S-8, or with respect to other employee related plans or rights offerings) (Other Registration Statement)
then the Company shall include such remaining Registrable Securities in such Other Registration Statement. The Company agrees that it
shall not file any such Other Registration Statement unless all of the Registrable Securities have been included in such Other Registration
Statement or otherwise have been registered for resale as described above.

d.
Offering. If the staff of the SEC (the Staff) or the SEC seeks to characterize any offering pursuant to a
Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement as constituting an offering of securities that does not permit such Registration
Statement to become effective and be used for resales by the Investor under Rule 415 at then prevailing market prices (and not fixed
prices), or if after the filing of the initial Registration Statement with the SEC pursuant to Section 2(a), the Company is otherwise
required by the Staff or the SEC to reduce the number of Registrable Securities included in such initial Registration Statement, then
the Company shall reduce the number of Registrable Securities to be included in such initial Registration Statement (with the prior consent,
which shall not be unreasonably withheld, of the Investor and its legal counsel as to the specific Registrable Securities to be removed
therefrom) until such time as the Staff and the SEC shall so permit such Registration Statement to become effective and be used as aforesaid.
In the event of any reduction in Registrable Securities pursuant to this paragraph, the Company shall file one or more New Registration
Statements in accordance with Section 2(c) until such time as all Registrable Securities have been included in Registration Statements
that have been declared effective and the prospectus contained therein is available for use by the Investor. Notwithstanding any provision
herein or in the Purchase Agreement to the contrary, the Companys obligations to register Registrable Securities (and any related
conditions to the Investors obligations) shall be qualified as necessary to comport with any requirement of the SEC or the Staff
as addressed in this Section 2(d).

3.
RELATED OBLIGATIONS.

With
respect to the Registration Statement and whenever any Registrable Securities are to be registered pursuant to Section 2 including on
any New Registration Statement, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to effect the registration of the Registrable Securities
in accordance with the intended method of disposition thereof and, pursuant thereto, the Company shall have the following obligations:

a.
The Company shall prepare and file with the SEC such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to any registration
statement and the prospectus used in connection with such registration statement, which prospectus is to be filed pursuant to Rule 424
promulgated under the Securities Act, as may be necessary to keep the Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement effective
at all times during the Registration Period, and, during such period, comply with the provisions of the Securities Act with respect to
the disposition of all Registrable Securities of the Company covered by the Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement
until such time as all of such Registrable Securities shall have been disposed of in accordance with the intended methods of disposition
by the seller or sellers thereof as set forth in such registration statement.

3

b.
The Company shall permit the Investor to review and comment upon the Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement and all
amendments and supplements thereto at least two (2) Business Days prior to their filing with the SEC, and not file any document in a
form to which Investor reasonably objects. The Investor shall use its reasonable best efforts to comment upon the Registration Statement
or any New Registration Statement and any amendments or supplements thereto within two (2) Business Days from the date the Investor receives
the final version thereof. The Company shall furnish to the Investor, without charge any correspondence from the SEC or the staff of
the SEC to the Company or its representatives relating to the Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement.

c.
Upon request of the Investor, the Company shall furnish to the Investor, (i) promptly after the same is prepared and filed with the SEC,
at least one copy of such registration statement and any amendment(s) thereto, including financial statements and schedules, all documents
incorporated therein by reference and all exhibits, (ii) upon the effectiveness of any registration statement, a copy of the prospectus
included in such registration statement and all amendments and supplements thereto (or such other number of copies as the Investor may
reasonably request) and (iii) such other documents, including copies of any preliminary or final prospectus, as the Investor may reasonably
request from time to time in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by the Investor. For the avoidance
of doubt, any filing available to the Investor via the SECs live EDGAR system shall be deemed furnished to the Investor
hereunder.

d.
The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to (i) register and qualify the Registrable Securities covered by a registration statement
under such other securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as the Investor reasonably requests,
(ii) prepare and file in those jurisdictions, such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to such registrations
and qualifications as may be necessary to maintain the effectiveness thereof during the Registration Period, (iii) take such other actions
as may be necessary to maintain such registrations and qualifications in effect at all times during the Registration Period, and (iv)
take all other actions reasonably necessary or advisable to qualify the Registrable Securities for sale in such jurisdictions; provided,
however, that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition thereto to (x) qualify to do business in any
jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this Section 3(d), (y) subject itself to general taxation in
any such jurisdiction, or (z) file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction. The Company shall promptly notify
the Investor who holds Registrable Securities of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the
registration or qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale under the securities or blue sky laws of any
jurisdiction in the United States or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose.

e.
As promptly as practicable after becoming aware of such event or facts, the Company shall notify the Investor in writing of the happening
of any event or existence of such facts as a result of which the prospectus included in any registration statement, as then in effect,
includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and promptly prepare a supplement or
amendment to such registration statement and/or take any other necessary steps (which, if in accordance with applicable SEC rules and
regulations, may consist of a document to be filed by the Company with the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act and to be incorporated by reference in the prospectus) to correct such untrue statement or omission, and deliver a copy of such supplement
or amendment to the Investor (or such other number of copies as the Investor may reasonably request). The Company shall also promptly
notify the Investor in writing (i) when a prospectus or any prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment has been filed, and when
a registration statement or any post-effective amendment has become effective (notification of such effectiveness shall be delivered
to the Investor by email on the same day of such effectiveness and by overnight mail), (ii) of any request by the SEC for amendments
or supplements to any registration statement or related prospectus or related information, and (iii) of the Companys reasonable
determination that a post-effective amendment to a registration statement would be appropriate.

4

f.
The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or other suspension of effectiveness of any
registration statement, or the suspension of the qualification of any Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction and, if such
an order or suspension is issued, to obtain the withdrawal of such order or suspension at the earliest possible moment and to notify
the Investor of the issuance of such order and the resolution thereof or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threat of
any proceeding for such purpose.

g.
The Company shall (i) cause all the Registrable Securities to be listed on each securities exchange on which securities of the same class
or series issued by the Company are then listed, if any, if the listing of such Registrable Securities is then permitted under the rules
of such exchange, or (ii) secure designation and quotation of all the Registrable Securities on the Principal Market (as defined in the
Purchase Agreement). The Company shall pay all fees and expenses in connection with satisfying its obligation under this Section.

h.
The Company shall cooperate with the Investor to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of the Registrable Securities (not bearing
any restrictive legend) either by DWAC, DRS, or in certificated form if DWAC or DRS is unavailable, to be offered pursuant to any registration
statement and enable such Registrable Securities to be in such denominations or amounts as the Investor may reasonably request and registered
in such names as the Investor may request.

i.
The Company shall at all times provide a transfer agent and registrar with respect to its Common Stock.

j.
If reasonably requested by the Investor, the Company shall (i) immediately incorporate in a prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment
such information as the Investor believes should be included therein relating to the sale and distribution of Registrable Securities,
including, without limitation, information with respect to the number of Registrable Securities being sold, the purchase price being
paid therefor and any other terms of the offering of the Registrable Securities; (ii) make all required filings of such prospectus supplement
or post-effective amendment as soon as practicable upon notification of the matters to be incorporated in such prospectus supplement
or post-effective amendment; and (iii) supplement or make amendments to any registration statement.

k.
The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Registrable Securities covered by any registration statement to be registered
with or approved by such other governmental agencies or authorities as may be necessary to consummate the disposition of such Registrable
Securities.

l.
Within one (1) Business Day after any registration statement which includes the Registrable Securities is ordered effective by the SEC,
the Company shall deliver, and shall cause legal counsel for the Company to deliver, to the transfer agent for such Registrable Securities
(with copies to the Investor) confirmation that such registration statement has been declared effective by the SEC in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit A. Thereafter, if requested by the Investor at any time, the Company shall require its counsel to deliver to
the Investor a written confirmation whether or not the effectiveness of such registration statement has lapsed at any time for any reason
(including, without limitation, the issuance of a stop order) and whether or not the registration statement is current and available
to the Investor for sale of all of the Registrable Securities.

5

m.
The Company shall take all other reasonable actions necessary to expedite and facilitate disposition by the Investor of Registrable Securities
pursuant to any registration statement.

4.
OBLIGATIONS OF THE INVESTOR.

a.
The Company shall notify the Investor in writing of the information the Company reasonably requires from the Investor in connection with
any registration statement hereunder. The Investor shall furnish to the Company such information regarding itself, the Registrable Securities
held by it and the intended method of disposition of the Registrable Securities held by it as shall be reasonably required to effect
the registration of such Registrable Securities and shall execute such documents in connection with such registration as the Company
may reasonably request.

b.
The Investor agrees to cooperate with the Company as reasonably requested by the Company in connection with the preparation and filing
of any registration statement hereunder.

c.
The Investor agrees that, upon receipt of any notice from the Company of the happening of any event or existence of facts of the kind
described in Section 3(f) or the first sentence of 3(e), the Investor will immediately discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities
pursuant to any registration statement(s) covering such Registrable Securities until the Investors receipt of the copies of the
supplemented or amended prospectus contemplated by Section 3(f) or the first sentence of 3(e). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary,
the Company shall cause its transfer agent to promptly deliver shares of Common Stock without any restrictive legend in accordance with
the terms of the Purchase Agreement and Pre-Funded Warrants, as applicable, in connection with any sale of Registrable Securities with
respect to which an Investor has entered into a contract for sale prior to the Investors receipt of a notice from the Company
of the happening of any event of the kind described in Section 3(f) or the first sentence of Section 3(e) and for which the Investor
has not yet settled.

5.
EXPENSES OF REGISTRATION.

All
reasonable expenses, other than sales or brokerage commissions, incurred in connection with registrations, filings or qualifications
pursuant to Sections 2 and 3, including, without limitation, all registration, listing and qualifications fees, printers and accounting
fees, and fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, shall be paid by the Company.

6

6.
INDEMNIFICATION.

a.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company will, and hereby does, indemnify, hold harmless and defend the Investor, each Person,
if any, who controls the Investor, the members, the directors, officers, partners, employees, agents, representatives of the Investor
and each Person, if any, who controls the Investor within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act) (each, an Indemnified Person), against any losses, claims, damages,
liabilities, judgments, fines, penalties, charges, costs, attorneys fees, amounts paid in settlement or expenses, joint or several,
(collectively, Claims) incurred in investigating, preparing or defending any action, claim, suit, inquiry, proceeding,
investigation or appeal taken from the foregoing by or before any court or governmental, administrative or other regulatory agency, body
or the SEC, whether pending or threatened, whether or not an indemnified party is or may be a party thereto (Indemnified Damages),
to which any of them may become subject insofar as such Claims (or actions or proceedings, whether commenced or threatened, in respect
thereof) arise out of or are based upon: (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact in the Registration
Statement, any New Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto or in any filing made in connection with the qualification
of the offering under the securities or other blue sky laws of any jurisdiction in which Registrable Securities are offered
(Blue Sky Filing), or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained
in the final prospectus (as amended or supplemented, if the Company files any amendment thereof or supplement thereto with the SEC) or
the omission or alleged omission to state therein any material fact necessary to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances
under which the statements therein were made, not misleading, (iii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities
Act, the Exchange Act, any other law, including, without limitation, any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder relating
to the offer or sale of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement or (iv) any
material violation by the Company of this Agreement (the matters in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iv) being, collectively, Violations).
The Company shall reimburse each Indemnified Person promptly as such expenses are incurred and are due and payable, for any reasonable
legal fees or other reasonable expenses incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, the indemnification agreement contained in this Section 6(a): (i) shall not apply to a Claim
by an Indemnified Person arising out of or based upon a Violation which occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with information about
the Investor furnished in writing to the Company by such Indemnified Person expressly for use in connection with the preparation of the
Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement or any such amendment thereof or supplement thereto, if such prospectus was timely
made available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(c) or Section 3(e); (ii) with respect to any superseded prospectus, shall not inure
to the benefit of any such person from whom the person asserting any such Claim purchased the Registrable Securities that are the subject
thereof (or to the benefit of any person controlling such person) if the untrue statement or omission of material fact contained in the
superseded prospectus was corrected in the revised prospectus, as then amended or supplemented, if such revised prospectus was timely
made available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(c) or Section 3(e), and the Indemnified Person was promptly advised in writing not
to use the incorrect prospectus prior to the use giving rise to a violation and such Indemnified Person, notwithstanding such advice,
used it; (iii) shall not be available to the extent such Claim is based on a failure of the Investor to deliver or to cause to be delivered
the prospectus made available by the Company, if such prospectus was timely made available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(c) or
Section 3(e); and (iv) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected without the prior written
consent of the Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless
of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Indemnified Person and shall survive the transfer of the Registrable Securities by the
Investor pursuant to Section 9.

7

b.
Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party under this Section 6 of notice of the commencement of any action
or proceeding (including any governmental action or proceeding) involving a Claim, such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party shall,
if a Claim in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section 6, deliver to the indemnifying party a
written notice of the commencement thereof, and the indemnifying party shall have the right to participate in, and, to the extent the
indemnifying party so desires, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly noticed, to assume control of the defense thereof
with counsel mutually satisfactory to the indemnifying party and the Indemnified Person or the Indemnified Party, as the case may be;
provided, however, that an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party shall have the right to retain its own counsel with the fees and expenses
to be paid by the indemnifying party, if, in the reasonable opinion of counsel retained by the indemnifying party, the representation
by such counsel of the Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and the indemnifying party would be inappropriate due to actual or potential
differing interests between such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and any other party represented by such counsel in such proceeding.
The Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person shall cooperate fully with the indemnifying party in connection with any negotiation or defense
of any such action or claim by the indemnifying party and shall furnish to the indemnifying party all information reasonably available
to the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person which relates to such action or claim. The indemnifying party shall keep the Indemnified
Party or Indemnified Person fully apprised at all times as to the status of the defense or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto.
No indemnifying party shall be liable for any settlement of any action, claim or proceeding effected without its written consent, provided,
however, that the indemnifying party shall not unreasonably withhold, delay or condition its consent. No indemnifying party shall, without
the consent of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement or other compromise
which does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such Indemnified Party or Indemnified
Person of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation. Following indemnification as provided for hereunder, the
indemnifying party shall be subrogated to all rights of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person with respect to all third parties,
firms or corporations relating to the matter for which indemnification has been made. The failure to deliver written notice to the indemnifying
party within a reasonable time of the commencement of any such action shall not relieve such indemnifying party of any liability to the
Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party under this Section 6, except to the extent that the indemnifying party is prejudiced in its ability
to defend such action.

c.
The indemnification required by this Section 6 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation
or defense, as and when bills are received or Indemnified Damages are incurred.

d.
The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to (i) any cause of action or similar right of the Indemnified Party or
Indemnified Person against the indemnifying party or others, and (ii) any liabilities the indemnifying party may be subject to pursuant
to the law.

7.
CONTRIBUTION.

To
the extent any indemnification by an indemnifying party is prohibited or limited by law, the indemnifying party agrees to make the maximum
contribution with respect to any amounts for which it would otherwise be liable under Section 6 to the fullest extent permitted by law;
provided, however, that: (i) no seller of Registrable Securities guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section
11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any seller of Registrable Securities who was not guilty of fraudulent
misrepresentation; and (ii) contribution by any seller of Registrable Securities shall be limited in amount to the net amount of proceeds
received by such seller from the sale of such Registrable Securities.

8.
REPORTS AND DISCLOSURE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACTS.

With
a view to making available to the Investor the benefits of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act or any other similar rule or
regulation of the SEC that may at any time permit the Investor to sell securities of the Company to the public without registration (Rule
144), the Company agrees, at the Companys sole expense, to:

a.
make and keep public information available, as those terms are understood and defined in Rule 144;

b.
file with the SEC in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange
Act so long as the Company remains subject to such requirements and the filing of such reports and other documents is required for the
applicable provisions of Rule 144;

8

c.
furnish to the Investor so long as the Investor owns Registrable Securities, promptly upon request, (i) a written statement by the Company
that it has complied with the reporting and or disclosure provisions of Rule 144, the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, (ii) a copy
of the most recent annual or quarterly report of the Company and such other reports and documents so filed by the Company, and (iii)
such other information as may be reasonably requested to permit the Investor to sell such securities pursuant to Rule 144 without registration;
and

d.
take such additional action as is requested by the Investor to enable the Investor to sell the Registrable Securities pursuant to Rule
144, including, without limitation, delivering all such legal opinions, consents, certificates, resolutions and instructions to the Companys
transfer agent as may be requested from time to time by the Investor and otherwise fully cooperate with Investor and Investors
broker to effect such sale of securities pursuant to Rule 144.

The
Company agrees that damages may be an inadequate remedy for any breach of the terms and provisions of this Section 8 and that Investor
shall, whether or not it is pursuing any remedies at law, be entitled to equitable relief in the form of a preliminary or permanent injunctions,
without having to post any bond or other security, upon any breach or threatened breach of any such terms or provisions.

9.
ASSIGNMENT OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

The
Company shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Investor.

10.
AMENDMENT OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

No
provision of this Agreement may be amended or waived by the parties from and after the date that is one Business Day immediately preceding
the initial filing of the Registration Statement with the SEC. Subject to the immediately preceding sentence, no provision of this Agreement
may be (i) amended other than by a written instrument signed by both parties hereto or (ii) waived other than in a written instrument
signed by the party against whom enforcement of such waiver is sought. Failure of any party to exercise any right or remedy under this
Agreement or otherwise, or delay by a party in exercising such right or remedy, shall not operate as a waiver thereof.

11.
MISCELLANEOUS.

a.
A Person is deemed to be a holder of Registrable Securities whenever such Person owns or is deemed to own of record such Registrable
Securities. If the Company receives conflicting instructions, notices or elections from two or more Persons with respect to the same
Registrable Securities, the Company shall act upon the basis of instructions, notice or election received from the registered owner of
such Registrable Securities.

b.
Any notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement must be in
writing and will be deemed to have been delivered: (i) upon receipt, when delivered personally; (ii) upon receipt, when sent by email
(provided confirmation of transmission is mechanically or electronically generated and kept on file by the sending party); or (iii) one
(1) Business Day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, in each case properly addressed to the party
to receive the same. The addresses for such communications shall be:

If
to the Company, to:

YOSHIHARU
GLOBAL CO.

6940
Beach Blvd., Suite D-705

Buena
Park, CA, 90621

Email:
jchae@yoshiharuramen.com

Attention:
James Chae

9

If
to the Investor:

CROM
STRUCTURED OPPORTUNITIES FUND I, LP

228
Park Ave S PMB 57033

New
York, NY 10003-1502

e-mail:
john@crom-llc.com and liam@crom-llc.com

or
at such other address, email address, and/or to the attention of such other person as the recipient party has specified by written notice
given to each other party three (3) Business Days prior to the effectiveness of such change. Written confirmation of receipt (A) given
by the recipient of such notice, consent, waiver or other communication, (B) mechanically or electronically generated by the senders
email account containing the time, date, recipient email address, as applicable, and an image of the first page of such transmission
or (C) provided by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, shall be rebuttable evidence of personal service, receipt from
a nationally recognized overnight delivery service in accordance with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, respectively.

c.
The Company and Investor shall submit all Claims (as defined in Exhibit C of the Purchase Agreement) (the Claims) arising
under this Agreement or any other agreement between the parties and their affiliates or any Claim relating to the relationship of the
parties to binding arbitration pursuant to the arbitration provisions set forth in Exhibit C of the Purchase Agreement (the Arbitration
Provisions). The Company and Investor hereby acknowledge and agree that the Arbitration Provisions are unconditionally binding
on the Company and Investor hereto and are severable from all other provisions of this Agreement. By executing this Agreement, Company
represents, warrants and covenants that Company has reviewed the Arbitration Provisions carefully, consulted with legal counsel about
such provisions (or waived its right to do so), understands that the Arbitration Provisions are intended to allow for the expeditious
and efficient resolution of any dispute hereunder, agrees to the terms and limitations set forth in the Arbitration Provisions, and that
Company will not take a position contrary to the foregoing representations. Company acknowledges and agrees that Investor may rely upon
the foregoing representations and covenants of Company regarding the Arbitration Provisions. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced
in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and performance of this Agreement shall be
governed by, the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule
(whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other
than the State of Delaware. The Company and Investor consent to and expressly agree that the exclusive venue for arbitration of any Claims
arising under this Agreement or any other agreement between the Company and Investor or their respective affiliates (including but not
limited to the Transaction Documents (as defined in the Purchase Agreement)) or any Claim relating to the relationship of the Company
and Investor or their respective affiliates shall be in New Castle County, State of Delaware. Without modifying the Companys and
Investors obligations to resolve disputes hereunder pursuant to the Arbitration Provisions, for any litigation arising in connection
with any of the Transaction Documents (and notwithstanding the terms (specifically including any governing law and venue terms) of any
transfer agent services agreement or other agreement between the Companys transfer agent and the Company, such litigation specifically
includes, without limitation any action between or involving Company and the Companys transfer agent or otherwise related to Investor
in any way (specifically including, without limitation, any action where Company seeks to obtain an injunction, temporary restraining
order, or otherwise prohibit the Companys transfer agent from issuing shares of Common Stock to Investor for any reason)), each
party hereto hereby (i) consents to and expressly submits to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of any state or federal court sitting
in New Castle County, State of Delaware, (ii) expressly submits to the exclusive venue of any such court for the purposes hereof, (iii)
agrees to not bring any such action (specifically including, without limitation, any action where Company seeks to obtain an injunction,
temporary restraining order, or otherwise prohibit the Companys transfer agent from issuing shares of Common Stock to Investor
for any reason) outside of any state or federal court sitting in New Castle County, State of Delaware, and (iv) waives any claim of improper
venue and any claim or objection that such courts are an inconvenient forum or any other claim, defense or objection to the bringing
of any such proceeding in such jurisdiction or to any claim that such venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper. Notwithstanding
anything in the foregoing to the contrary, nothing herein shall limit, or shall be deemed or construed to limit, the ability of the Investor
to realize on any collateral or any other security, or to enforce a judgment or other court ruling in favor of the Investor, including
through a legal action in any court of competent jurisdiction. The Company hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any
suit, action or proceeding, any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder, any claim that it is not personally
subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, and any claim that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum
or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper (including but not limited to based upon forum non conveniens).
THE COMPANY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE
HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. The Company irrevocably
waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Agreement
or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby by mailing a copy thereof via registered or
certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to Company at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement
and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall
be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. The prevailing party in any action or
dispute brought in connection with this Agreement or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or
thereby shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorneys fees and costs. If any provision of this Agreement
shall be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability
of the remainder of this Agreement in that jurisdiction or the validity or enforceability of any provision of this Agreement in any other
jurisdiction.

10

d.
This Agreement, the Purchase Agreement, Pre-Funded Warrants, and all other ancillary documentation entered into between the Company and
Investor therewith constitute the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof. There
are no restrictions, promises, warranties or undertakings, other than those set forth or referred to herein and therein. This Agreement,
the Purchase Agreement, Pre-Funded Warrants, and all other ancillary documentation entered into between the Company and Investor therewith
supersede all prior agreements and understandings among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof.

e.
Subject to the requirements of Section 9, this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted
assigns of each of the parties hereto.

f.
The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof.

g.
This Agreement may be executed in identical counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute
one and the same agreement. This Agreement, once executed by a party, may be delivered to the other party hereto by e-mail in a .pdf
format data file of a copy of this Agreement bearing the signature of the party so delivering this Agreement.

h.
Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all
such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent
and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

i.
The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent and no rules
of strict construction will be applied against any party.

j.
This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns, and is not for
the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person.

*
* * * * *

11

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of day and year first above written.

THE
COMPANY: 

YOSHIHARU
GLOBAL CO. 

By: 

Name: James
Chae 

Title: Chief
Executive Officer 

INVESTOR:

CROM
STRUCTURED OPPORTUNITIES FUND I, LP

By: CROM
STRUCTURED OPPORTUNITIES FUND I GP, LLC, its General Partner

By: CROM CORTANA
FUND LLC, member of the General Partner

By: 

Name: Liam
Sherif 

Title:
Authorized
Signatory 

[Signature
Page to registration rights agreement]

12

EXHIBIT
A 

TO
REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

FORM
OF NOTICE OF EFFECTIVENESS

OF REGISTRATION STATEMENT

______,
2025

____________

____________

____________

Re:
Effectiveness of Registration Statement

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We
are counsel to YOSHIHARU GLOBAL CO., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and have represented the Company in connection
with that certain Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 6, 2025 (the Purchase Agreement), entered into by and
between the Company and CROM STRUCTURED OPPORTUNITIES FUND I, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Investor)
pursuant to which the Company has agreed to issue, to the Investor, Class A common stock of the Company, $0.0001 par value per share
(the Common Stock), in an amount up to Ten Million Dollars ($10,000,000.00) (the Advance Shares),
the Commitment Shares (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (the Commitment Shares), and the Exercise Shares (as
defined in the Purchase Agreement) (the Exercise Shares) in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement
and Pre-Funded Warrants (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (the Pre-Funded Warrants). In connection with the
transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, the Company has registered with the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission the
following shares of Common Stock:

(1) __________Advance
Shares to be issued to the Investor by the Company in accordance with the Purchase Agreement;
and

(2) _______Commitment
Shares to be issued to the Investor by the Company in accordance with the Purchase Agreement;
and

(3) _______Exercise
Shares to be issued to the Investor by the Company upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants.

Pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement, the Company also has entered into a Registration Rights Agreement, of even date with the Purchase Agreement
with the Investor (the Registration Rights Agreement) pursuant to which the Company agreed, among other things,
to register the Advance Shares, Commitment Shares, and Exercise Shares under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act). In connection with the Companys obligations under the Purchase Agreement and the Registration Rights

Agreement,
on [_____], 2025, the Company filed a Registration Statement (File No. 333-[________]) (the Registration

Statement) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) relating to the resale of the Advance Shares,
Commitment Shares, and Exercise Shares.

In
connection with the foregoing, we advise you that a member of the SECs staff has advised us by telephone that the SEC has entered
an order declaring the Registration Statement effective under the Securities Act at [_____] [A.M./P.M.] on

[_______],
2025 and we have no knowledge, after telephonic inquiry of a member of the SECs staff, that any stop order

suspending its effectiveness has been issued or that any proceedings for that purpose are pending before, or threatened by, the SEC and
the Advance Shares, Commitment Shares, and Exercise Shares are available for resale under the Securities Act pursuant to the Registration
Statement and may be issued without any restrictive legend.

Very
truly yours, 

[Company
Counsel]

By: 

cc: CROM
STRUCTURED OPPORTUNITIES FUND I, LP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-3.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.3

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the Agreement), dated as of January 6, 2025, by and between YOSHIHARU GLOBAL CO.,
a Delaware corporation, with headquarters located at 6940 Beach Blvd., Suite D-705, Buena Park, CA 90621 (the Company),
and CROM STRUCTURED OPPORTUNITIES FUND I, LP, a Delaware limited partnership, with its address at 228 Park Avenue South PMB 57033,
New York, NY 10003 (the Buyer).

WHEREAS:

A.
The Company and the Buyer are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded
by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act) promulgated by the United States Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC) under the 1933 Act;

B.
Buyer desires to purchase from the Company, and the Company desires to issue and sell to the Buyer, upon the terms and conditions set
forth in this Agreement, a 10% OID promissory note of the Company, in the aggregate principal amount of $1,100,000.00 (as the principal
amount thereof may be increased pursuant to the terms thereof, and together with any note(s) issued in replacement thereof or as a dividend
thereon or otherwise with respect thereto in accordance with the terms thereof, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, the
Note), convertible into shares of Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of the Company (the Common
Stock), upon the terms and subject to the limitations and conditions set forth in such Note (collectively, the January
2025 Offering); and

C.
As part of the January 2025 Offering, the Buyer wishes to purchase, upon the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement, such principal
amount of the Note as is set forth immediately below its name on the signature pages hereto; and

D.
In connection with this Agreement, the Company and the Buyer have entered into a registration rights agreement (the Registration
Rights Agreement) on the date of this Agreement, a form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit C.

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and of the agreements and covenants herein contained, and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Buyer hereby agree as follows:

1.
Purchase and Sale of Note.

a.Purchase
of Note. On the Closing Date (as defined below), the Company shall issue and sell to the Buyer, and the Buyer agrees to purchase
from the Company, the Note, as further provided herein. As used in this Agreement, the term business day shall mean any
day other than a Saturday, Sunday, or a day on which commercial banks in New York, New York are authorized or required by law or executive
order to remain closed.

b.Form
of Payment. On the Closing Date: (i) the Buyer shall pay the purchase price of $1,000,000.00 (the Purchase Price) for
the Note, to be issued and sold to it at the Closing (as defined below), by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company,
in accordance with the Companys written wiring instructions, against delivery of the Note, and (ii) the Company shall deliver
such duly executed Note on behalf of the Company, to the Buyer, against delivery of such Purchase Price. On the Closing Date, the Buyer
shall withhold a non-accountable sum of $20,000.00 from the Purchase Price to cover the Buyers legal fees in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and $20,000.00 from the Purchase Price to cover the Companys payment of the Buyers
legal fees pursuant to that certain equity purchase agreement entered into on or around the date hereof by and between the Company and
Buyer.

c.Closing
Date. Subject to the satisfaction (or written waiver) of the conditions thereto set forth in Section 6 and Section 7 below, the date
and time of the issuance and sale of the Note pursuant to this Agreement (the Closing Date) shall be on the date that the
Purchase Price for the Note is paid by Buyer pursuant to terms of this Agreement.

1

d.
Closing. The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the Closing) shall occur on the Closing
Date at such location as may be agreed to by the parties (including via exchange of electronic signatures).

2.
Buyers Representations and Warranties. The Buyer represents and warrants to the Company as of the Closing Date that:

a.Investment
Purpose. As of the Closing Date, the Buyer is purchasing the Note (the Note and shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of
or otherwise pursuant to the Note (the Conversion Shares) shall collectively be referred to herein as the Securities)
for its own account and not with a present view towards the public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered
or exempted from registration under the 1933 Act; provided, however, that by making the representations herein, the Buyer
does not agree to hold any of the Securities for any minimum or other specific term and reserves the right to dispose of the Securities
at any time in accordance with or pursuant to a registration statement, or an exemption under the 1933 Act.

b.Accredited
Investor Status. The Buyer is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D (an Accredited
Investor).

c.Reliance
on Exemptions. The Buyer understands that the Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance upon specific exemptions from
the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy
of, and the Buyers compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of the Buyer
set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the Buyer to acquire the Securities.

d.Information.
The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the
Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Securities which have been requested by the Buyer or its advisors. The Buyer
and its advisors, if any, have been, and for so long as the Note remains outstanding will continue to be, afforded the opportunity to
ask questions of the Company regarding its business and affairs. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company has not disclosed to the
Buyer any material nonpublic information regarding the Company or otherwise and will not disclose such information unless such information
is disclosed to the public prior to or promptly following such disclosure to the Buyer. Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence
investigation conducted by Buyer or any of its advisors or representatives shall modify, amend or affect Buyers right to rely
on the Companys representations and warranties contained in Section 3 below.

e.Governmental
Review. The Buyer understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed
upon or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities.

f.Transfer
or Re-sale. The Buyer understands that (i) the sale or resale of the Securities has not been and is not being registered under the
1933 Act or any applicable state securities laws, and the Securities may not be transferred unless (a) the Securities are sold pursuant
to an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act, (b) the Buyer shall have delivered to the Company, at the cost of the Company,
an opinion of counsel (which may be the Legal Counsel Opinion (as defined below)) that shall be in form, substance and scope customary
for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions to the effect that the Securities to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred
pursuant to an exemption from such registration, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company, (c) the Securities are sold or transferred
to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144 promulgated under the 1933 Act (or a successor rule) (Rule 144))
of the Buyer who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the Securities only in accordance with this Section 2(f) and who is an Accredited
Investor, (d) the Securities are sold pursuant to Rule 144 or other applicable exemption, or (e) the Securities are sold pursuant to
Regulation S under the 1933 Act (or a successor rule) (Regulation S), and the Buyer shall have delivered to the Company,
at the cost of the Company, an opinion of counsel that shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in corporate
transactions, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company; (ii) any sale of such Securities made in reliance on Rule 144 may be made
only in accordance with the terms of said Rule and further, if said Rule is not applicable, any re-sale of such Securities under circumstances
in which the seller (or the person through whom the sale is made) may be deemed to be an underwriter (as that term is defined in the
1933 Act) may require compliance with some other exemption under the 1933 Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder; and
(iii) neither the Company nor any other person is under any obligation to register such Securities under the 1933 Act or any state securities
laws or to comply with the terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder (in each case). Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything
else contained herein to the contrary, the Securities may be pledged in connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending
arrangement secured by the Securities, and such pledge of Securities shall not be deemed to be a transfer, sale or assignment of the
Securities hereunder, and the Buyer in effecting such pledge of Securities shall not be required to provide the Company with any notice
thereof or otherwise make any delivery to the Company pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise.

2

g.Legends.
The Buyer understands that until such time as the Note and/or Conversion Shares, have been registered under the 1933 Act or may be
sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A under the 1933 Act, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the
number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, the Securities may bear a restrictive legend in substantially
the following form (and a stop-transfer order may be placed against transfer of such Securities):

NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE [CONVERTIBLE/EXERCISABLE]
HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED
FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM,
THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A, REGULATION S, OR OTHER APPLICABLE
EXEMPTION UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT
OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.

The
legend set forth above shall be removed and the Company shall issue a certificate or book entry statement for the applicable shares of
Common Stock without such legend to the holder of any Security upon which it is stamped or (as requested by such holder) issue the applicable
shares of Common Stock to such holder by electronic delivery by crediting the account of such holders broker with The Depository
Trust Company (DTC), if, unless otherwise required by applicable state securities laws, (a) such Security is registered
for sale under an effective registration statement filed under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A,
Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then
be immediately sold, or (b) the Company or the Buyer provides the Legal Counsel Opinion (as contemplated by and in accordance with Section
4(l) hereof) to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Security may be made without registration under the 1933 Act, which
opinion shall be accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected. The Company shall be responsible for the fees of its
transfer agent and all DTC fees associated with any such issuance. The Buyer agrees to sell all Securities, including those represented
by a certificate(s) from which the legend has been removed, in compliance with applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any.

h.Authorization;
Enforcement. This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized by the Buyer and has been duly executed and delivered on behalf
of the Buyer, and this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Buyer enforceable in accordance with its terms, except
as enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors
rights generally and except as may be limited by the exercise of judicial discretion in applying principles of equity.

3

3.
Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Buyer as of the Closing Date that:

a.
Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries (as defined below), if any, is a corporation duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated or formed, with full power and authority
(corporate and other) to own, lease, use and operate its properties and to carry on its business as and where now owned, leased, used,
operated and conducted. The SEC Documents set forth a list of all of the Subsidiaries of the Company and the jurisdiction in which each
is incorporated. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to do business and is in good standing
in every jurisdiction in which its ownership or use of property or the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification
necessary except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Material Adverse
Effect means any material adverse effect on the business, operations, assets, financial condition or prospects of the Company
and its Subsidiaries, if any, taken as a whole, or on the transactions contemplated hereby or by the agreements or instruments to be
entered into in connection herewith. Subsidiaries means any corporation or other organization, whether incorporated or
unincorporated, in which the Company owns, directly or indirectly, any equity or other ownership interest.

b.Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement, the Note, and
to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and to issue the Securities, in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof,
(ii) the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Note, and Conversion Shares by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby (including without limitation, the issuance of the Note, as well as the issuance and reservation for
issuance of the Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of the Note) have been duly authorized by the Companys Board of Directors
and no further consent or authorization of the Company, its Board of Directors, its shareholders, or its debt holders is required, (iii)
this Agreement and the Note (together with any other instruments executed in connection herewith or therewith) have been duly executed
and delivered by the Company by its authorized representative, and such authorized representative is the true and official representative
with authority to sign this Agreement, the Note and the other instruments documents executed in connection herewith or therewith and
bind the Company accordingly, (iv) this Agreement constitutes, and upon execution and delivery by the Company of the Note, each of such
instruments will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with
their terms, and (v) the Company represents and warrants that the Shareholder Approval (as defined in this Agreement) was obtained on
December 19, 2024, and that such Shareholder Approval is effective pursuant to the rules promulgated under the 1934 Act.

c.Capitalization;
Governing Documents. As of January 6, 2025, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of: 49,000,000 authorized shares
of common stock, of which 1,255,197 shares of Common Stock and 100,000 shares of Class B common stock were issued and outstanding, and
0 authorized shares of preferred stock. All of such outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company and the Conversion Shares, are,
or upon issuance will be, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. No shares of capital stock of the Company are
subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights of the shareholders of the Company or any liens or encumbrances imposed through
the actions or failure to act of the Company. As of the effective date of this Agreement, other than as publicly announced prior to such
date and reflected in the SEC Documents of the Company (i) there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe for,
puts, calls, rights of first refusal, agreements, understandings, claims or other commitments or rights of any character whatsoever relating
to, or securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
or arrangements by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound to issue additional shares of capital stock of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) there are no agreements or arrangements under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is obligated to register the sale of any of its or their securities under the 1933 Act and (iii) there are no anti-dilution or price
adjustment provisions contained in any security issued by the Company (or in any agreement providing rights to security holders) that
will be triggered by the issuance of any of the Securities. The Company has made available via edgar to the Buyer true and correct copies
of the Companys Certificate of Incorporation as in effect on the date hereof (Certificate of Incorporation), the
Companys By-laws, as in effect on the date hereof (the By-laws), and the terms of all securities convertible into
or exercisable for Common Stock of the Company and the material rights of the holders thereof in respect thereto.

d.Issuance
of Conversion Shares. The Conversion Shares are duly authorized and reserved for issuance and, upon conversion of the Note in accordance
with its terms, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect
to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Company and will not
impose personal liability upon the holder thereof.

e.[Intentionally
Omitted].

4

f.Acknowledgment
of Dilution. The Company understands and acknowledges the potentially dilutive effect of the Conversion Shares to the Common Stock
upon the conversion of the Note. The Company further acknowledges that its obligation to issue, upon conversion of the Note, the Conversion
Shares, are absolute and unconditional regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have on the ownership interests of other
shareholders of the Company.

g.No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Note by the Company and the consummation by the Company
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance and reservation for issuance of the
Conversion Shares) will not (i) conflict with or result in a violation of any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws,
or (ii) violate or conflict with, or result in a breach of any provision of, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or
lapse of time or both could become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation
of, any agreement, note, evidence of indebtedness, indenture, patent, patent license or instrument to which the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and
state securities laws and regulations and regulations of any self-regulatory organizations to which the Company or its securities is
subject) applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is bound or affected (except for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations as would
not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect), or (iv) trigger any anti-dilution and/or ratchet provision contained
in any other contract in which the Company is a party thereto or any security issued by the Company. Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries is in violation of its Certificate of Incorporation, By-laws or other organizational documents and neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries is in default (and no event has occurred which with notice or lapse of time or both could put the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries in default) under, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has taken any action or failed to take
any action that would give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture
or instrument to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any property or assets of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries is bound or affected, except for possible defaults as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse
Effect. The businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries, if any, are not being conducted, and shall not be conducted so long as the
Buyer owns any of the Securities, in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental entity except violations as would
not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as specifically contemplated by this Agreement and as required
under the 1933 Act and any applicable state securities laws, the Company is not required to obtain any consent, authorization or order
of, or make any filing or registration with, any court, governmental agency, regulatory agency, self-regulatory organization or stock
market or any third party in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under this Agreement and the Note in
accordance with the terms hereof or thereof or to issue and sell the Note in accordance with the terms hereof and, upon conversion of
the Note, issue Conversion Shares. All consents, authorizations, orders, filings and registrations which the Company is required to obtain
pursuant to the preceding sentence have been obtained or effected on or prior to the date hereof. Except as disclosed in SEC Documents,
the Company is not in violation of the listing requirements of the Principal Market (as defined herein) and does not reasonably anticipate
that the Common Stock will be delisted by the Principal Market in the foreseeable future. The Principal Market shall mean
the principal securities exchange or trading market where such Common Stock is listed or traded, including but not limited to any tier
of the OTC Markets, any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market (including NASDAQ Capital Market), or the NYSE American, or any successor to
such markets.

h.SEC
Documents; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to
be filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934
Act) (all of the foregoing filed prior to the date hereof and all exhibits included therein and financial statements and schedules
thereto and documents (other than exhibits to such documents) incorporated by reference therein, being hereinafter referred to herein
as the SEC Documents). As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements
of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, and none of the SEC
Documents, at the time they were filed with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading. Except as previously disclosed in the SEC Documents, none of the statements made in any such SEC Documents
is, or has been, required to be amended or updated under applicable law (except for such statements as have been amended or updated in
subsequent filings prior the date hereof). As of their respective dates, the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC
Documents complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations
of the SEC with respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting
principles, consistently applied, during the periods involved and fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial
position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the consolidated results of their operations and
cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments). Except as
set forth in the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents, the Company has no liabilities, contingent or otherwise,
other than (i) liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business subsequent to September 30, 2024, and (ii) obligations under contracts
and commitments incurred in the ordinary course of business and not required under generally accepted accounting principles to be reflected
in such financial statements, which, individually or in the aggregate, are not material to the financial condition or operating results
of the Company. The Company is subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act. The Company has never been a shell company
as described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i).

5

i. Absence
of Certain Changes. Since September 30, 2024, there has been no material adverse change and no material adverse development in the
assets, liabilities, business, properties, operations, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or 1934 Act reporting status
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

j.Absence
of Litigation. There is no action, suit, claim, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government
agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, threatened against
or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or their officers or directors in their capacity as such, that could have a Material
Adverse Effect. The SEC Documents contain a complete list and summary description of any pending or, to the knowledge of the Company,
threatened proceeding against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, without regard to whether it would have a Material
Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing.

k.Intellectual
Property. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns or possesses the requisite licenses or rights to use all patents, patent
applications, patent rights, inventions, know-how, trade secrets, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, service names, trade
names and copyrights (Intellectual Property) necessary to enable it to conduct its business as now operated (and, as presently
contemplated to be operated in the future); there is no claim or action by any person pertaining to, or proceeding pending, or to the
Companys knowledge threatened, which challenges the right of the Company or of a Subsidiary with respect to any Intellectual Property
necessary to enable it to conduct its business as now operated (and, as presently contemplated to be operated in the future); to the
best of the Companys knowledge, the Companys or its Subsidiaries current and intended products, services and processes
do not infringe on any Intellectual Property or other rights held by any person; and the Company is unaware of any facts or circumstances
which might give rise to any of the foregoing. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect
the secrecy, confidentiality and value of their Intellectual Property.

l.No
Materially Adverse Contracts, Etc. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any charter, corporate or other
legal restriction, or any judgment, decree, order, rule or regulation which in the judgment of the Companys officers has or is
expected in the future to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any contract
or agreement which in the judgment of the Companys officers has or is expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

m.Tax
Status. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has made or filed all federal, state and foreign income and all other tax returns,
reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject (unless and only to the extent that the Company and each
of its Subsidiaries has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate for the payment of all unpaid and unreported taxes) and
has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such
returns, reports and declarations, except those being contested in good faith and has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate
for the payment of all taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no
unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company know
of no basis for any such claim. The Company has not executed a waiver with respect to the statute of limitations relating to the assessment
or collection of any foreign, federal, state or local tax. None of the Companys tax returns is presently being audited by any
taxing authority.

6

n.Transactions
with Affiliates. Except for arms length transactions pursuant to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries makes payments
in the ordinary course of business upon terms no less favorable than the Company or any of its Subsidiaries could obtain from third parties
and other than the grant of stock options described in the SEC Documents, none of the officers, directors, or employees of the Company
is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than for services as employees, officers and
directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental
of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the
knowledge of the Company, any corporation, partnership, trust or other entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has
a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee or partner.

o.Disclosure.
All information relating to or concerning the Company or any of its Subsidiaries set forth in this Agreement and provided to the
Buyer pursuant to Section 2(d) hereof and otherwise in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby is true and correct in all
material respects and the Company has not omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made herein or
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. No event or circumstance has occurred or exists with
respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or its or their business, properties, prospects, operations or financial conditions,
which, under applicable law, rule or regulation, requires public disclosure or announcement by the Company but which has not been so
publicly announced or disclosed (assuming for this purpose that the Companys reports filed under the 1934 Act are being incorporated
into an effective registration statement filed by the Company under the 1933 Act).

.Acknowledgment
Regarding Buyers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Buyer is acting solely in the capacity
of arms length purchaser with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company further acknowledges
that the Buyer is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby and any statement made by the Buyer or any of its respective representatives or agents in connection
with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby is not advice or a recommendation and is merely incidental to the Buyers
purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to the Buyer that the Companys decision to enter into this Agreement
has been based solely on the independent evaluation by the Company and its representatives.

p.No
Integrated Offering. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has directly or
indirectly made any offers or sales in any security or solicited any offers to buy any security under circumstances that would require
registration under the 1933 Act of the issuance of the Securities to the Buyer, except with respect to the issuance of Common Stock pursuant
to that certain equity purchase agreement entered into by and between the Company and Buyer on or around the date of this Agreement (the
EPA). The issuance of the Securities to the Buyer will not be integrated with any other issuance of the Companys
securities (past, current or future) for purposes of any shareholder approval provisions applicable to the Company or its securities,
except with respect to the Common Stock issuable pursuant to the EPA.

q.No
Brokers; No Solicitation. The Company has taken no action which would give rise to any claim by any person for brokerage commissions,
transaction fees or similar payments relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company represents and warrants
that neither the Buyer nor its employee(s), member(s), beneficial owner(s), or partner(s) solicited the Company to enter into this Agreement
and consummate the transactions described in this Agreement. The Company represents and warrants that neither the Buyer nor its employee(s),
member(s), beneficial owner(s), or partner(s) is required to be registered as a broker-dealer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
in order to (i) enter into or consummate the transactions encompassed by this Agreement, Registration Rights Agreement, the Note, and
the related transaction documents entered into in connection herewith (the Transaction Documents), (ii) fulfill the Buyers
obligations under the Transaction Documents, or (iii) exercise any of the Buyers rights under the Transaction Documents (including
but not limited to the sale of the Securities).

r.Permits;
Compliance. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is in possession of all franchises, grants, authorizations, licenses, permits,
easements, variances, exemptions, consents, certificates, approvals and orders necessary to own, lease and operate its properties and
to carry on its business as it is now being conducted (collectively, the Company Permits), and there is no action pending
or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened regarding suspension or cancellation of any of the Company Permits. Neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries is in conflict with, or in default or violation of, any of the Company Permits, except for any such conflicts,
defaults or violations which, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Since
September 30, 2024, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notification with respect to possible conflicts,
defaults or violations of applicable laws, except for notices relating to possible conflicts, defaults or violations, which conflicts,
defaults or violations would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

7

t.
Environmental Matters.

(i)
There are, to the Companys knowledge, with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any predecessor of the Company,
no past or present violations of Environmental Laws (as defined below), releases of any material into the environment, actions, activities,
circumstances, conditions, events, incidents, or contractual obligations which may give rise to any common law environmental liability
or any liability under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 or similar federal, state, local
or foreign laws and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice with respect to any of the foregoing, nor
is any action pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened in connection with any of the foregoing. The term Environmental
Laws means all federal, state, local or foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including,
without limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including, without limitation, laws
relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances
or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing,
distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes,
decrees, demands or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations
issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder.

(ii)
Other than those that are or were stored, used or disposed of in compliance with applicable law, no Hazardous Materials are contained
on or about any real property currently owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and no Hazardous Materials were
released on or about any real property previously owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries during the period the
property was owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except in the normal course of the Companys or any
of its Subsidiaries business.

(
) There are no underground storage tanks on or under any real property owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
that are not in compliance with applicable law.

u.
Title to Property. The Company and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property and good
and marketable title to all personal property owned by them which is material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, in
each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and defects except such as would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Any real property
and facilities held under lease by the Company and its Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with
such exceptions as would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

v.
Insurance. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such
losses and risks and in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses in which the
Company and its Subsidiaries are engaged. Neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able
to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may
be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Upon written request the Company will
provide to the Buyer true and correct copies of all policies relating to directors and officers liability coverage, errors
and omissions coverage, and commercial general liability coverage.

w.
Internal Accounting Controls. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries maintain a system
of internal accounting controls sufficient, in the judgment of the Companys board of directors, to provide reasonable assurance
that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and to maintain
asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization
and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is
taken with respect to any differences.

8

x.Foreign
Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor any director, officer, agent, employee or other person acting
on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary has, in the course of his actions for, or on behalf of, the Company, used any corporate funds
for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity; made any direct or indirect
unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee from corporate funds; violated or is in violation of any
provision of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or made any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback
or other unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee.

y.Solvency.
The Company (after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) is solvent (i.e., its assets have a fair
market value in excess of the amount required to pay its probable liabilities on its existing debts as they become absolute and matured)
and currently the Company has no information that would lead it to reasonably conclude that the Company would not, after giving effect
to the transaction contemplated by this Agreement, have the ability to, nor does it intend to take any action that would impair its ability
to, pay its debts from time to time incurred in connection therewith as such debts mature. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents,
the Companys financial statements for its most recent fiscal year end and interim financial statements have been prepared assuming
the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the
normal course of business.

z.No
Investment Company. The Company is not, and upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as contemplated by this Agreement will not
be an investment company required to be registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (an Investment Company).

aa.
No Off Balance Sheet Arrangements. There is no transaction, arrangement, or other relationship between the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries and an unconsolidated or other off balance sheet entity that is required to be disclosed by the Company in its 1934 Act
filings and is not so disclosed or that otherwise could be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

bb.
No Disqualification Events. None of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer,
other officer of the Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding
voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the 1933
Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person) is subject to any
of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the 1933 Act (a Disqualification
Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to
determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event.

cc.
Manipulation of Price. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has: (i) taken, directly or indirectly,
any action designed to cause or to result, or that could reasonably be expected to cause or result, in the stabilization or manipulation
of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased,
or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any person any compensation
for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company.

dd.
Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956,
as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve).
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent (5%) or more of
the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity
that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates exercises
a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the
Federal Reserve.

9

ee.
Illegal or Unauthorized Payments; Political Contributions. Neither the Company nor 9 any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the Companys
knowledge, any of the officers, directors, employees, agents or other representatives of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any
other business entity or enterprise with which the Company or any Subsidiary is or has been affiliated or associated, has, directly or
indirectly, made or authorized any payment, contribution or gift of money, property, or services, whether or not in contravention of
applicable law, (i) as a kickback or bribe to any person or (ii) to any political organization, or the holder of or any aspirant to any
elective or appointive public office except for personal political contributions not involving the direct or indirect use of funds of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

4.
ADDITIONAL COVENANTS, AGREEMENTS AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS.

a.Reasonable
Best Efforts. The parties shall use their reasonable best efforts to satisfy timely each of the conditions described in Section 6
and 7 of this Agreement.

b.Form
D; Blue Sky Laws. The Company agrees to file a Form D with respect to the Securities if required under Regulation D and to provide
a copy thereof to the Buyer promptly after such filing. The Company shall, on or before the Closing Date, take such action as the Company
shall reasonably determine is necessary to qualify the Securities for sale to the Buyer at the applicable closing pursuant to this Agreement
under applicable securities or blue sky laws of the states of the United States (or to obtain an exemption from such qualification),
and shall provide evidence of any such action so taken to the Buyer on or prior to the Closing Date.

c.Use
of Proceeds. The Company shall use the Purchase Price for business development, and not for any other purpose, including but not
limited to (i) the repayment of any indebtedness owed to officers, directors or employees of the Company or their affiliates, (ii) the
repayment of any debt issued in corporate finance transactions (including but not limited to promissory notes that have the ability to
be converted into Common Stock), (iii) any loan to or investment in any other corporation, partnership, enterprise or other person (except
in connection with the Companys currently existing operations), (iv) any loan, credit, or advance to any officers, directors,
employees, or affiliates of the Company, or (v) in violation or contravention of any applicable law, rule or regulation.

d. [Intentionally
Omitted]

e.Usury.
To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever claim, and will
resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter
in force, in connection with any action or proceeding that may be brought by the Buyer in order to enforce any right or remedy under
this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary
contained in this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, it is expressly agreed and provided
that the total liability of the Company under this Agreement, the Note or any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby
for payments which under applicable law are in the nature of interest shall not exceed the maximum lawful rate authorized under applicable
law (the Maximum Rate), and, without limiting the foregoing, in no event shall any rate of interest or default interest,
or both of them, when aggregated with any other sums which under applicable law in the nature of interest that the Company may be obligated
to pay under this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby exceed such Maximum Rate. It is
agreed that if the maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law applicable to this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement
or instrument contemplated thereby is increased or decreased by statute or any official governmental action subsequent to the date hereof,
the new maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law will be the Maximum Rate applicable to this Agreement, the Note and any document,
agreement or instrument contemplated thereby from the effective date thereof forward, unless such application is precluded by applicable
law. If under any circumstances whatsoever, interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to the Buyer with respect to
indebtedness evidenced by this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, such excess shall
be applied by the Buyer to the unpaid principal balance of any such indebtedness or be refunded to the Company, the manner of handling
such excess to be at the Buyers election.

f.Restriction
on Activities. Commencing as of the date first above written, and until the earlier of payment of the Note in full or full conversion
of the Note, the Company shall not, directly or indirectly, without the Buyers prior written consent, which consent shall not
be unreasonably withheld: (a) change the nature of its business; or (b) sell, divest, acquire, change the structure of any material assets
other than in the ordinary course of business.

10

g.Listing.
The Company will, so long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, maintain the listing and trading of its Common Stock on the Principal
Market or any equivalent replacement exchange or electronic quotation system (including but not limited to the Pink Sheets electronic
quotation system) and will comply in all material respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the
bylaws or rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) and such exchanges, as applicable.

h.Corporate
Existence. The Company will, so long as the Buyer beneficially owns any of the Securities, maintain its corporate existence and shall
not sell all or substantially all of the Companys assets, except in the event of a merger or consolidation with the written consent
of the Buyer or sale of all or substantially all of the Companys assets with the written consent of the Buyer, where the surviving
or successor entity in such transaction (i) assumes the Companys obligations hereunder and under the agreements and instruments
entered into in connection herewith and (ii) is a publicly traded corporation whose Common Stock is listed for trading or quotation on
the Principal Market, any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market, the New York Stock Exchange or the NYSE American.

i.No
Integration. The Company shall not make any offers or sales of any security (other than the Securities) under circumstances that
would require registration of the Securities being offered or sold hereunder under the 1933 Act or cause the offering of the Securities
to be integrated with any other offering of securities by the Company for the purpose of any stockholder approval provision applicable
to the Company or its securities, except with respect to the Common Stock issuable pursuant to the EPA.

j.Compliance
with 1934 Act; Public Information Failures. For so long as the Buyer beneficially owns the Note or any Conversion Shares, the Company
shall comply with the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act; and the Company shall continue to be subject to the reporting requirements
of the 1934 Act.

k.Acknowledgement
Regarding Buyers Trading Activity. Until the Note is fully repaid or fully converted, the Buyer shall not effect any short
sale (as such term is defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO of the 1934 Act) of the Common Stock which establishes a net short
position with respect to the Common Stock.

l.Legal
Counsel Opinions. Upon the request of the Buyer from to time to time, the Company shall be responsible (at its cost) for promptly
supplying to the Companys transfer agent and the Buyer a customary legal opinion letter of its counsel (the Legal Counsel
Opinion) to the effect that the resale of the Conversion Shares by the Buyer or its affiliates, successors and assigns is exempt
from the registration requirements of the 1933 Act pursuant to Rule 144 (provided the requirements of Rule 144 are satisfied and provided
the Conversion Shares are not then registered under the 1933 Act for resale pursuant to an effective registration statement) or other
applicable exemption (provided the requirements of such other applicable exemption are satisfied). In addition, the Buyer may (at the
Companys cost) at any time secure its own legal counsel to issue the Legal Counsel Opinion, and the Company will instruct its
transfer agent to accept such opinion.

m.Piggy-Back
Registration Rights. The Company hereby grants to the Buyer the piggyback registration rights set forth in Exhibit B hereto.

n.Most
Favored Nation. While the Note or any principal amount, interest or fees or expenses due thereunder remain outstanding and unpaid,
the Company shall not enter into any public or private offering of its securities (including securities convertible into shares of Common
Stock) with any individual or entity (an Other Investor) that has the effect of establishing rights or otherwise benefiting
such Other Investor in a manner more favorable in any material respect to such Other Investor (even if the Other Investor does not receive
the benefit of such more favorable term until a default occurs under such other security) than the rights and benefits established in
favor of the Buyer by this Agreement or the Note unless, in any such case, the Buyer has been provided with such rights and benefits
pursuant to a definitive written agreement or agreements between the Company and the Buyer.

11

o.Subsequent
Variable Rate Transactions. From the date hereof and continuing for so long as not less than $100,000 remains outstanding under the
Note, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable
Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible
into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive, additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion
price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices of or quotations for
the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (B) with a conversion, exercise
or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon
the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the
Common Stock or (ii) enters into any agreement, including, but not limited to, an Equity Line of Credit (as defined in the Note), whereby
the Company may issue securities at a future determined price. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Variable Rate Transaction shall not include
debt securities that are only convertible or exchangeable into Common Stock after the Note is fully converted or fully repaid. The Buyer
shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to
any right to collect damages.

p.Non-Public
Information. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other person
acting on its behalf will provide the Buyer or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably
believes constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto the Buyer shall have consented to the receipt of such information
and agreed with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that the Buyer shall be relying
on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company delivers any material,
non-public information to the Buyer without such Buyers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Buyer shall
not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents,
employees or affiliates, not to trade on the basis of, such material, non- public information, provided that the Buyer shall remain subject
to applicable law. To the extent that any notice provided, information provided, or any other communications made by the Company, to
the Buyer, constitutes or contains material non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously
file such notice or other material information with the SEC pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. In addition to any other remedies
provided by this Agreement or the related transaction documents, if the Company provides any material non-public information to the Buyer
without their prior written consent, and it fails to immediately (no later than that business day) file a Form 8-K disclosing this material
non-public information, it shall pay the Buyer as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty a sum equal to the actual damages incurred
by Buyer (not to exceed $3,000 per day) during the period beginning with the day the information is disclosed to the Buyer and ending
and including the day the Form 8-K disclosing this information is filed, as a result of the Companys failure to immediately file
such Form 8-K.

q. [Intentionally
omitted].

r.Shareholder
Approval. Shareholder Approval means the approval of a sufficient amount of holders of the Companys Common Stock
to satisfy the shareholder approval requirements for such action as provided in Nasdaq Rule 5635(d), to effectuate the transactions contemplated
by the January 2025 Offering (including but not limited to the issuance of all of the Securities), and issue Common Stock in excess of
19.99% of the issued and outstanding Common Stock on the Closing Date.

s.No
Broker-Dealer Acknowledgement. Absent a final adjudication from a court of competent jurisdiction stating otherwise, the Company
shall not to any person, institution, governmental or other entity, state, claim, allege, or in any way assert, that Buyer is currently,
or ever has been, a broker-dealer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

12

5.
Transfer Agent Instructions. The Company shall issue irrevocable instructions to the Companys transfer agent to issue certificates
and/or issue shares electronically at the Buyers option, registered in the name of the Buyer or its nominee, upon conversion of
the Note, the Conversion Shares, in such amounts as specified from time to time by the Buyer to the Company in accordance with the terms
thereof (the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions). In the event that the Company proposes to replace its transfer agent,
the Company shall provide, prior to the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions
in a form as initially delivered pursuant to this Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserved shares
of Common Stock in the Reserved Amount (as defined in the Note)) signed by the successor transfer agent to the Company and the Company.
Prior to registration of the Conversion Shares under the 1933 Act or the date on which the Conversion Shares may be sold pursuant to
Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of Securities as of a particular
date that can then be immediately sold, all such certificates or book entry shares shall bear the restrictive legend specified in Section
2(g) of this Agreement. The Company warrants that: (i) no instruction other than the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions referred
to in this Section 5 will be given by the Company to its transfer agent and that the Securities shall otherwise be freely transferable
on the books and records of the Company as and to the extent provided in this Agreement and the Note; (ii) it will not direct its transfer
agent not to transfer or delay, impair, and/or hinder its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing)(electronically or in certificated
form) any certificate for Securities to be issued to the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note as and when required
by the Note and this Agreement; (iii) it will not fail to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove or impairs, delays, and/or
hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on
any certificate for any Securities issued to the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note as and when required by the
Note and/or this Agreement and (iv) it will provide any required corporate resolutions and issuance approvals to its transfer agent within
6 hours of each conversion of the Note. Nothing in this Section shall affect in any way the Buyers obligations and agreement set
forth in Section 2(g) hereof to comply with all applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any, upon re-sale of the Securities.
If the Buyer provides the Company, at the cost of the Company, with (i) an opinion of counsel in form, substance and scope customary
for opinions in comparable transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Securities may be made without registration
under the 1933 Act and such sale or transfer is effected or (ii) the Buyer provides reasonable assurances that the Securities can be
sold pursuant to 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption, the Company shall permit the transfer, and, in the case
of the Securities, promptly instruct its transfer agent to issue one or more certificates, free from restrictive legend, in such name
and in such denominations as specified by the Buyer. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause
irreparable harm to the Buyer, by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transactions contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company
acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Section 5 may be inadequate and agrees, in the event of
a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Section, that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all
other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any breach and requiring immediate transfer, without the necessity of showing
economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.

6.
Conditions to the Companys Obligation to Sell. The obligation of the Company hereunder to issue and sell the Note to the
Buyer at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions thereto, provided
that these conditions are for the Companys sole benefit and may be waived by the Company at any time in its sole discretion:

a.
The Buyer shall have executed this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement, and delivered the same to the
Company.

t. The
Buyer shall have delivered the Purchase Price in accordance with Section 1(b) above.

u. The
representations and warranties of the Buyer shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the
Closing Date, as though made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date), and the Buyer
shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this
Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Buyer at or prior to the Closing Date.

v. No
litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or
endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority
over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

7.
Conditions to The Buyers Obligation to Purchase. The obligation of the Buyer hereunder to purchase the Note, on the Closing
Date, is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions
are for the Buyers sole benefit and may be waived by the Buyer at any time in its sole discretion:

a.
The Company shall have executed this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement, and delivered the same to the Buyer.

b.
The Company shall have delivered to the Buyer the duly executed Note in such denominations as the Buyer shall request and in accordance
with Section 1(b) above.

13

c.
The Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, in form and substance satisfactory to the Buyer, shall have been delivered to and acknowledged
in writing by the Companys Transfer Agent.

d.
The representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as
of Closing Date, as though made at such time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date) and the Company
shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this
Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Closing Date.

e.
No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated
or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority
over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

f.
No event shall have occurred which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company including but not limited
to a change in the 1934 Act reporting status of the Company or the failure of the Company to be timely in its 1934 Act reporting obligations.

g.
Trading in the Common Stock on the Principal Market shall not have been suspended by the SEC, FINRA or the Principal Market.

h.
The Company shall have delivered to the Buyer (i) a certificate evidencing the formation and good standing of the Company and each of
its Subsidiaries in such entitys jurisdiction of formation issued by the Secretary of State (or comparable office) of such jurisdiction,
as of a date within ten (10) days of the Closing Date and (ii) resolutions adopted by the Companys Board of Directors at a duly
called meeting or by unanimous written consent authorizing this Agreement and all other documents, instruments and transactions contemplated
hereby.

i.
The Company shall have delivered to the Buyer a legal opinion from the Companys counsel covering the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents in a customary form reasonably acceptable to the Buyer.

14

8.
Governing Law; Miscellaneous.

a.
Arbitration of Claims; Governing Law; Venue. The Company and Buyer shall submit all Claims (as defined in Exhibit D of this Purchase
Agreement) (the Claims) arising under this Agreement or any other agreement between the Company and Buyer or their respective
affiliates (including but not limited to the Transaction Documents) or any Claim relating to the relationship of the Company and Buyer
or their respective affiliates to binding arbitration pursuant to the arbitration provisions set forth in Exhibit D of the Purchase Agreement
(the Arbitration Provisions). The Company and Buyer hereby acknowledge and agree that the Arbitration Provisions are unconditionally
binding on the Company and Buyer hereto and are severable from all other provisions of this Agreement. By executing this Agreement, Company
represents, warrants and covenants that Company has reviewed the Arbitration Provisions carefully, consulted with legal counsel about
such provisions (or waived its right to do so), understands that the Arbitration Provisions are intended to allow for the expeditious
and efficient resolution of any dispute hereunder, agrees to the terms and limitations set forth in the Arbitration Provisions, and that
Company will not take a position contrary to the foregoing representations. Company acknowledges and agrees that Buyer may rely upon
the foregoing representations and covenants of Company regarding the Arbitration Provisions. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced
in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and performance of this Agreement shall be
governed by, the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule
(whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other
than the State of Delaware. The Company and Buyer consent to and expressly agree that the exclusive venue for arbitration of any Claims
arising under this Agreement or any other agreement between the Company and Buyer or their respective affiliates (including but not limited
to the Transaction Documents) or any Claim relating to the relationship of the Company and Buyer or their respective affiliates shall
be in New Castle County, State of Delaware. Without modifying the Companys and Buyers mandatory obligations to resolve
disputes hereunder pursuant to the Arbitration Provisions, for any litigation arising in connection with any of the Transaction Documents
(and notwithstanding the terms (specifically including any governing law and venue terms) of any transfer agent services agreement or
other agreement between the Companys transfer agent and the Company, such litigation specifically includes, without limitation
any action between or involving Company and the Companys transfer agent under the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions or otherwise
related to Buyer in any way (specifically including, without limitation, any action where Company seeks to obtain an injunction, temporary
restraining order, or otherwise prohibit the Companys transfer agent from issuing shares of Common Stock to Buyer for any reason)),
each party hereto hereby (i) consents to and expressly submits to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of any state or federal court sitting
in New Castle County, State of Delaware, (ii) expressly submits to the exclusive venue of any such court for the purposes hereof, (iii)
agrees to not bring any such action (specifically including, without limitation, any action where Company seeks to obtain an injunction,
temporary restraining order, or otherwise prohibit the Companys transfer agent from issuing shares of Common Stock to Buyer for
any reason) outside of any state or federal court sitting in New Castle County, State of Delaware, and (iv) waives any claim of improper
venue and any claim or objection that such courts are an inconvenient forum or any other claim, defense or objection to the bringing
of any such proceeding in such jurisdiction or to any claim that such venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper. Notwithstanding
anything in the foregoing to the contrary, nothing herein shall limit, or shall be deemed or construed to limit, the ability of the Buyer
to realize on any collateral or any other security, or to enforce a judgment or other court ruling in favor of the Buyer, including through
a legal action in any court of competent jurisdiction. The Company hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action
or proceeding, any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder, any claim that it is not personally subject
to the jurisdiction of any such court, and any claim that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that
the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper (including but not limited to based upon forum non conveniens). THE
COMPANY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE
HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. The Company irrevocably
waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Agreement
or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby by mailing a copy thereof via registered or
certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to Company at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement
and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall
be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. The prevailing party in any action or
dispute brought in connection with this Agreement or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or
thereby shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorneys fees and costs. If any provision of this Agreement
shall be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability
of the remainder of this Agreement in that jurisdiction or the validity or enforceability of any provision of this Agreement in any other
jurisdiction.

b.Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute
one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party.
A facsimile or .pdf signature shall be considered due execution and shall be binding upon the signatory thereto with the same force and
effect as if the signature were an original, not a facsimile or .pdf signature. Delivery of a counterpart signature hereto by facsimile
or email/.pdf transmission shall be deemed validly delivery thereof.

c.Construction;
Headings. This Agreement shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Buyer and shall not be construed against any
person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not form part of, or affect
the interpretation of, this Agreement.

d.Severability.
In the event that any provision of this Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement or instrument delivered in connection herewith
is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent
that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may
prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement,
the Note, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby.

e.Entire
Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement, the Note, and the instruments referenced herein contain the entire understanding of the parties
with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither the Company nor
the Buyer makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. No provision of this Agreement or
any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby may be waived or amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by the Buyer.

15

f.Notices.
All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing
and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by hand delivery,
telegram, e-mail or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently
by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a) upon hand
delivery or delivery by e-mail or facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, at the address
or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the
first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice
is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed
to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses for such communications shall be:

If
to the Company, to:

YOSHIHARU
GLOBAL CO.

6940
Beach Blvd., Suite D-705

Buena
Park, CA 90621

Attention:
James Chae

e-mail:
jchae@yoshiharuramen.com

If
to the Buyer:

CROM
STRUCTURED OPPORTUNITIES FUND I, LP

228
Park Avenue South PMB 57033

New
York, NY 10003

e-mail:
john@crom-llc.com and liam@crom-llc.com

g.Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and assigns. The Company
shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Buyer. The Buyer may
assign its rights hereunder to any accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a) of the 1933 Act) in a private transaction
from the Buyer or to any of its affiliates, as that term is defined under the 1934 Act, without the consent of the Company.

h.Third
Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and
assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other person.

i.Survival.
The representations and warranties of the Company and the agreements and covenants set forth in this Agreement shall survive the
closing hereunder notwithstanding any due diligence investigation conducted by or on behalf of the Buyer. The Company agrees to indemnify
and hold harmless the Buyer and all their officers, directors, employees and agents for loss or damage arising as a result of or related
to any breach or alleged breach by the Company of any of its representations, warranties and covenants set forth in this Agreement or
any of its covenants and obligations under this Agreement, including advancement of expenses as they are incurred.

j.Publicity.
The Company, and the Buyer shall have the right to review a reasonable period of time before issuance of any press releases, SEC,
Principal Market or FINRA filings, or any other public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby; provided,
however, that the Company shall be entitled, without the prior approval of the Buyer, to make any press release or SEC, Principal
Market (or other applicable trading market) or FINRA filings with respect to such transactions as is required by applicable law and regulations
(although the Buyer shall be consulted by the Company in connection with any such press release prior to its release and shall be provided
with a copy thereof and be given an opportunity to comment thereon).

16

k.Further
Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute
and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to
carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

l.No
Strict Construction. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their
mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party.

m.Indemnification.
In consideration of the Buyers execution and delivery of this Agreement and acquiring the Securities hereunder, and in addition
to all of the Companys other obligations under this Agreement or the Note, the Company shall defend, protect, indemnify and hold
harmless the Buyer and its stockholders, partners, members, officers, directors, employees and direct or indirect investors and any of
the foregoing persons agents or other representatives (including, without limitation, those retained in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement) (collectively, the Indemnitees) from and against any and all actions, causes of action,
suits, claims, losses, costs, penalties, fees, liabilities and damages, and expenses in connection therewith (irrespective of whether
any such Indemnitee is a party to the action for which indemnification hereunder is sought), and including reasonable attorneys
fees and disbursements (the Indemnified Liabilities), incurred by any Indemnitee as a result of, or arising out of, or
relating to (a) any misrepresentation or breach of any representation or warranty made by the Company in this Agreement, the Note or
any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, (b) any breach of any covenant, agreement or
obligation of the Company contained in this Agreement, the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated
hereby or thereby or (c) any cause of action, suit or claim brought or made against such Indemnitee by a third party (including for these
purposes a derivative action brought on behalf of the Company) and arising out of or resulting from (i) the execution, delivery, performance
or enforcement of this Agreement, the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby,
(ii) any transaction financed or to be financed in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, with the proceeds of the issuance of the
Securities, or (iii) the status of the Buyer or holder of the Securities as an investor in the Company pursuant to the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement. To the extent that the foregoing undertaking by the Company may be unenforceable for any reason, the Company shall
make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities that is permissible under applicable
law.

n.Remedies.
The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer by vitiating the
intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach
of its material obligations under this Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated
hereby or thereby will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this
Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, that the Buyer shall
be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to
an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement, certificate,
instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof and thereof, without
the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.

o.Payment
Set Aside. To the extent that the (i) Company makes a payment or payments to the Buyer hereunder, pursuant to the Note, or pursuant
to any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, or (ii) the Buyer enforces or exercises its
rights hereunder, pursuant to the Note, or pursuant to any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or
thereby, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof (including but not limited
to the sale of the Securities) are for any reason (i) subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside,
recovered from, or disgorged by the Buyer, or (ii) are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee,
receiver, government entity, or any other person or entity under any law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, foreign,
state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then (i) to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part
thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made
or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred and (ii) the Company shall immediately pay to the Buyer a dollar amount equal to the amount
that was for any reason (i) subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, or disgorged
by the Buyer, or (ii) required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver, government entity, or
any other person or entity under any law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, foreign, state or federal law, common law
or equitable cause of action).

17

p.Failure
or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Buyer in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further
exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies of the Buyer existing hereunder are cumulative to,
and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available.

q.Electronic
Signature. This Agreement may be executed and delivered in one or more counterparts (including by facsimile or electronic mail or
in .pdf or any other form of electronic delivery (including any electronic signature complying with U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000))
and by different parties in separate counterparts, with the same effect as if all parties hereto had signed the same document. All counterparts
so executed and delivered shall be construed together and shall constitute one and the same agreement.

r.Leak
Out. The Buyers sale of the Conversion Shares, on each respective Trading Day during the Leak Out Period (as defined in this
Agreement), shall be limited to the greater of (i) a gross dollar amount of $10,000.00 or (ii) 20% of the Daily Dollar Volume (as defined
in this Agreement) on the respective Trading Day. Leak Out Period shall mean the period beginning on the date of this Agreement
and ending on the date that an Event of Default (as defined in the Note) occurs under the Note. Daily Dollar Volume shall
mean, with respect to each Trading Day, the total volume of shares of the Common Stock traded on the respective Trading Day (including
pre-market and after-market trades) as reported by Nasdaq or other quotation service provider designated by the Buyer multiplied by the
VWAP (as defined in the Note) of the Common Stock on the respective Trading Day as reported by Nasdaq or other quotation service provider
designated by the Buyer. If Buyer effectuates a conversion under the Note during the Leak Out Period, then the Company may request the
trade activity confirmations from Buyer with respect to Buyers sale of the Conversion Shares during the three (3) Trading Days
after the respective conversion date, for purposes of confirming compliance with this Section 8(r).

[Signature
Page Follows]

18

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Buyer and the Company have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

YOSHIHARU GLOBAL CO. 

By: 

Name:
JAMES
CHAE 

Title:
CHIEF
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

CROM
STRUCTURED OPPORTUNITIES FUND I, LP 

By:
CROM
STRUCTURED OPPORTUNITIES FUND I GP, LLC, its General Partner 

By:
CROM
CORTANA FUND LLC, member of the General Partner 

By:

Name:
LIAM
SHERIF 

Title:
AUTHORIZED
SIGNATORY 

SUBSCRIPTION
AMOUNT:

Principal
Amount of Note: $1,100,000.00

Actual
Amount of Purchase Price of Note: $1,000,000.00

19

EXHIBIT
A

FORM
OF NOTE

[attached
hereto]

20

EXHIBIT
B

PIGGY-BACK
REGISTRATION RIGHTS

All
of the Conversion Shares shall be deemed Registrable Securities subject to the provisions of this Exhibit B. All capitalized
terms used but not defined in this Exhibit B shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Securities Purchase Agreement to which
this Exhibit is attached.

1.
Piggy-Back Registration.

1.1
Piggy-Back Rights. If at any time on or after the date of the Closing the Company proposes to file any Registration Statement
under the 1933 Act (a Registration Statement) with respect to any offering of equity securities, or securities or other
obligations exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into, equity securities, by the Company for its own account or for shareholders
of the Company for their account (or by the Company and by shareholders of the Company), other than a Registration Statement (i) filed
in connection with any employee stock option or other benefit plan on Form S-8, (ii) for a dividend reinvestment plan or (iii) in connection
with a merger or acquisition, then the Company shall (x) give written notice of such proposed filing to the holders of Registrable Securities
appearing on the books and records of the Company as such a holder as soon as practicable but in no event less than ten (10) days before
the anticipated filing date of the Registration Statement, which notice shall describe the amount and type of securities to be included
in such Registration Statement, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing underwriter or underwriters,
if any, of the offering, and (y) offer to the holders of Registrable Securities in such notice the opportunity to register the sale of
such number of Registrable Securities as such holders may request in writing within three (3) days following receipt of such notice (a
Piggy-Back Registration). The Company shall cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such registration and shall
cause the managing underwriter or underwriters of a proposed underwritten offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested to
be included in a Piggy-Back Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company and to permit the
sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof (with the
understanding that the Company shall file the initial prospectus covering the Buyers sale of the Registrable Securities at prevailing
market prices on the same date that the Registration Statement is declared effective by the SEC).

1.2
Withdrawal. Any holder of Registrable Securities may elect to withdraw such holders request for inclusion of Registrable
Securities in any Piggy-Back Registration by giving written notice to the Company of such request to withdraw prior to the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement. The Company (whether on its own determination or as the result of a withdrawal by persons making a demand
pursuant to written contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration
Statement. Notwithstanding any such withdrawal, the Company shall pay all expenses incurred by the holders of Registrable Securities
in connection with such Piggy-Back Registration as provided in Section 1.5 below.

1.3
The Company shall notify the holders of Registrable Securities at any time when a prospectus relating to such holders Registrable
Securities is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act, upon discovery that, or upon the happening of any event as a result of which,
the prospectus included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances
then existing. At the request of such holder, the Company shall also prepare, file and furnish to such holder a reasonable number of
copies of a supplement to or an amendment of such prospectus as may be necessary so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of
the Registrable Securities, such prospectus shall not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances then existing.
The holders of Registrable Securities shall not to offer or sell any Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement after
receipt of such notification until the receipt of such supplement or amendment.

1.4
The Company may request a holder of Registrable Securities to furnish the Company such information with respect to such holder and such
holders proposed distribution of the Registrable Securities pursuant
to the Registration Statement as the Company may from time to time reasonably request in writing or as shall be required by law or by
the SEC in connection therewith, and such holders shall furnish the Company with such information.

21

1.5
All fees and expenses incident to the performance of or compliance with this Exhibit B by the Company shall be borne by the
Company whether or not any Registrable Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses referred to
in the foregoing sentence shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation,
fees and expenses of the Companys counsel and independent registered public accountants) (A) with respect to filings made
with the SEC, (B) with respect to filings required to be made with any trading market on which the Common Stock is then listed for
trading, (C) in compliance with applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws reasonably agreed to by the Company in writing
(including, without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company in connection with Blue Sky qualifications or
exemptions of the Registrable Securities) and (D) with respect to any filing that may be required to be made by any broker through
which a holder of Registrable Securities intends to make sales of Registrable Securities with the FINRA, (ii) printing expenses,
(iii) messenger, telephone and delivery expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, (v) 1933 Act liability
insurance, if the Company so desires such insurance, (vi) fees and expenses of all other persons or entities retained by the Company
in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Exhibit B and (vii) reasonable fees and disbursements
of a single special counsel for the holders of Registrable Securities (selected by holders of the majority of the Registrable
Securities requesting such registration). In addition, the Company shall be responsible for all of its internal expenses incurred in
connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation, all salaries and
expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expense of any annual audit and the fees and
expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any securities exchange as required hereunder. In
no event shall the Company be responsible for any broker or similar commissions of any holder of Registrable Securities.

1.6
The Company and its successors and assigns shall indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer, each holder of Registrable
Securities, the officers, directors, members, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with a
functionally equivalent role of a person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each of
them, each individual or entity who controls the Buyer or any such holder of Registrable Securities (within the meaning of Section
15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act) and the officers, directors, members, stockholders, partners, agents and employees
(and any other individuals or entities with a functionally equivalent role of a person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack
of such title or any other title) of each such controlling individual or entity (each, an Indemnified Party), to the
fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including,
without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses (collectively, Losses), as incurred, arising
out of or relating to (1) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in a Registration Statement, any
related prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising
out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein (in the case of any such prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made) not misleading or (2) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act or any state securities
law, or any rule or regulation thereunder, in connection with the performance of its obligations under this Exhibit B, except to the
extent, but only to the extent, that (i) such untrue statements or omissions are based upon information regarding the Buyer or such
holder of Registrable Securities furnished to the Company by such party for use therein. The Company shall notify the Buyer and each
holder of Registrable Securities promptly of the institution, threat or assertion of any proceeding arising from or in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Exhibit B of which the Company is aware.

1.7
If the indemnification under Section 1.6 is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party
harmless for any Losses, then the Company shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party, in such
proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Company and Indemnified Party in connection with the actions,
statements or omissions that resulted in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of
the Company and Indemnified Party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including
any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has been taken or made
by, or relates to information supplied by, the Company or the Indemnified Party, and the parties relative intent, knowledge,
access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a
party as a result of any Losses shall be deemed to include any reasonable attorneys or other fees or expenses incurred by
such party in connection with any proceeding to the extent such party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the
indemnification provided for in Section 1.6 was available to such party in accordance with its terms. It is agreed that it would not
be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 1.7 were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of
allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately preceding sentence.
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 1.7, neither the Buyer nor any holder of Registrable Securities shall be required to
contribute, in the aggregate, any amount in excess of the amount by which the net proceeds actually received by such party from the
sale of all of their Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement or related prospectus exceeds the amount of any
damages that such party has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or
alleged omission.

[End
of Exhibit B]

22

EXHIBIT
C

FORM
OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 

[attached
hereto]

23

EXHIBIT
D

ARBITRATION
PROVISIONS

1.Dispute
Resolution. Each party consents to and expressly agrees that the exclusive venue for arbitration of any dispute arising out of or
relating to any of the Transaction Documents or the relationship of the parties or their affiliates shall be in New Castle County, State
of Delaware. For purposes of this Exhibit D, the term Claims means any disputes, claims, demands, causes
of action, requests for injunctive relief, requests for specific performance, questions regarding severability of any provisions of the
Transaction Documents, liabilities, damages, losses, or controversies whatsoever arising from, related to, or connected with the transactions
contemplated in the Transaction Documents and any communications between the parties related thereto, including without limitation any
claims of mutual mistake, mistake, fraud, misrepresentation, failure of formation, failure of consideration, promissory estoppel, unconscionability,
failure of condition precedent, rescission, and any statutory claims, tort claims, contract claims, or claims to void, invalidate or
terminate the Agreement (or these Arbitration Provisions (defined below)) or any of the other Transaction Documents. The term Claims
specifically excludes a dispute over the Note Calculations (as defined in the Note), and the parties hereby acknowledge and agree that
a dispute over any Note Calculations (as defined in the Note) shall be resolved by the parties as expressly provided for in the Note.
The parties to this Agreement (the parties) hereby agree that the Claims may be arbitrated in one or more Arbitrations
pursuant to these Arbitration Provisions (one for an injunction or injunctions and a separate one for all other Claims). The parties
hereby agree that the arbitration provisions set forth in this Exhibit D (Arbitration Provisions) are binding
on each of them. As a result, any attempt to rescind the Agreement (or these Arbitration Provisions) or any other Transaction Document)
or declare the Agreement (or these Arbitration Provisions) or any other Transaction Document invalid or unenforceable pursuant to Section
29 of the 1934 Act or for any other reason is subject to these Arbitration Provisions. These Arbitration Provisions shall also survive
any termination or expiration of the Agreement. Any capitalized term not defined in these Arbitration Provisions shall have the meaning
set forth in the Agreement.

2.Arbitration.
Except as otherwise provided herein, all Claims must be submitted to arbitration (Arbitration) to be conducted exclusively
in New Castle County, State of Delaware, and pursuant to the terms set forth in these Arbitration Provisions. Subject to the arbitration
appeal right provided for in Paragraph 5 below (the Appeal Right), the parties agree that the award of the arbitrator
rendered pursuant to Paragraph 4 below (the Arbitration Award) shall be (a) final and binding upon the parties,
(b) the sole and exclusive remedy between them regarding any Claims, counterclaims, issues, or accountings presented or pleaded to the
arbitrator, and (c) promptly payable in United States dollars free of any tax, deduction or offset (with respect to monetary awards).
Subject to the Appeal Right, any costs or fees, including without limitation reasonable attorneys fees, incurred in connection
with or incident to enforcing the Arbitration Award shall, to the maximum extent permitted by law, be charged against the party resisting
such enforcement. The Arbitration Award shall include Default Interest (as defined or otherwise provided for in the Note, Default
Interest) (with respect to monetary awards) at the rate specified in the Note for Default Interest both before and after the
Arbitration Award. Judgment upon the Arbitration Award will be entered and enforced by any state or federal court sitting in the State
of Delaware.

3.The
Arbitration Act. The parties hereby incorporate herein the provisions and procedures set forth in the Delaware Uniform Arbitration
Act, Title 10 Chapter 57 (as amended or superseded from time to time, the Arbitration Act). Notwithstanding the
foregoing, pursuant to, and to the maximum extent permitted by, the Arbitration Act, in the event of conflict or variation between the
terms of these Arbitration Provisions and the provisions of the Arbitration Act, the terms of these Arbitration Provisions shall control
and the parties hereby waive or otherwise agree to vary the effect of all requirements of the Arbitration Act that may conflict with
or vary from these Arbitration Provisions.

4.Arbitration
Proceedings. Arbitration between the parties will be subject to the following:

4.1 Initiation
of Arbitration. Pursuant to the Arbitration Act, the parties agree that a party may initiate Arbitration by giving
written notice to the other party (Arbitration Notice) in the same manner that notice is permitted under
Section 8(f) of the Agreement; provided, however, that the Arbitration Notice may not be given by email or fax. Arbitration
will be deemed initiated as of the date that the Arbitration Notice is deemed physically delivered to such other party under Section
8(f) of the Agreement (the Service Date). After the Service Date, information may be delivered, and notices may
be given, by email or fax pursuant to Section 8(f) of the Agreement or any other method permitted thereunder. The Arbitration Notice
must describe the nature of the controversy, the remedies sought, and the election to commence Arbitration proceedings. All Claims
in the Arbitration Notice must be pleaded consistent with the Delaware Rules of Civil Procedure.

24

4.2
Selection and Payment of Arbitrator.

(a)
Within ten (10) calendar days after the Service Date, Buyer shall select and submit to Company the names of three (3) arbitrators that
are designated as neutrals or qualified arbitrators by American Arbitration Association (AAA) (https://www.adr.org/)
or other arbitration service provider agreed upon by the parties (such three (3) designated persons hereunder are referred to herein
as the Proposed Arbitrators). For the avoidance of doubt, each Proposed Arbitrator must be qualified as a neutral
with AAA or other arbitration service provider agreed upon by the parties. Within five (5) calendar days after Buyer has submitted to
Company the names of the Proposed Arbitrators, Company must select, by written notice to Buyer, one (1) of the Proposed Arbitrators to
act as the arbitrator for the parties under these Arbitration Provisions. If Company fails to select one of the Proposed Arbitrators
in writing within such 5-day period, then Buyer may select the arbitrator from the Proposed Arbitrators by providing written notice of
such selection to Company.

(b)
If Buyer fails to submit to Company the Proposed Arbitrators within ten (10) calendar days after the Service Date pursuant to subparagraph
(a) above, then Company may at any time prior to Buyer so designating the Proposed Arbitrators, identify the names of three (3) arbitrators
that are designated as neutrals or qualified arbitrators by AAA or other arbitration service provider agreed upon by the
parties by written notice to Buyer. Buyer may then, within five (5) calendar days after Company has submitted notice of its Proposed
Arbitrators to Buyer, select, by written notice to Company, one (1) of the Proposed Arbitrators to act as the arbitrator for the parties
under these Arbitration Provisions. If Buyer fails to select in writing and within such 5-day period one (1) of the three (3) Proposed
Arbitrators selected by Company, then Company may select the arbitrator from its three (3) previously selected Proposed Arbitrators by
providing written notice of such selection to Buyer.

(c)
If a Proposed Arbitrator chosen to serve as arbitrator declines or is otherwise unable to serve as arbitrator, then the party that selected
such Proposed Arbitrator may select one (1) of the other three (3) Proposed Arbitrators within three (3) calendar days of the date the
chosen Proposed Arbitrator declines or notifies the parties he or she is unable to serve as arbitrator. If all three (3) Proposed Arbitrators
decline or are otherwise unable to serve as arbitrator, then the arbitrator selection process shall begin again in accordance with this
Paragraph 4.2.

(d)
The date that the Proposed Arbitrator selected pursuant to this Paragraph 4.2 agrees in writing (including via email) delivered to both
parties to serve as the arbitrator hereunder is referred to herein as the Arbitration Commencement Date. If an arbitrator
resigns or is unable to act during the Arbitration, a replacement arbitrator shall be chosen in accordance with this Paragraph 4.2 to
continue the Arbitration. If AAA or other arbitration service provider agreed upon by the parties ceases to exist or to provide a list
of neutrals and there is no successor thereto, then replacement arbitrators shall be selected by both parties within five (5) calendar
days thereafter.

(e)
Subject to Paragraph 4.10 below, the cost of the arbitrator must be paid equally by both parties. Subject to Paragraph 4.10 below, if
one party refuses or fails to pay its portion of the arbitrator fee, then the other party can advance such unpaid amount (subject to
the accrual of Default Interest thereupon), with such amount being added to or subtracted from, as applicable, the Arbitration Award.

4.3 Applicability
of Certain Delaware Rules. The parties agree that the Arbitration shall be conducted generally in accordance with the
Delaware Rules of Civil Procedure and the Delaware Rules of Evidence. More specifically, the Delaware Rules of Civil Procedure shall
apply, without limitation, to the filing of any pleadings, motions or memoranda, the conducting of discovery, and the taking of any
depositions. The Delaware Rules of Evidence shall apply to any hearings, whether telephonic or in person, held by the arbitrator.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is the parties intent that the incorporation of such rules will in no event supersede these
Arbitration Provisions. In the event of any conflict between the Delaware Rules of Civil Procedure or the Delaware Rules of Evidence
and these Arbitration Provisions, these Arbitration Provisions shall control.

4.4
Answer and Default. An answer and any counterclaims to the Arbitration Notice shall be required to be delivered to the party initiating
the Arbitration within twenty (20) calendar days after the Arbitration Commencement Date. If an answer is not delivered by the required
deadline, the arbitrator must provide written notice to the defaulting party stating that the arbitrator will enter a default award against
such party if such party does not file an answer within five (5) calendar days of receipt of such notice. If an answer is not filed within
the five (5) day extension period, the arbitrator must render a default award, consistent with the relief requested in the Arbitration
Notice, against a party that fails to submit an answer within such time period.

4.5
[Intentionally Omitted].

4.6
Discovery. The parties agree that discovery shall be conducted as follows:

(a)
Written discovery will only be allowed if the likely benefits of the proposed written discovery outweigh the burden or expense thereof,
and the written discovery sought is likely to reveal information that will satisfy a specific element of a claim or defense already pleaded
in the Arbitration. The party seeking written discovery shall always have the burden of showing that all of the standards and limitations
set forth in these Arbitration Provisions are satisfied. The scope of discovery in the Arbitration proceedings shall also be limited
as follows:

(i)
To facts directly connected with the transactions contemplated by the Agreement.

25

(ii)
To facts and information that cannot be obtained from another source or in another manner that is more convenient, less
burdensome or less expensive than in the manner requested.

(b)
No party shall be allowed (i) more than fifteen (15) interrogatories (including discrete subparts), (ii) more than fifteen (15) requests
for admission (including discrete subparts), (iii) more than ten (10) document requests (including discrete subparts), or (iv) more than
three (3) depositions (excluding expert depositions) for a maximum of seven (7) hours per deposition. The costs associated with depositions
will be borne by the party taking the deposition. The party defending the deposition will submit a notice to the party taking the deposition
of the estimated reasonable attorneys fees that such party expects to incur in connection with defending the deposition. If the
party defending the deposition fails to submit an estimate of reasonable attorneys fees within five (5) calendar days of its receipt
of a deposition notice, then such party shall be deemed to have waived its right to the estimated reasonable attorneys fees. The
party taking the deposition must pay the party defending the deposition the estimated reasonable attorneys fees prior to taking
the deposition, unless such obligation is deemed to be waived as set forth in the immediately preceding sentence. If the party taking
the deposition believes that the estimated reasonable attorneys fees are unreasonable, such party may submit the issue to the
arbitrator for a decision.

(c)
All discovery requests (including document production requests included in deposition notices) must be submitted in writing to the arbitrator
and the other party. The party submitting the written discovery requests must include with such discovery requests a detailed explanation
of how the proposed discovery requests satisfy the requirements of these Arbitration Provisions and the Delaware Rules of Civil Procedure.
The receiving party will then be allowed, within five (5) calendar days of receiving the proposed discovery requests, to submit to the
arbitrator an estimate of the attorneys fees and costs associated with responding to such written discovery requests and a written
challenge to each applicable discovery request. After receipt of an estimate of attorneys fees and costs and/or challenge(s) to
one or more discovery requests, consistent with subparagraph (c) above, the arbitrator will within three (3) calendar days make a finding
as to the likely attorneys fees and costs associated with responding to the discovery requests and issue an order that (i) requires
the requesting party to prepay the attorneys fees and costs associated with responding to the discovery requests, and (ii) requires
the responding party to respond to the discovery requests as limited by the arbitrator within twenty-five (25) calendar days of the arbitrators
finding with respect to such discovery requests. If a party entitled to submit an estimate of attorneys fees and costs and/or
a challenge to discovery requests fails to do so within such 5-day period, the arbitrator will make a finding that (A) there are no attorneys
fees or costs associated with responding to such discovery requests, and (B) the responding party must respond to such discovery requests
(as may be limited by the arbitrator) within twenty-five (25) calendar days of the arbitrators finding with respect to such discovery
requests. Any party submitting any written discovery requests, including without limitation interrogatories, requests for production
subpoenas to a party or a third party, or requests for admissions, must prepay the estimated attorneys fees and costs, before
the responding party has any obligation to produce or respond to the same, unless such obligation is deemed waived as set forth above.

(d)
In order to allow a written discovery request, the arbitrator must find that the discovery request satisfies the standards set forth
in these Arbitration Provisions and the Delaware Rules of Civil Procedure. The arbitrator must strictly enforce these standards. If a
discovery request does not satisfy any of the standards set forth in these Arbitration Provisions or the Delaware Rules of Civil Procedure,
the arbitrator may modify such discovery request to satisfy the applicable standards, or strike such discovery request in whole or in
part.

(e)
Each party may submit expert reports (and rebuttals thereto), provided that such reports must be submitted within sixty (60) days of
the Arbitration Commencement Date. Each party will be allowed a maximum of two (2) experts. Expert reports must contain the following:
(i) a complete statement of all opinions the expert will offer at trial and the basis and reasons for them; (ii) the experts name
and qualifications, including a list of all the experts publications within the preceding ten (10) years, and a list of any other
cases in which the expert has testified at trial or in a deposition or prepared a report within the preceding ten (10) years; and (iii)
the compensation to be paid for the experts report and testimony. The parties are entitled to depose any other partys expert
witness one (1) time for no more than four (4) hours. An expert may not testify in a partys case-in-chief concerning any matter
not fairly disclosed in the expert report.

4.6 Dispositive
Motions. Each party shall have the right to submit dispositive motions pursuant to the Delaware Rules of Civil Procedure
(a Dispositive Motion). The party submitting the Dispositive Motion may, but is not required to, deliver to the
arbitrator and to the other party a memorandum in support (the Memorandum in Support) of the Dispositive
Motion. Within seven (7) calendar days of delivery of the Memorandum in Support, the other party shall deliver to the arbitrator and
to the other party a memorandum in opposition to the Memorandum in Support (the Memorandum in Opposition).
Within seven (7) calendar days of delivery of the Memorandum in Opposition, as applicable, the party that submitted the Memorandum
in Support shall deliver to the arbitrator and to the other party a reply memorandum to the Memorandum in Opposition
(Reply Memorandum). If the applicable party shall fail to deliver the Memorandum in Opposition as required
above, or if the other party fails to deliver the Reply Memorandum as required above, then the applicable party shall lose its right
to so deliver the same, and the Dispositive Motion shall proceed regardless.

26

4.7
Confidentiality. All information disclosed by either party (or such partys agents) during the Arbitration process (including
without limitation information disclosed during the discovery process or any Appeal (defined below)) shall be considered confidential
in nature. Each party agrees not to disclose any confidential information received from the other party (or its agents) during the Arbitration
process (including without limitation during the discovery process or any Appeal) unless (a) prior to or after the time of disclosure
such information becomes public knowledge or part of the public domain, not as a result of any inaction or action of the receiving party
or its agents, (b) such information is required by a court order, subpoena or similar legal duress to be disclosed if such receiving
party has notified the other party thereof in writing and given it a reasonable opportunity to obtain a protective order from a court
of competent jurisdiction prior to disclosure, or (c) such information is disclosed to the receiving partys agents, representatives
and legal counsel on a need to know basis who each agree in writing not to disclose such information to any third party. The arbitrator
is hereby authorized and directed to issue a protective order to prevent the disclosure of privileged information and confidential information
upon the written request of either party.

4.8
Authorization; Timing; Scheduling Order. Subject to all other portions of these Arbitration Provisions, the parties hereby authorize
and direct the arbitrator to take such actions and make such rulings as may be necessary to carry out the parties intent for the
Arbitration proceedings to be efficient and expeditious. The parties hereby agree that an Arbitration Award must be made within one hundred
twenty (120) calendar days after the Arbitration Commencement Date. The arbitrator is hereby authorized and directed to hold a scheduling
conference within ten (10) calendar days after the Arbitration Commencement Date in order to establish a scheduling order with various
binding deadlines for discovery, expert testimony, and the submission of documents by the parties to enable the arbitrator to render
a decision prior to the end of such 120-day period.

4.9
Relief. The arbitrator shall have the right to award or include in the Arbitration Award (or in a preliminary ruling) any relief
which the arbitrator deems proper under the circumstances, including, without limitation, specific performance and injunctive relief,
provided that the arbitrator may not award exemplary or punitive damages.

4.10
Fees and Costs. As part of the Arbitration Award, the arbitrator is hereby directed to require the losing party (the party being
awarded the least amount of money by the arbitrator, which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be determined without regard to any statutory
fines, penalties, fees, or other charges awarded to any party) to (a) pay the full amount of any unpaid costs and fees of the Arbitration,
and (b) reimburse the prevailing party for all reasonable attorneys fees, arbitrator costs and fees, deposition costs, other discovery
costs, and other expenses, costs or fees paid or otherwise incurred by the prevailing party in connection with the Arbitration.

5.
Arbitration Appeal.

5.1
Initiation of Appeal. Following the entry of the Arbitration Award, either party (the Appellant) shall have
a period of thirty (30) calendar days in which to notify the other party (the Appellee), in writing, that the Appellant
elects to appeal (the Appeal) the Arbitration Award (such notice, an Appeal Notice) to a panel
of arbitrators as provided in Paragraph 5.2 below. The date the Appellant delivers an Appeal Notice to the Appellee is referred to herein
as the Appeal Date. The Appeal Notice must be delivered to the Appellee in accordance with the provisions of Paragraph
4.1 above with respect to delivery of an Arbitration Notice. In addition, together with delivery of the Appeal Notice to the Appellee,
the Appellant must also pay for (and provide proof of such payment to the Appellee together with delivery of the Appeal Notice) a bond
in the amount of 110% of the sum the Appellant owes to the Appellee as a result of the Arbitration Award the Appellant is appealing.
In the event an Appellant delivers an Appeal Notice to the Appellee (together with proof of payment of the applicable bond) in compliance
with the provisions of this Paragraph 5.1, the Appeal will occur as a matter of right and, except as specifically set forth herein, will
not be further conditioned. In the event a party does not deliver an Appeal Notice (along with proof of payment of the applicable bond)
to the other party within the deadline prescribed in this Paragraph 5.1, such party shall lose its right to appeal the Arbitration Award.
If no party delivers an Appeal Notice (along with proof of payment of the applicable bond) to the other party within the deadline described
in this Paragraph 5.1, the Arbitration Award shall be final. The parties acknowledge and agree that any Appeal shall be deemed part of
the parties agreement to arbitrate for purposes of these Arbitration Provisions and the Arbitration Act.

5.2
Selection and Payment of Appeal Panel. In the event an Appellant delivers an Appeal Notice to the Appellee (together with proof
of payment of the applicable bond) in compliance with the provisions of Paragraph 5.1 above, the Appeal will be heard by a three (3)
person arbitration panel (the Appeal Panel).

(a)
Within ten (10) calendar days after the Appeal Date, the Appellee shall select and submit to the Appellant the names of five (5) arbitrators
that are designated as neutrals or qualified arbitrators by AAA (https://www.adr.org/) or other arbitration service
provider agreed upon by the parties (such five (5) designated persons hereunder are referred to herein as the Proposed Appeal
Arbitrators). For the avoidance of doubt, each Proposed Appeal Arbitrator must be qualified as a neutral with
AAA or other arbitration service provider agreed upon by the parties, and shall not be the arbitrator who rendered the Arbitration Award
being appealed (the Original Arbitrator). Within five (5) calendar days after the Appellee has submitted to the
Appellant the names of the Proposed Appeal Arbitrators, the Appellant must select, by written notice to the Appellee, three (3) of the
Proposed Appeal Arbitrators to act as the members of the Appeal Panel. If the Appellant fails to select three (3) of the Proposed Appeal
Arbitrators in writing within such 5-day period, then the Appellee may select such three (3) arbitrators from the Proposed Appeal Arbitrators
by providing written notice of such selection to the Appellant.

27

(b)
If the Appellee fails to submit to the Appellant the names of the Proposed Appeal Arbitrators within ten (10) calendar days after the
Appeal Date pursuant to subparagraph (a) above, then the Appellant may at any time prior to the Appellee so designating the Proposed
Appeal Arbitrators, identify the names of five (5) arbitrators that are designated as neutrals or qualified arbitrators
by AAA or other arbitration service provider agreed upon by the parties (none of whom may be the Original Arbitrator) by written notice
to the Appellee. The Appellee may then, within five (5) calendar days after the Appellant has submitted notice of its selected arbitrators
to the Appellee, select, by written notice to the Appellant, three (3) of such selected arbitrators to serve on the Appeal Panel. If
the Appellee fails to select in writing within such 5-day period three (3) of the arbitrators selected by the Appellant to serve as the
members of the Appeal Panel, then the Appellant may select the three (3) members of the Appeal Panel from the Appellants list
of five (5) arbitrators by providing written notice of such selection to the Appellee.

(c)
If a selected Proposed Appeal Arbitrator declines or is otherwise unable to serve, then the party that selected such Proposed Appeal
Arbitrator may select one (1) of the other five (5) designated Proposed Appeal Arbitrators within three (3) calendar days of the date
a chosen Proposed Appeal Arbitrator declines or notifies the parties he or she is unable to serve as an arbitrator. If at least three
(3) of the five (5) designated Proposed Appeal Arbitrators decline or are otherwise unable to serve, then the Proposed Appeal Arbitrator
selection process shall begin again in accordance with this Paragraph 5.2; provided, however, that any Proposed Appeal Arbitrators
who have already agreed to serve shall remain on the Appeal Panel.

(d)
The date that all three (3) Proposed Appeal Arbitrators selected pursuant to this Paragraph 5.2 agree in writing (including via email)
delivered to both the Appellant and the Appellee to serve as members of the Appeal Panel hereunder is referred to herein as the Appeal
Commencement Date. No later than five (5) calendar days after the Appeal Commencement Date, the Appellee shall designate in
writing (including via email) to the Appellant and the Appeal Panel the name of one (1) of the three (3) members of the Appeal Panel
to serve as the lead arbitrator in the Appeal proceedings. Each member of the Appeal Panel shall be deemed an arbitrator for purposes
of these Arbitration Provisions and the Arbitration Act, provided that, in conducting the Appeal, the Appeal Panel may only act or make
determinations upon the approval or vote of no less than the majority vote of its members, as announced or communicated by the lead arbitrator
on the Appeal Panel. If an arbitrator on the Appeal Panel ceases or is unable to act during the Appeal proceedings, a replacement arbitrator
shall be chosen in accordance with Paragraph 5.2 above to continue the Appeal as a member of the Appeal Panel. If AAA or other arbitration
service provider agreed upon by the parties ceases to exist or to provide a list of neutrals, then replacement arbitrators for the Appeal
Panel shall be selected by both parties within five (5) calendar days thereafter.

(d)
Subject to Paragraph 5.7 below, the cost of the Appeal Panel must be paid entirely by the Appellant.

5.3 Appeal
Procedure. The Appeal will be deemed an appeal of the entire Arbitration Award. In conducting the Appeal, the Appeal
Panel shall conduct a de novo review of all Claims described or otherwise set forth in the Arbitration Notice. Subject to the
foregoing and all other provisions of this Paragraph 5, the Appeal Panel shall conduct the Appeal in a manner the Appeal Panel
considers appropriate for a fair and expeditious disposition of the Appeal, may hold one or more hearings and permit oral argument,
and may review all previous evidence and discovery, together with all briefs, pleadings and other documents filed with the Original
Arbitrator (as well as any documents filed with the Appeal Panel pursuant to Paragraph 5.4(a) below). Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in connection with the Appeal, the Appeal Panel shall not permit the parties to conduct any additional discovery or raise any new
Claims to be arbitrated, shall not permit new witnesses or affidavits, and shall not base any of its findings or determinations on
the Original Arbitrators findings or the Arbitration Award.

5.4
Timing.

(a)
Within seven (7) calendar days of the Appeal Commencement Date, the Appellant (i) shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Appeal
Panel copies of the Appeal Notice, all discovery conducted in connection with the Arbitration, and all briefs, pleadings and other documents
filed with the Original Arbitrator (which material Appellee shall have the right to review and supplement if necessary), and (ii) may,
but is not required to, deliver to the Appeal Panel and to the Appellee a Memorandum in Support of the Appellants arguments concerning
or position with respect to all Claims, counterclaims, issues, or accountings presented or pleaded in the Arbitration. Within seven (7)
calendar days of the Appellants delivery of the Memorandum in Support, as applicable, the Appellee shall deliver to the Appeal
Panel and to the Appellant a Memorandum in Opposition to the Memorandum in Support. Within seven (7) calendar days of the Appellees
delivery of the Memorandum in Opposition, as applicable, the Appellant shall deliver to the Appeal Panel and to the Appellee a Reply
Memorandum to the Memorandum in Opposition. If the Appellant shall fail to substantially comply with the requirements of clause (i) of
this subparagraph (a), the Appellant shall lose its right to appeal the Arbitration Award, and the Arbitration Award shall be final.
If the Appellee shall fail to deliver the Memorandum in Opposition as required above, or if the Appellant shall fail to deliver the Reply
Memorandum as required above, then the Appellee or the Appellant, as the case may be, shall lose its right to so deliver the same, and
the Appeal shall proceed regardless.

28

(b)
Subject to subparagraph (a) above, the parties hereby agree that the Appeal must be heard by the Appeal Panel within thirty (30) calendar
days of the Appeal Commencement Date, and that the Appeal Panel must render its decision within thirty (30) calendar days after the Appeal
is heard (and in no event later than sixty (60) calendar days after the Appeal Commencement Date).

5.5 Appeal
Panel Award. The Appeal Panel shall issue its decision (the Appeal Panel Award) through the lead arbitrator
on the Appeal Panel. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, the Appeal Panel Award shall (a) supersede in its
entirety and make of no further force or effect the Arbitration Award (provided that any protective orders issued by the Original
Arbitrator shall remain in full force and effect), (b) be final and binding upon the parties, with no further rights of appeal, (c)
be the sole and exclusive remedy between the parties regarding any Claims, counterclaims, issues, or accountings presented or
pleaded in the Arbitration, and (d) be promptly payable in United States dollars free of any tax, deduction or offset (with respect
to monetary awards). Any costs or fees, including without limitation reasonable attorneys fees, incurred in connection with
or incident to enforcing the Appeal Panel Award shall, to the maximum extent permitted by law, be charged against the party
resisting such enforcement. The Appeal Panel Award shall include Default Interest (with respect to monetary awards) at the rate
specified in the Note for Default Interest both before and after the Arbitration Award. Judgment upon the Appeal Panel Award will be
entered and enforced by a state or federal court sitting in the State of Delaware.

5.6 Relief. The
Appeal Panel shall have the right to award or include in the Appeal Panel Award any relief which the Appeal Panel deems
proper under the circumstances, including, without limitation, specific performance and injunctive relief, provided that the Appeal
Panel may not award exemplary or punitive damages.

5.7 Fees
and Costs. As part of the Appeal Panel Award, the Appeal Panel is hereby directed to require the losing party (the party
being awarded the least amount of money by the arbitrator, which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be determined without regard to
any statutory fines, penalties, fees, or other charges awarded to any party) to (a) pay the full amount of any unpaid costs and fees
of the Arbitration and the Appeal Panel, and (b) reimburse the prevailing party (the party being awarded the most amount of money by
the Appeal Panel, which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be determined without regard to any statutory fines, penalties, fees, or
other charges awarded to any part) the reasonable attorneys fees, arbitrator and Appeal Panel costs and fees, deposition
costs, other discovery costs, and other expenses, costs or fees paid or otherwise incurred by the prevailing party in connection
with the Arbitration (including without limitation in connection with the Appeal).

6.
Miscellaneous.

6.1 Severability. If
any part of these Arbitration Provisions is found to violate or be illegal under applicable law, then such provision shall be
modified to the minimum extent necessary to make such provision enforceable under applicable law, and the remainder of the
Arbitration Provisions shall remain unaffected and in full force and effect.

6.2 Governing
Law. These Arbitration Provisions shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to the conflict
of laws principles therein.

6.3 Interpretation.
The headings of these Arbitration Provisions are for convenience of reference only and shall not form part of, or affect the
interpretation of, these Arbitration Provisions.

6.4 Waiver.
No waiver of any provision of these Arbitration Provisions shall be effective unless it is in the form of a writing signed by
the party granting the waiver.

6.5 Time
is of the Essence. Time is expressly made of the essence with respect to each and every provision of these Arbitration
Provisions.

[Remainder
of page intentionally left blank]

29
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex10-4.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE
HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED
FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH MAY BE THE LEGAL COUNSEL OPINION (AS DEFINED IN THE PURCHASE AGREEMENT)),
IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A
OR REGULATION S UNDER SAID ACT OR OTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION
WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.

Principal
Amount: $1,100,000.00 Issue
Date: January 6, 2025 

Actual
Amount of Purchase Price: $1,000,000.00 

PROMISSORY
NOTE

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, YOSHIHARU GLOBAL CO., a Delaware corporation (hereinafter called the Borrower or the Company)
(Trading Symbol: YOSH), hereby promises to pay to the order of CROM STRUCTURED OPPORTUNITIES FUND I, LP, a Delaware limited partnership,
or registered assigns (the Holder), in the form of lawful money of the United States of America, the principal sum of $1,100,000.00
(the Principal Amount) (subject to adjustment herein), of which $1,000,000.00 is the actual amount of the purchase price
hereof plus an original issue discount in the amount of $100,000.00 (the OID), and to pay a one-time interest charge on
the Principal Amount hereof at the rate of five percent (5%) (the Interest Rate) (which is equal to $55,000 and shall be
guaranteed and earned in full as of the date hereof (the Issue Date)), when such amounts become due and payable, whether
at maturity or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise, as further provided herein. The maturity date shall be twelve (12) months
from the Issue Date (the Maturity Date), and is the date upon which the Principal Amount (which includes the OID) and any
accrued and unpaid interest and other fees, shall be due and payable.

This
Note may not be prepaid or repaid in whole or in part except as otherwise explicitly set forth herein.

Any
Principal Amount or interest on this Note which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of the lesser of (i) eighteen percent
(18%) per annum and (ii) the maximum amount permitted by law from the due date thereof until the same is paid (Default Interest).
Interest and Default Interest shall be computed on the basis of a 365-day year and the actual number of days elapsed.

All
payments due hereunder (to the extent not converted into shares of Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of the Borrower
(the Common Stock) in accordance with the terms hereof) shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America.
All payments shall be made at such address as the Holder shall hereafter give to the Borrower by written notice made in accordance with
the provisions of this Note. Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Note is due on any day which is not a business
day, the same shall instead be due on the next succeeding day which is a business day.

Each
capitalized term used herein, and not otherwise defined, shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in that certain Securities Purchase
Agreement, dated as of the Issue Date, pursuant to which this Note was originally issued (the Purchase Agreement). As used
in this Note, the term business day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which commercial banks
in New York, New York are authorized or required by law or executive order to remain closed. As used herein, the term Trading
Day means any day that shares of Common Stock are listed for trading or quotation on the Principal Market (as defined in the Purchase
Agreement), provided, however, that if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted on any Principal Market, then any calendar day.

This
Note is free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive
rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Borrower and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof.

The
following terms shall also apply to this Note:

1

ARTICLE
I. CONVERSION RIGHTS

1.1
Conversion Right. The Holder shall have the right, on any calendar day, at any time on or following the Issue Date, to convert
all or any portion of the then outstanding and unpaid Principal Amount and interest (including any Default Interest) into fully paid
and non-assessable shares of Common Stock, as such Common Stock exists on the Issue Date, or any shares of capital stock or other securities
of the Borrower into which such Common Stock shall hereafter be changed or reclassified, at the Conversion Price (as defined below) determined
as provided herein (a Conversion), by submitting to the Borrower or Borrowers transfer agent a Notice of Conversion
(as defined in this Note) by e-mail or other reasonable means of communication dispatched on the Conversion Date (as defined in this
Note) prior to 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time; provided, however, that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
herein, the Holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of this Note, pursuant to Section 1 or otherwise, to the extent that
after giving effect to such issuance after conversion as set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion, the Holder (together with
the Holders affiliates (the Affiliates), and any other Persons (as defined below) acting as a group together with
the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own in excess
of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock
beneficially owned by the Holder and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of this Note with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would
be issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, nonconverted portion of this Note beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates
or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company
subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any
of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 1.1, beneficial
ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act)
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Holder is solely responsible for any
schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall
be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of
this Section 1.1, in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case
may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent
setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of the Holder, the Company shall within
two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the
number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the
Company, including this Note, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the
Common Stock outstanding at the time of the respective calculation hereunder. Person and Persons means an
individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any
other entity and any governmental entity or any department or agency thereof. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply
to a successor holder of this Note. The number of Conversion Shares to be issued upon each conversion of this Note shall be determined
by dividing the Conversion Amount (as defined below) by the applicable Conversion Price then in effect on the date specified in the notice
of conversion, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Notice of Conversion), delivered to the Borrower or
Borrowers transfer agent by the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Note; provided that the Notice of Conversion is submitted
by e-mail (or by other means resulting in, or reasonably expected to result in, notice) to the Borrower or Borrowers transfer
agent before 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time on such conversion date (the Conversion Date). The term Conversion
Amount means, with respect to any conversion of this Note, the sum of (1) the Principal Amount of this Note to be converted in
such conversion plus (2) at the Holders option, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on such Principal Amount at the Interest
Rate to the Conversion Date, plus (3) at the Holders option, Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in the
immediately preceding clauses (1) and/or (2).

2

1.2
Conversion Price.

(a)
Calculation of Conversion Price. The per share conversion price into which Principal Amount and interest (including any Default
Interest) under this Note shall be convertible into shares of Common Stock hereunder as further described in this Note (the Conversion
Price) shall equal the lesser of (i) the Fixed Price (as defined in this Note) or (ii) the Market Price (as defined in this Note),
subject to adjustment as provided in this Note. Fixed Price shall mean $5.00. Market Price shall mean 90%
of the lowest VWAP on any Trading Day during the five (5) Trading Days prior to the respective Conversion Date. VWAP means,
for any security as of any date, the dollar volume-weighted average price for such security on the Principal Market during the period
beginning at 9:30 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg or other similar quotation service
provider designated by the Holder. If at any time the Conversion Price as determined hereunder for any conversion would be less than
the par value of the Common Stock, then at the sole discretion of the Holder, the Conversion Price hereunder may equal such par value
for such conversion and the Conversion Amount for such conversion may be increased to include Additional Principal, where Additional
Principal means such additional amount to be added to the Conversion Amount to the extent necessary to cause the number of conversion
shares issuable upon such conversion to equal the same number of conversion shares as would have been issued had the Conversion Price
not been adjusted by the Holder to the par value price. Holder shall be entitled to deduct $500.00 from the conversion amount in each
Notice of Conversion to cover Holders fees associated with each Notice of Conversion if the restrictive legend for the Conversion
Shares to be issued pursuant to the respective Notice of Conversion is being removed pursuant to Rule 144 or other applicable exemption
from registration. All such Conversion Price determinations are to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock
combination, rights offerings, reclassification or similar transaction that proportionately decreases or increases the Common Stock.
If the Company, at any time while this Note is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions
payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock or any Common Stock Equivalents, (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common
Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into
a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues, in the event of a reclassification of shares of the Common Stock, any shares of capital stock
of the Company, then the Conversion Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common
Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Company) outstanding immediately before such event, and of which the denominator shall be
the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to the immediately preceding
sentence shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive such dividend
or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.
Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Companys Subsidiaries (as defined in the Purchase
Agreement) which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred
stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise
entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

(b)
Voluntary Adjustment By Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Principal Market, the Company may at any time while
this Note is outstanding, with the prior written consent of the Holder, reduce the then applicable Conversion Price to any amount and
for any period of time deemed appropriate by the Board of Directors of the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall not
be required to effectuate such conversion in the event of any reduction in Conversion Price by the Company.

1.3
Authorized and Reserved Shares. The Borrower covenants that at all times until the Note is satisfied in full, the Borrower will
reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares, free from preemptive rights, to provide for the
issuance of a number of Conversion Shares equal to the greater of: (a) 1,018,518 shares of Common Stock or (b) the sum of (i) the number
of Conversion Shares issuable upon the full conversion of this Note (assuming no payment of Principal Amount or interest) at a conversion
price equal to the then applicable Conversion Price multiplied by (ii) two and a half (2.5) (the Reserved Amount).
The Borrower represents that upon issuance, the Conversion Shares will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. The
Borrower (i) acknowledges that it has irrevocably instructed its transfer agent to issue certificates for the Conversion Shares or instructions
to have the Conversion Shares issued as contemplated by Section 1.4(f) hereof, and (ii) agrees that its issuance of this Note shall constitute
full authority to its officers and agents who are charged with the duty of executing stock certificates or cause the Company to electronically
issue shares of Common Stock to execute and issue the necessary certificates for the Conversion Shares or cause the Conversion Shares
to be issued as contemplated by Section 1.4(f) hereof in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Note.

1.4
Method of Conversion.

(a) [Intentionally
Omitted].

3

(b) Surrender
of Note Upon Conversion. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of this Note in accordance with
the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Borrower unless the entire unpaid Principal
Amount is so converted. The Holder and the Borrower shall maintain records showing the Principal Amount so converted and the dates of
such conversions or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Borrower, so as not to require physical
surrender of this Note upon each such conversion. In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, such records of the Holder shall, prima
facie, be controlling and determinative in the absence of manifest error. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any portion of this Note
is converted as aforesaid, the Holder may not transfer this Note unless the Holder first physically surrenders this Note to the Borrower,
whereupon the Borrower will forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Note of like tenor, registered as the Holder
(upon payment by the Holder of any applicable transfer taxes) may request, representing in the aggregate the remaining unpaid Principal
Amount of this Note. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions
of this paragraph, following conversion of a portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted Principal Amount of this Note represented
by this Note may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

(c) Payment
of Taxes. The Borrower shall not be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issue
and delivery of shares of Common Stock or other securities or property on conversion of this Note in a name other than that of the Holder
(or in street name), and the Borrower shall not be required to issue or deliver any such shares or other securities or property unless
and until the person or persons (other than the Holder or the custodian in whose street name such shares are to be held for the Holders
account) requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Borrower the amount of any such tax or shall have established to the
satisfaction of the Borrower that such tax has been paid.

(d) Delivery
of Common Stock Upon Conversion. Upon receipt by the Borrower or Borrowers transfer agent from the Holder of an e-mail (or
other reasonable means of communication) of a Notice of Conversion meeting the requirements for conversion as provided in this Section
1.4, the Borrower shall issue and deliver or cause to be issued and delivered to or upon the order of the Holder certificates for the
Conversion Shares (or cause the electronic delivery of the Conversion Shares as contemplated by Section 1.4(f) hereof) within one (1)
Trading Day after such receipt (the Deadline) (and, solely in the case of conversion of the entire unpaid Principal Amount
and interest (including any Default Interest) under this Note, surrender of this Note). If the Company shall fail for any reason or for
no reason to issue to the Holder on or prior to the Deadline a certificate for the number of Conversion Shares or to which the Holder
is entitled hereunder and register such Conversion Shares on the Companys share register or to credit the Holders balance
account with DTC (as defined below) for such number of Conversion Shares to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holders conversion
of this Note (a Conversion Failure), then, in addition to all other remedies available to the Holder, (i) the Company shall
pay in cash to the Holder on each day after the Deadline and during such Conversion Failure an amount equal to 1.0% of the product of
(A) the sum of the number of Conversion Shares not issued to the Holder on or prior to the Deadline and to which the Holder is entitled
and (B) the closing sale price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the last possible date which the Company
could have issued such Conversion Shares to the Holder without violating this Section 1.4(d); and (ii) the Holder, upon written notice
to the Company, may void all or any portion of such Notice of Conversion; provided that the voiding of all or any portion of a Notice
of Conversion shall not affect the Companys obligations to make any payments which have accrued prior to the date of such notice.
In addition to the foregoing, if on or prior to the Deadline the Company shall fail to issue and deliver a certificate to the Holder
and register such Conversion Shares on the Companys share register or credit the Holders balance account with DTC for the
number of Conversion Shares to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holders exercise hereunder or pursuant to the Companys
obligation pursuant to clause (ii) below, and if on or after such Trading Day the Holder purchases (in an open market transaction or
otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such exercise
that the Holder anticipated receiving from the Company, then the Company shall, within two (2) Trading Days after the Holders
request and in the Holders discretion, either (i) pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the Holders total purchase
price (including brokerage commissions and other reasonable and customary out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the shares of Common Stock
so purchased (the Buy-In Price), at which point the Companys obligation to deliver such certificate (and to issue
such Conversion Shares) or credit such Holders balance account with DTC for such Conversion Shares shall terminate, or (ii) promptly
honor its obligation to deliver to the Holder a certificate or certificates representing such Conversion Shares or credit such Holders
balance account with DTC and pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the Buy-In Price over the product of
(A) such number of shares of Common Stock, times (B) the closing sales price of the Common Stock on the date of exercise. Nothing shall
limit the Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity, including, without limitation,
a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver certificates
representing the Conversion Shares (or to electronically deliver such Conversion Shares) upon the conversion of this Note as required
pursuant to the terms hereof.

4

(e) Obligation
of Borrower to Deliver Common Stock. At the time that the Holder submits the Notice of Conversion to the Borrower or Borrowers
transfer agent, the Holder shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the Conversion Shares issuable upon such conversion, the outstanding
Principal Amount and the amount of accrued and unpaid interest (including any Default Interest) under this Note shall be reduced to reflect
such conversion, and, unless the Borrower defaults on its obligations under this Article I, all rights with respect to the portion of
this Note being so converted shall forthwith terminate except the right to receive the Common Stock or other securities, cash or other
assets, as herein provided, on such conversion. If the Holder shall have given a Notice of Conversion as provided herein, the Borrowers
obligation to issue and deliver the certificates for the Conversion Shares (or cause the electronic delivery of the Conversion Shares
as contemplated by Section 1.4(f) hereof) shall be absolute and unconditional, irrespective of the absence of any action by the Holder
to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision thereof, the recovery of any judgment against any person or
any action to enforce the same, any failure or delay in the enforcement of any other obligation of the Borrower to the holder of record,
or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder of any obligation to
the Borrower, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Borrower to the Holder in
connection with such conversion. The Conversion Date specified in the Notice of Conversion shall be the Conversion Date so long as the
Notice of Conversion is sent to the Borrower or Borrowers transfer agent before 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time, on such date.

(f) Delivery
of Conversion Shares by Electronic Transfer. In lieu of delivering physical certificates representing the Conversion Shares issuable
upon conversion hereof, provided the Borrower is participating in the Depository Trust Company (DTC) Fast Automated Securities
Transfer or Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian programs, upon request of the Holder and its compliance with the provisions contained in
Section 1.1 and in this Section 1.4, the Borrower shall use its best efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically transmit the
Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion hereof to the Holder by crediting the account of Holders Prime Broker with DTC through
its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system.

1.5
Concerning the Shares. The Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of this Note may not be sold or transferred unless (i) such
shares are sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act or (ii) the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have
been furnished with an opinion of counsel (which opinion shall be the Legal Counsel Opinion (as defined in the Purchase Agreement)) to
the effect that the shares to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration or (iii)
such shares are sold or transferred pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption, or (iv) such shares
are transferred to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of the Borrower who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the shares
only in accordance with this Section 1.5 and who is an Accredited Investor (as defined in the Purchase Agreement). Except as otherwise
provided in the Purchase Agreement (and subject to the removal provisions set forth below), until such time as the Conversion Shares
have been registered under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption
without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, each certificate for
the Conversion Shares that has not been so included in an effective registration statement or that has not been sold pursuant to an effective
registration statement or an exemption that permits removal of the legend, shall bear a legend substantially in the following form, as
appropriate:

NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE EXERCISABLE
HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED
FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH MAY BE THE LEGAL COUNSEL OPINION (AS DEFINED IN THE PURCHASE AGREEMENT)),
IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A,
REGULATION S UNDER SAID ACT, OR OTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION
WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.

5

The
legend set forth above shall be removed and the Company shall issue to the Holder a certificate for the applicable Conversion Shares
without such legend upon which it is stamped or (as requested by the Holder) issue the applicable Conversion Shares by electronic delivery
by crediting the account of such holders broker with DTC, if, unless otherwise required by applicable state securities laws: (a)
such Conversion Shares are registered for sale under an effective registration statement filed under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be
sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of securities
as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, or (b) the Company or the Holder provides the Legal Counsel Opinion (as contemplated
by and in accordance with Section 4(m) of the Purchase Agreement) to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Conversion Shares
may be made without registration under the 1933 Act, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected.
The Company shall be responsible for the fees of its transfer agent and all DTC fees associated with any such issuance. The Holder agrees
to sell all Conversion Shares, including those represented by a certificate(s) from which the legend has been removed, in compliance
with applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any.

1.6
Effect of Certain Events.

(a) Effect
of Merger, Consolidation, Etc. At the option of the Holder, the sale, conveyance or disposition of all or substantially all of the
assets of the Borrower, or the consolidation, merger or other business combination of the Borrower with or into any other Person (as
defined below) or Persons when the Borrower is not the survivor shall either: (i) be deemed to be an Event of Default pursuant to which
the Borrower shall be required to pay to the Holder upon the consummation of and as a condition to such transaction an amount equal to
the Default Amount (as defined in this Note) or (ii) be treated pursuant to Section 1.6(b) hereof. Person shall mean any
individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, trust or other entity or organization.

(b) Adjustment
Due to Merger, Consolidation, Etc. If, at any time when this Note is issued and outstanding and prior to conversion of all of this
Note, there shall be any merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization, or other similar event, as a result
of which shares of Common Stock of the Borrower shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares of another class or classes
of stock or securities of the Borrower or another entity, or in case of any sale or conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets
of the Borrower other than in connection with a plan of complete liquidation of the Borrower, then the Holder of this Note shall thereafter
have the right to receive upon conversion of this Note, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified herein and in lieu
of the shares of Common Stock immediately theretofore issuable upon conversion, such stock, securities or assets which the Holder would
have been entitled to receive in such transaction had this Note been converted in full immediately prior to such transaction (without
regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein), and in any such case appropriate provisions shall be made with respect to
the rights and interests of the Holder of this Note to the end that the provisions hereof (including, without limitation, provisions
for adjustment of the Conversion Price and of the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Note) shall thereafter be applicable,
as nearly as may be practicable in relation to any securities or assets thereafter deliverable upon the conversion hereof. The Borrower
shall not effectuate any transaction described in this Section 1.6(b) unless (a) it first gives, to the extent practicable, at least
thirty (30) days prior written notice (but in any event at least fifteen (15) days prior written notice) of the record date of the special
meeting of shareholders to approve, or if there is no such record date, the consummation of, such merger, consolidation, exchange of
shares, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar event or sale of assets (during which time the Holder shall be entitled to
convert this Note) and (b) the resulting successor or acquiring entity (if not the Borrower) assumes by written instrument the obligations
of this Section 1.6(b). The above provisions shall similarly apply to successive consolidations, mergers, sales, transfers or share exchanges.

(c) Adjustment
Due to Distribution. If the Borrower shall declare or make any distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders
of Common Stock as a dividend, stock repurchase, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including any dividend or distribution to
the Borrowers shareholders in cash or shares (or rights to acquire shares) of capital stock of a subsidiary (i.e., a spin-off))
(a Distribution), then the Holder of this Note shall be entitled, upon any conversion of this Note made within three (3)
calendar months after the date of record for determining shareholders entitled to such Distribution, to receive the amount of such assets
which would have been payable to the Holder with respect to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion had such Holder
been the holder of such shares of Common Stock on the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to such Distribution.

6

(d) Purchase
Rights. If, at any time when all or any portion of this Note is issued and outstanding, the Borrower issues any convertible securities
or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property (the Purchase Rights) pro rata to the record holders
of Common Stock, then the Holder of this Note will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate
Purchase Rights which such Holder could have acquired if such Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete
conversion of this Note (without regard to any limitations on conversion contained herein) immediately before the date on which a record
is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders
of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights if and only if Holder converts this Note in
full within three (3) months of such record date.

(e) Dilutive
Issuance. If the Borrower, at any time while this Note or any amounts due hereunder are outstanding, issues, sells or grants any
option to purchase, or sells or grants any right to reprice, or otherwise disposes of, or issues (or announces any sale, grant or any
option to purchase or other disposition), any Common Stock or other securities convertible into, exercisable for, or otherwise entitle
any person or entity the right to acquire, shares of Common Stock (including, without limitation, upon conversion of this Note, and any
convertible notes or warrants outstanding as of or following the Issue Date), in each or any case at an effective price per share that
is lower than the then Fixed Price (such lower price, the Base Conversion Price and such issuances, collectively, a Dilutive
Issuance) (it being agreed that if the holder of the Common Stock or other securities so issued shall at any time, whether by
operation of purchase price adjustments, reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants,
options or rights per share which are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective
price per share that is lower than the Fixed Price, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Fixed Price on such
date of the Dilutive Issuance), then the Fixed Price shall be reduced, at the option of the Holder, to a price equal to the Base Conversion
Price. Such adjustment shall be made whenever such Common Stock or other securities are issued. By way of example, and for the avoidance
of doubt, if the Company issues a convertible promissory note (including but not limited to a Variable Rate Transaction (as defined in
the Purchase Agreement)), and the holder of such convertible promissory note has the right to convert it into Common Stock at an effective
price per share that is lower than the then Fixed Price (including but not limited to a conversion price with a discount that varies
with the trading prices of or quotations for the Common Stock), then the Holder has the right to reduce the Fixed Price to such Base
Conversion Price (including but not limited to a conversion price with a discount that varies with the trading prices of or quotations
for the Common Stock) in perpetuity regardless of whether the holder of such convertible promissory note ever effectuated a conversion
at the Base Conversion Price. In the event of an issuance of securities involving multiple tranches or closings, any adjustment pursuant
to this Section 1.6(e) shall be calculated as if all such securities were issued at the initial closing.

(f) Notice
of Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price as a result of the events described
in Section 1.6 of this Note, the Borrower shall, at its expense and within one (1) calendar day after the occurrence of each respective
adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price, compute such adjustment or readjustment and prepare and furnish to the Holder a certificate
setting forth (i) the Conversion Price in effect at such time based upon the Dilutive Issuance, (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock
and the amount, if any, of other securities or property which at the time would be received upon conversion of the Note, (iii) the detailed
facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based, and (iv) copies of the documentation (including but not limited to relevant
transaction documents) that evidences the adjustment or readjustment. In addition, the Borrower shall, within one (1) calendar day after
each written request from the Holder, furnish to such Holder a like certificate setting forth (i) the Conversion Price in effect at such
time based upon the Dilutive Issuance, (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other securities or property
which at the time would be received upon conversion of the Note, (iii) the detailed facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment
is based, and (iv) copies of the documentation (including but not limited to relevant transaction documents) that evidences the adjustment
or readjustment. For the avoidance of doubt, each adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price as a result of the events described
in Section 1.6 of this Note shall occur without any action by the Holder and regardless of whether the Borrower complied with the notification
provisions in Section 1.6 of this Note.

1.7
[Intentionally Omitted].

7

1.8
Status as Shareholder. Upon submission of a Notice of Conversion by the Holder, (i) the Conversion Shares covered thereby (other
than the Conversion Shares, if any, which cannot be issued because their issuance would exceed such Holders allocated portion
of the Reserved Amount or Maximum Share Amount) shall be deemed converted into shares of Common Stock and (ii) the Holders rights
as the Holder of such converted portion of this Note shall cease and terminate, excepting only the right to receive certificates for
such shares of Common Stock and to any remedies provided herein or otherwise available at law or in equity to such Holder because of
a failure by the Borrower to comply with the terms of this Note. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Holder has not received certificates
for all shares of Common Stock prior to the tenth (10th) business day after the expiration of the Deadline with respect to a conversion
of any portion of this Note for any reason, then (unless the Holder otherwise elects to retain its status as a holder of Common Stock
by so notifying the Borrower) the Holder shall regain the rights of a Holder of this Note with respect to such unconverted portions of
this Note and the Borrower shall, as soon as practicable, return such unconverted Note to the Holder or, if the Note has not been surrendered,
adjust its records to reflect that such portion of this Note has not been converted. In all cases, the Holder shall retain all of its
rights and remedies for the Borrowers failure to convert this Note.

1.9
Prepayment. At any time prior to the date that an Event of Default occurs under this Note, the Borrower shall have the right,
exercisable on five (5) Trading Days prior written notice to the Holder of the Note, to prepay the outstanding Principal Amount and interest
then due under this Note in accordance with this Section 1.9. Any notice of prepayment hereunder (an Optional Prepayment Notice)
shall be delivered to the Holder of the Note at its registered addresses and shall state: (1) that the Borrower is exercising its right
to prepay the Note, and (2) the date of prepayment which shall be five (5) Trading Days from the date of the Optional Prepayment Notice
(the Optional Prepayment Date). The Holder shall have the right, during the period beginning on the date of Holders
receipt of the Optional Prepayment Notice and until the Holders actual receipt of the full prepayment amount on the Optional Prepayment
Date, to instead convert all or any portion of the Note pursuant to the terms of this Note, including the amount of this Note to be prepaid
by the Borrower in accordance with this Section 1.9. On the Optional Prepayment Date, the Borrower shall make payment of the amounts
designated below to or upon the order of the Holder as specified by the Holder in writing to the Borrower. If the Borrower exercises
its right to prepay the Note in accordance with this Section 1.9, the Borrower shall make payment to the Holder of an amount in cash
equal to the sum of: (w) 100% multiplied by the Principal Amount then outstanding plus accrued and unpaid interest on the Principal
Amount to the Optional Prepayment Date. If the Borrower delivers an Optional Prepayment Notice and fails to pay the applicable prepayment
amount due to the Holder of the Note as provided in this Section 1.9, then the Borrower shall forever forfeit its right to prepay any
part of the Note pursuant to this Section 1.9

1.10
Repayment from Proceeds. If, at any time prior to the full repayment or full conversion of all amounts owed under this Note, the
Company or any of the Companys Subsidiaries receives cash proceeds from the issuance of securities pursuant to an Equity Line
of Credit (as defined in this Note), the Company shall, within one (1) business day of Companys or the Subsidiaries receipt
of such proceeds, inform the Holder of or publicly disclose such receipt, following which the Holder shall have the right in its sole
discretion to require the Company or the Subsidiaries to immediately apply up to 30% of such proceeds to repay all or any portion of
the outstanding Principal Amount and interest (including any Default Interest) then due under this Note. Failure of the Company to comply
with this provision shall constitute an Event of Default. Equity Line of Credit shall mean any transaction involving a
written agreement between the Company and an investor or underwriter whereby the Company has the right to put its Common
Stock to the investor or underwriter over an agreed period of time and at an agreed price or price formula (such Common Stock must be
registered pursuant to a registration statement of the Company for the investors or underwriters resale).

ARTICLE
II. RANKING AND CERTAIN COVENANTS

2.1
Ranking. This Note shall be a senior unsecured obligation of the Borrower, with priority over all existing and future unsecured
indebtedness of the Borrower

2.2
Other Indebtedness. So long as not less than $100,000 remains outstanding under this Note, neither the Borrower nor any of the
Borrowers Subsidiaries shall (directly or indirectly) incur or suffer to exist or guarantee any unsecured indebtedness that is
senior to or pari passu with (in priority of payment and performance) the Borrowers obligations hereunder.

2.3
Distributions on Capital Stock. So long as not less than $100,000 remains outstanding under this Note, the Borrower shall not
without the Holders written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed (a) pay, declare or set
apart for such payment, any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, property or other securities) on shares of capital stock
other than dividends on shares of Common Stock solely in the form of additional shares of Common Stock or (b) directly or indirectly
or through any subsidiary make any other payment or distribution in respect of its capital stock except for distributions pursuant to
any shareholders rights plan which is approved by a majority of the Borrowers disinterested directors.

8

2.4 Restriction
on Stock Repurchases and Debt Repayments. So long as not less than $100,000 remains outstanding under this Note, the Borrower
shall not without the Holders written consent redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire (whether for cash or in exchange for
property or other securities or otherwise) in any one transaction or series of related transactions any shares of capital stock of
the Borrower or any warrants, rights or options to purchase or acquire any such shares, or repay any indebtedness of Borrower other
than this Note (except with respect to the repayment of trade payables in the ordinary course of the Borrowers business and
loan payments to the US Small Business Administration, national banks, or regional banks).

2.5
Sale of Assets. So long as not less than $100,000 remains outstanding under this Note, neither the Borrower nor any of the Borrowers
Subsidiaries shall, without the Holders written consent, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any significant portion of its assets
outside the ordinary course of business. Any consent by the Holder to the disposition of any assets may be conditioned on a specified
use of the proceeds of disposition.

2.6
Advances and Loans; Affiliate Transactions. So long as not less than $100,000 remains outstanding under this Note, the Borrower
shall not, without the Holders written consent, lend money, give credit, make advances to or enter into any similar transaction
with any person, firm, joint venture or corporation, including officers, directors and employees of the Borrower, except loans, credits
or advances (a) in the ordinary course of business, (b) in existence or committed on the Issue Date and which the Borrower has disclosed
in its SEC Documents, (c) in regard to transactions with unaffiliated third parties, made in the ordinary course of business, or (d)
in regard to transactions with unaffiliated third parties, not in excess of $100,000. So long as not less than $100,000 remains outstanding
under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holders written consent, repay any affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of
the Borrower in connection with any indebtedness or accrued amounts owed to any such party.

2.7
Section 3(a)(9) or 3(a)(10) Transaction. So long as this Note is outstanding, the Borrower shall not enter into any transaction
or arrangement structured in accordance with, based upon, or related or pursuant to, in whole or in part, either Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act (a 3(a)(9) Transaction) or Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act (a 3(a)(10) Transaction).

2.8
Preservation of Business and Existence, etc. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall
not, without the Holders written consent, (a) change the nature of its business other than in the ordinary course of business;
(b) sell, divest, change the structure of any material assets other than in the ordinary course of business; (c) enter into a Variable
Rate Transaction; or (d) enter into any Prohibited Transaction (as defined in this Note). Prohibited Transaction shall
mean any merchant cash advance transaction, sale of receivables transaction, or any other similar transaction. In addition, so long as
the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries
to maintain and preserve, its existence, rights and privileges, and become or remain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries (other than
dormant Subsidiaries that have no or minimum assets) to become or remain, duly qualified and in good standing in each jurisdiction in
which the character of the properties owned or leased by it or in which the transaction of its business makes such qualification necessary.

2.9
Noncircumvention. The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its Certificate or Articles
of Incorporation or Bylaws, or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution,
issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms
of this Note, and will at all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Note and take all action as may be required to
protect the rights of the Holder.

2.10
Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Note. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft,
destruction or mutilation of this Note, and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder
to the Company in customary form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Note, the Company shall execute
and deliver to the Holder a new Note.

ARTICLE
III. EVENTS OF DEFAULT

It
shall be considered an event of default if any of the following events listed in this Article III (each, an Event of Default)
shall occur at any time during the period beginning on the Issue Date and ending when the Note is no longer outstanding, after receipt
by Borrower of notice by Holder with respect the same, subject, in each case (except with respect to Sections 3.2 and 3.15 of this Note),
to a five (5) business day cure period:

9

3.1
Failure to Pay Principal or Interest. The Borrower fails to pay the Principal Amount hereof or interest thereon when due on this
Note, whether at maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, or fails to fully comply with Section 1.10 of this Note.

3.2
Conversion and the Shares. The Borrower (i) fails to issue Conversion Shares to the Holder (or announces or threatens in writing
that it will not honor its obligation to do so) upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights of the Holder in accordance with
the terms of this Note, (ii) fails to transfer or cause its transfer agent to transfer (issue) (electronically or in certificated form)
any certificate for the Conversion Shares issuable to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required
by this Note, (iii) fails to reserve the Reserved Amount at all times, and/or (iv) the Borrower directs its transfer agent not to transfer
or delays, impairs, and/or hinders its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing) (electronically or in certificated form) any certificate
for the Conversion Shares issuable to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note,
or fails to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove or impairs, delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent from removing)
any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on any certificate for any Conversion Shares
issued to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note (or makes any written announcement,
statement or threat that it does not intend to honor the obligations described in this paragraph) and any such failure shall continue
uncured (or any written announcement, statement or threat not to honor its obligations shall not be rescinded in writing) for two (2)
Trading Days after the Holder shall have delivered a Notice of Conversion.

3.3
Breach of Agreements and Covenants. The Borrower breaches any material covenant, agreement, or other term or condition contained
in the Purchase Agreement, Registration Rights Agreement (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (the Registration Rights Agreement),
this Note, Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, or in any agreement, statement or certificate given in writing pursuant hereto or
in connection herewith or therewith.

3.4
Breach of Representations and Warranties. Any representation or warranty of the Borrower made in the Purchase Agreement, Registration
Rights Agreement, this Note, Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, or in any agreement, statement or certificate given in writing
pursuant hereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall be false or misleading in any material respect when made.

3.5
Receiver or Trustee. The Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or
apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial part of its property or business, or such
a receiver or trustee shall otherwise be appointed.

3.6
Judgments. Any money judgment, writ or similar process shall be entered or filed against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the
Borrower or any of its property or other assets for more than $200,000, and shall remain unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period
of twenty (20) days unless otherwise consented to by the Holder, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld.

3.7
Bankruptcy. Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings, voluntary or involuntary,
for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against the Borrower or any subsidiary
of the Borrower and, if involuntary, not dismissed within thirty (30) days.

3.8
Failure to Comply with the 1934 Act. At any time after the Issue Date, the Borrower shall fail to comply with the reporting requirements
of the 1934 Act and/or the Borrower shall cease to be subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act.

3.9
Liquidation. Any dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of Borrower or any substantial portion of its business.

3.10
Cessation of Operations. Any cessation of operations by Borrower or Borrower admits it is otherwise generally unable to pay its
debts as such debts become due, provided, however, that any disclosure of the Borrowers ability to continue as a going
concern shall not be an admission that the Borrower cannot pay its debts as they become due.

10

3.11
Maintenance of Assets. The failure by Borrower to maintain any material intellectual property rights, personal, real property
or other assets which are necessary to conduct its business (whether now or in the future). 3.12 [Intentionally omitted] 

3.13
Replacement of Transfer Agent. In the event that the Borrower proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Borrower fails to provide,
prior to the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered
pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserve shares of Common Stock in the Reserved
Amount) signed by the successor transfer agent to Borrower and the Borrower.

3.14
Cross-Default. The declaration of an event of default by any lender or other extender of credit to the Company under any notes,
loans, agreements or other instruments of the Company evidencing any indebtedness of the Company (including those filed as exhibits to
or described in the Companys filings with the SEC), after the passage of all applicable notice and cure or grace periods in an
amount not less than $200,000.

3.15
Variable Rate Transactions. The Borrower consummates a Variable Rate Transaction at any time on or after the Issue Date.

3.16
Inside Information. Any attempt by the Borrower or its officers, directors, and/or affiliates to transmit, convey, disclose, or
any actual transmittal, conveyance, or disclosure by the Borrower or its officers, directors, and/or affiliates of, material non-public
information concerning the Borrower, to the Holder or its successors and assigns, which is not immediately cured by Borrowers
filing of a Form 8-K pursuant to Regulation FD on that same date.

3.17
Unavailability of Rule 144. If, at any time on or after the date that is six (6) calendar months after the Issue Date, the Holder
is unable to (i) obtain a standard 144 legal opinion letter from an attorney reasonably acceptable to the Holder, the Holders
brokerage firm (and respective clearing firm), and the Borrowers transfer agent in order to facilitate the Holders conversion
of any portion of the Note into free trading shares of the Borrowers Common Stock pursuant to Rule 144, and/or (ii) thereupon
deposit such shares into the Holders brokerage account.

3.18
Delisting, Suspension, or Quotation of Trading of Common Stock. If, at any time on or after the Issue Date, the Borrowers
Common Stock (i) is suspended from trading, (ii) halted from trading, and/or (iii) fails to be listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market.

3.19
Shareholder Approval. The Company fails to obtain the Shareholder Approval prior to the date that is ninety (90) calendar days
after the Issue Date.

3.20
Registration Statement Failures. The Borrower fails to (i) file a registration statement (the Registration Statement)
covering the Holders resale at prevailing market prices (and not fixed prices) of all of the Conversion Shares (as defined in
the Purchase Agreement) (the Conversion Shares) within thirty (30) calendar days following the Issue Date, (ii) cause the
Registration Statement to become effective within one hundred twenty (120) calendar days following the Issue Date, (iii) cause the Registration
Statement to remain effective until the Holder no longer owns the Note or Conversion Shares, (iv) comply with the provisions of the Registration
Rights Agreement in all material respects, or (v) promptly amend the Registration Statement or file a new Registration Statement (and
cause such Registration Statement to become effective as provided in the Registration Rights Agreement) upon written request of Holder
if there are no longer sufficient shares registered under the initial Registration Statement for the Holders resale at prevailing
market prices (and not fixed prices) of all of the Conversion Shares.

3.21
Rights and Remedies Upon an Event of Default. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default specified in this Article III, this
Note shall become immediately due and payable, and the Borrower shall pay to the Holder, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder,
an amount equal to the Principal Amount then outstanding plus accrued interest (including any Default Interest) through the date of full
repayment multiplied by 115% (collectively the Default Amount), as well as all costs, including, without limitation, reasonable
attorneys fees and expenses, of collection, all without demand, presentment or notice, all of which hereby are expressly waived
by the Borrower. Holder may, in Holders sole discretion, convert all or any portion of this Note (including the Default Amount)
into Common Stock pursuant to the terms of this Note (for the avoidance of doubt, this shall apply even if such conversion occurs after
the Maturity Date). The Holder shall be entitled to exercise all other rights and remedies available at law or in equity.

11

ARTICLE
IV. MISCELLANEOUS

4.1
Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude
other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies of the Holder existing hereunder
are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available.

4.2
Notices. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be
in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified,
return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted
by hand delivery, or e-mail addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently by
written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a) upon hand
delivery or delivery by e-mail, at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours
where such notice is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during
normal business hours where such notice is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express
courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses
for such communications shall be:

If
to the Borrower, to:

YOSHIHARU
GLOBAL CO.

6940
Beach Blvd., Suite D-705

Buena
Park, CA 90621

Attention:
James Chae

e-mail:
jchae@yoshiharuramen.com

If
to the Holder:

CROM
STRUCTURED OPPORTUNITIES FUND I, LP

228
Park Avenue South PMB 57033

New
York, NY 10003

e-mail:
john@crom-llc.com and liam@crom-llc.com

4.3
Amendments. This Note and any provision hereof may only be amended by an instrument in writing signed by the Borrower and the
Holder. The term Note and all reference thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall mean this instrument as originally
executed, or if later amended or supplemented, then as so amended or supplemented.

4.4
Assignability. This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit
of the Holder and its successors and assigns. The Borrower shall not assign this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder without
the prior written consent of the Holder. The Holder may assign its rights hereunder to any accredited investor (as defined
in Rule 501(a) of the 1933 Act) in a private transaction from the Holder or to any of its affiliates, as that term is defined
under the 1934 Act, without the consent of the Borrower. Notwithstanding anything in this Note to the contrary, this Note may be pledged
as collateral in connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending arrangement. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance
of this Note, acknowledge and agree that following conversion of a portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted principal amount
of this Note represented by this Note may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

4.5
Cost of Collection. If default is made in the payment of this Note, the Borrower shall pay the Holder hereof costs of collection,
including reasonable attorneys fees.

12

4.6
Arbitration of Claims; Governing Law; Venue; Attorneys Fees. The Company and Holder shall submit all Claims (as defined
in Exhibit D of the Purchase Agreement) (the Claims) arising under this Note or any other agreement between the parties
and their affiliates or any Claim relating to the relationship of the parties to binding arbitration pursuant to the arbitration provisions
set forth in Exhibit D of the Purchase Agreement (the Arbitration Provisions). The Company and Holder hereby acknowledge
and agree that the Arbitration Provisions are unconditionally binding on the Company and Holder hereto and are severable from all other
provisions of this Note. By executing this Note, Company represents, warrants and covenants that Company has reviewed the Arbitration
Provisions carefully, consulted with legal counsel about such provisions (or waived its right to do so), understands that the Arbitration
Provisions are intended to allow for the expeditious and efficient resolution of any dispute hereunder, agrees to the terms and limitations
set forth in the Arbitration Provisions, and that Company will not take a position contrary to the foregoing representations. The Company
acknowledges and agrees that Holder may rely upon the foregoing representations and covenants of the Company regarding the Arbitration
Provisions. This Note shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation
and performance of this Note shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of
law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application
of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Delaware. The Company and Holder consent to and expressly agree that the exclusive
venue for arbitration of any Claims arising under this Note or any other agreement between the Company and Holder or their respective
affiliates (including but not limited to the Transaction Documents) or any Claim relating to the relationship of the Company and Holder
or their respective affiliates shall be in New Castle County, State of Delaware. Without modifying the Companys and Holders
obligations to resolve disputes hereunder pursuant to the Arbitration Provisions, for any litigation arising in connection with any of
the Transaction Documents (and notwithstanding the terms (specifically including any governing law and venue terms) of any transfer agent
services agreement or other agreement between the Companys transfer agent and the Company, such litigation specifically includes,
without limitation any action between or involving Company and the Companys transfer agent under the Irrevocable Transfer Agent
Instructions (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) or otherwise related to Holder in any way (specifically including, without limitation,
any action where Company seeks to obtain an injunction, temporary restraining order, or otherwise prohibit the Companys transfer
agent from issuing shares of Common Stock to Holder for any reason)), each party hereto hereby (i) consents to and expressly submits
to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of any state or federal court sitting in New Castle County, State of Delaware, (ii) expressly
submits to the exclusive venue of any such court for the purposes hereof, (iii) agrees to not bring any such action (specifically including,
without limitation, any action where Company seeks to obtain an injunction, temporary restraining order, or otherwise prohibit the Companys
transfer agent from issuing shares of Common Stock to Holder for any reason) outside of any state or federal court sitting in New Castle
County, State of Delaware, and (iv) waives any claim of improper venue and any claim or objection that such courts are an inconvenient
forum or any other claim, defense or objection to the bringing of any such proceeding in such jurisdiction or to any claim that such
venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper. Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, nothing herein (i) shall
limit, or shall be deemed or construed to limit, the ability of the Holder to realize on any collateral or any other security, or to
enforce a judgment or other court ruling in favor of the Holder, including through a legal action in any court of competent jurisdiction,
or (ii) shall limit, or shall be deemed or construed to limit, any provision of Section 4.15 of this Note. The Company hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted
hereunder, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, and any claim that such suit, action or
proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper (including but not limited
to based upon forum non conveniens). THE COMPANY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST,
A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS NOTE OR ANY TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY. The Company irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding
in connection with this Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby by mailing a
copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to Company at the address in effect for
notices to it under this Note and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof.
Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. The prevailing
party in any action or dispute brought in connection with this Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated
hereby or thereby shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorneys fees and costs. If any provision
of this Note shall be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the validity
or enforceability of the remainder of this Note in that jurisdiction or the validity or enforceability of any provision of this Note
in any other jurisdiction.

13

4.7
Certain Amounts. Whenever pursuant to this Note the Borrower is required to pay an amount in excess of the outstanding Principal
Amount (or the portion thereof required to be paid at that time) plus accrued and unpaid interest plus Default Interest on such interest,
the Borrower and the Holder agree that the actual damages to the Holder from the receipt of cash payment on this Note may be difficult
to determine and the amount to be so paid by the Borrower represents stipulated damages and not a penalty and is intended to compensate
the Holder in part for loss of the opportunity to convert this Note and to earn a return from the sale of shares of Common Stock acquired
upon conversion of this Note at a price in excess of the price paid for such shares pursuant to this Note. The Borrower and the Holder
hereby agree that such amount of stipulated damages is not plainly disproportionate to the possible loss to the Holder from the receipt
of a cash payment without the opportunity to convert this Note into shares of Common Stock.

4.8
Purchase Agreement. The Company and the Holder shall be bound by the applicable terms of the Purchase Agreement, and the Transaction
Documents entered into in connection herewith and therewith.

4.9
Notice of Corporate Events. Except as otherwise provided below, the Holder of this Note shall have no rights as a Holder of Common
Stock unless and only to the extent that it converts this Note into Common Stock. The Borrower shall provide the Holder with prior notification
of any meeting of the Borrowers shareholders (and copies of proxy materials and other information sent to shareholders). In the
event of any taking by the Borrower of a record of its shareholders for the purpose of determining shareholders who are entitled to receive
payment of any dividend or other distribution, any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire (including by way of merger,
consolidation, reclassification or recapitalization) any share of any class or any other securities or property, or to receive any other
right, or for the purpose of determining shareholders who are entitled to vote in connection with any change in control or any proposed
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Borrower, the Borrower shall mail a notice to the Holder, at least twenty (20) days prior
to the record date specified therein (or thirty (30) days prior to the consummation of the transaction or event, whichever is earlier),
of the date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, right or other event, and a brief
statement regarding the amount and character of such dividend, distribution, right or other event to the extent known at such time. The
Borrower shall make a public announcement of any event requiring notification to the Holder hereunder substantially simultaneously with
the notification to the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Section 4.9.

4.10
Remedies. The Borrower acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder,
by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Borrower acknowledges that the remedy at
law for a breach of its material obligations under this Note will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach
by the Borrower of the provisions of this Note, that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law
or in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any
breach of this Note and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and
without any bond or other security being required.

4.11
Construction; Headings. This Note shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and all the Holder and shall not be construed
against any person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Note are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect
the interpretation of, this Note.

4.12
Usury. To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever
claim, and will resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at
any time hereafter in force, in connection with any action or proceeding that may be brought by the Holder in order to enforce any right
or remedy under this Note. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in this Note, it is expressly agreed and provided
that the total liability of the Company under this Note for payments which under the applicable law are in the nature of interest shall
not exceed the maximum lawful rate authorized under applicable law (the Maximum Rate), and, without limiting the foregoing,
in no event shall any rate of interest or default interest, or both of them, when aggregated with any other sums which under the applicable
law in the nature of interest that the Company may be obligated to pay under this Note exceed such Maximum Rate. It is agreed that if
the maximum contract rate of interest allowed by applicable law and applicable to this Note is increased or decreased by statute or any
official governmental action subsequent to the Issue Date, the new maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law will be the Maximum
Rate applicable to this Note from the effective date thereof forward, unless such application is precluded by applicable law. If under
any circumstances whatsoever, interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to the Holder with respect to indebtedness
evidenced by this the Note, such excess shall be applied by the Holder to the unpaid principal balance of any such indebtedness or be
refunded to the Company, the manner of handling such excess to be at the Holders election.

14

4.13
Severability. In the event that any provision of this Note is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of
law (including any judicial ruling), then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and
shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under
any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Note.

4.14
[Intentionally Omitted]

4.15
Dispute Resolution.

(a) In
the case of a dispute relating to the Conversion Price, Conversion Amount, any prepayment amount or Default Amount, Issue Date, Closing
Date, Maturity Date, the closing bid price, or fair market value (as the case may be) (including, without limitation, a dispute relating
to the determination of any of the foregoing) (the Note Calculations), the Company or the Holder (as the case may be) shall
submit the dispute to the other party via electronic mail (A) if by the Company, within two (2) Trading Days after the occurrence of
the circumstances giving rise to such dispute or (B) if by the Holder, at any time after the Holder learned of the circumstances giving
rise to such dispute. If the Holder and the Company are unable to agree upon such determination or calculation within two (2) Trading
Days following such initial notice by the Company or the Holder (as the case may be) of such dispute to the Company or the Holder (as
the case may be), then the Holder may, at its sole option, submit the dispute to an independent, reputable investment bank or independent,
outside accountant selected by the Holder (the Independent Third Party), and the Company shall pay all expenses of such
Independent Third Party.

(b) The
Holder and the Company shall each deliver to such Independent Third Party (A) a copy of the initial dispute submission so delivered in
accordance with the first sentence of this Section 4.15(a) and (B) written documentation supporting its position with respect to such
dispute, in each case, no later than 5:00 p.m. (New York time) by second (2nd) Business Day immediately following the date on which the
Holder selected such Independent Third Party (the Dispute Submission Deadline) (the documents referred to in the immediately
preceding clauses (A) and (B) are collectively referred to herein as the Required Dispute Documentation) (it being understood
and agreed that if either the Holder or the Company fails to so deliver all of the Required Dispute Documentation by the Dispute Submission
Deadline, then the party who fails to so submit all of the Required Dispute Documentation shall no longer be entitled to (and hereby
waives its right to) deliver or submit any written documentation or other support to such Independent Third Party with respect to such
dispute and such Independent Third Party shall resolve such dispute based solely on the Required Dispute Documentation that was delivered
to such Independent Third Party prior to the Dispute Submission Deadline). Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by both the Company
and the Holder or otherwise requested by such Independent Third Party, neither the Company nor the Holder shall be entitled to deliver
or submit any written documentation or other support to such Independent Third Party in connection with such dispute, other than the
Required Dispute Documentation.

(c) The
Company and the Holder shall cause such Independent Third Party to determine the resolution of such dispute and notify the Company and
the Holder of such resolution no later than five (5) Business Days immediately following the Dispute Submission Deadline. The fees and
expenses of such Independent Third Party shall be borne solely by the Company, and such Independent Third Partys resolution of
such dispute shall be final and binding upon all parties absent manifest error.

(d)
The Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) this Section 4.15 constitutes an agreement to arbitrate between the Company
and the Holder (and constitutes an arbitration agreement) under the rules then in effect under the Delaware Rules of Civil Procedure
(DRCP) and that the Holder is authorized to apply for an order to compel arbitration pursuant to the DRCP in order to
compel compliance with this Section 4.15, (ii) a dispute relating to the Note Calculations includes, without limitation, disputes as
to (A) whether an issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale of Common Stock occurred under Section 1.6 of this Note, (B) the
consideration per share at which an issuance or deemed issuance of Common Stock occurred, (C) whether any issuance or sale or deemed
issuance or sale of Common Stock was an issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale, (D) whether an agreement, instrument, security
or the like constitutes a Common Stock Equivalent and (E) whether a Dilutive Issuance occurred, (iii) the terms of this Note and
each other applicable Transaction Document shall serve as the basis for the selected Independent Third Partys resolution of
the applicable dispute, such Independent Third Party shall be entitled (and is hereby expressly authorized) to make all findings,
determinations and the like that such Independent Third Party determines are required to be made by such Independent Third Party in
connection with its resolution of such dispute (including, without limitation, determining (A) whether an issuance or sale or deemed
issuance or sale of Common Stock occurred under Section 1.6 of this Note, (B) the consideration per share at which an issuance or
deemed issuance of Common Stock occurred, (C) whether any issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale of Common Stock was an
issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale, (D) whether an agreement, instrument, security or the like constitutes a Common Stock
Equivalent and (E) whether a Dilutive Issuance occurred) and in resolving such dispute such Independent Third Party shall apply such
findings, determinations and the like to the terms of this Note and any other applicable Transaction Documents, and (iv) nothing in
this Section 4.15 shall limit the Holder from obtaining any injunctive relief or other equitable remedies (including, without
limitation, with respect to any matters described in this Section 4.15).

[signature
page follows]

15

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its name by its duly authorized officer on January 6, 2025.

YOSHIHARU GLOBAL CO. 

By 

Name:
James
Chae 

Title:
Chief
Executive Officer 

16

EXHIBIT
A NOTICE OF CONVERSION

The
undersigned hereby elects to convert $______________principal amount of the Note (defined below) into that number of shares of
Common Stock to be issued pursuant to the conversion of the Note (Common Stock) as set forth below, of YOSHIHARU
GLOBAL CO., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower), according to the conditions of the promissory note of the
Borrower dated as of January 6, 2025 (the Note), as of the date written below. No fee will be charged to the Holder
for any conversion, except for transfer taxes, if any.

Box
Checked as to applicable instructions:

The
Borrower shall electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Notice
of Conversion to the account of the undersigned or its nominee with DTC through its Deposit
Withdrawal Agent Commission system (DWAC Transfer).

Name
of DTC Prime Broker:

Account Number:

The
undersigned hereby requests that the Borrower issue a certificate or certificates for the
number of shares of Common Stock set forth below (which numbers are based on the Holders
calculation attached hereto) in the name(s) specified immediately below or, if additional
space is necessary, on an attachment hereto:

Date of Conversion: 

Applicable Conversion Price: $ 

Number of Shares of Common Stock to be Issued Pursuant to Conversion of the Note: 

Amount of Principal Balance Due remaining Under the Note after this conversion: 

By: 

Name:

Title:

Date:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex10-5.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.5

REGISTRATION
RIGHTS AGREEMENT

REGISTRATION
RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of January 6, 2025, by and between YOSHIHARU GLOBAL CO., a
Delaware corporation (the Company), and CROM STRUCTURED OPPORTUNITIES FUND I, LP, a Delaware limited partnership
(together with it permitted assigns, the Investor). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein
shall have the respective meanings set forth in the securities purchase agreement by and between the parties hereto, dated as of the
date hereof (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Purchase Agreement).

WHEREAS:

The
Company has agreed, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Purchase Agreement, to sell to the Investor the Securities (as
defined in the Purchase Agreement) and to induce the Investor to enter into the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to provide
certain registration rights under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder, or any similar successor
statute (collectively, the Securities Act), and applicable state securities laws.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Investor hereby agree as follows:

1.
DEFINITIONS.

As
used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

a.
Investor shall have the meaning set forth above.

b.
Person means any individual or entity including but not limited to any corporation, a limited liability company,
an association, a partnership, an organization, a business, an individual, a governmental or political subdivision thereof or a governmental
agency.

c.
Register, registered, and registration refer to a registration effected
by preparing and filing one or more registration statements of the Company in compliance with the Securities Act and/or pursuant to Rule
415 under the Securities Act or any successor rule providing for offering securities on a continuous basis (Rule 415),
and the declaration or ordering of effectiveness of such registration statement(s) by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC).

d.
Registrable Securities means all of the Conversion Shares (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (the Conversion
Shares) which may, from time to time, be issued to the Investor under the Note (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (the
Note), without regard to any limitation on beneficial ownership, and shares of Common Stock (as defined in the Purchase
Agreement) (the Common Stock) issued to the Investor as a result of any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization,
exchange or similar event or otherwise, without regard to any limitation on beneficial ownership under the Purchase Agreement or Note.

e.
Registration Statement means one or more registration statements of the Company.

1

2.
REGISTRATION.

a.
Mandatory Registration. The Company shall, within thirty (30) calendar days from the date of this Agreement, file with the SEC
an initial Registration Statement covering the maximum number of Registrable Securities as shall be permitted to be included thereon
in accordance with applicable SEC rules, regulations and interpretations so as to permit the resale of such Registrable Securities by
the Investor (provided, however, that such number of the Investors Registrable Securities in the initial Registration Statement
shall be no less than 1,018,518 shares of Common Stock, subject to appropriate adjustment for any stock dividend, stock split, stock
combination, rights offerings, reclassification or similar transaction that proportionately decreases or increases the Common Stock),
including but not limited to under Rule 415 under the Securities Act at then prevailing market prices (and not fixed prices), subject
to the aggregate number of authorized shares of the Companys Common Stock then available for issuance in its Certificate of Incorporation.
The Investor and its counsel shall have a reasonable opportunity to review and comment upon such Registration Statement and any amendment
or supplement to such Registration Statement and any related prospectus prior to its filing with the SEC, and the Company shall give
due consideration to all reasonable comments. The Investor shall furnish all information reasonably requested by the Company for inclusion
therein. The Company shall have the Registration Statement declared effective by the SEC within ninety (90) calendar days from the date
hereof (or at the earliest possible date if prior to one hundred ninety (90) calendar days from the date hereof), and any amendment to
the Registration Statement thereafter declared effective by the SEC at the earliest possible date. The Company shall keep the Registration
Statement effective, including but not limited to pursuant to Rule 415 promulgated under the Securities Act and available for the resale
by the Investor of all of the Registrable Securities covered thereby at all times until the date on which the Investor shall have sold
all the Registrable Securities covered thereby (the Registration Period). The Registration Statement (including
any amendments or supplements thereto and prospectuses contained therein) shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
in which they were made, not misleading. In the event that (i) the Registration Statement or New Registration Statement (as defined below)
becomes stale after the initial effectiveness of such Registration Statement or New Registration Statement and (ii) the Investor still
has ownership of any of the Registrable Securities, the Company shall immediately file one or more post-effective amendments to facilitate
the SECs declaration of effectiveness with respect to such Registration Statement or New Registration Statement.

b.
Rule 424 Prospectus. The Company shall, as required by applicable securities regulations, from time to time file (in each case,
at the earliest possible date) with the SEC, pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the Securities Act, the prospectus and prospectus
supplements, if any, to be used in connection with sales of the Registrable Securities under the Registration Statement. The Company
shall file such initial prospectus covering the Investors sale of the Registrable Securities on the same date that the Registration
Statement is declared effective by the SEC. The Investor and its counsel shall have a reasonable opportunity to review and comment upon
such prospectus prior to its filing with the SEC, and the Company shall give due consideration to all such comments. The Investor shall
use its reasonable best efforts to comment upon such prospectus within one (1) Business Day from the date the Investor receives the final
pre-filing version of such prospectus.

c.
Sufficient Number of Shares Registered. In the event the number of shares available under the Registration Statement is insufficient
to cover all of the Registrable Securities, the Company shall amend the Registration Statement or file a new Registration Statement (a
New Registration Statement), so as to cover all of such Registrable Securities (subject to the limitations set forth
in Section 2(a)) as soon as practicable, but in any event not later than ten (10) Business Days after the necessity therefor arises,
subject to any limits that may be imposed by the SEC pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. The Company shall use it reasonable
best efforts to cause such amendment and/or New Registration Statement to become effective as soon as practicable following the filing
thereof.

2

In
the event that any of the Registrable Securities are not included in the Registration Statement, or have not been included in any New
Registration Statement and the Company files any other registration statement under the Securities Act (other than on Form S-4, Form
S-8, or with respect to other employee related plans or rights offerings) (Other Registration Statement) then the
Company shall include such remaining Registrable Securities in such Other Registration Statement. The Company agrees that it shall not
file any such Other Registration Statement unless all of the Registrable Securities have been included in such Other Registration Statement
or otherwise have been registered for resale as described above.

d.
Offering. If the staff of the SEC (the Staff) or the SEC seeks to characterize any offering pursuant to a
Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement as constituting an offering of securities that does not permit such Registration
Statement to become effective and be used for resales by the Investor under Rule 415 at then prevailing market prices (and not fixed
prices), or if after the filing of the initial Registration Statement with the SEC pursuant to Section 2(a), the Company is otherwise
required by the Staff or the SEC to reduce the number of Registrable Securities included in such initial Registration Statement, then
the Company shall reduce the number of Registrable Securities to be included in such initial Registration Statement (with the prior consent,
which shall not be unreasonably withheld, of the Investor and its legal counsel as to the specific Registrable Securities to be removed
therefrom) until such time as the Staff and the SEC shall so permit such Registration Statement to become effective and be used as aforesaid.
In the event of any reduction in Registrable Securities pursuant to this paragraph, the Company shall file one or more New Registration
Statements in accordance with Section 2(c) until such time as all Registrable Securities have been included in Registration Statements
that have been declared effective and the prospectus contained therein is available for use by the Investor. Notwithstanding any provision
herein or in the Purchase Agreement to the contrary, the Companys obligations to register Registrable Securities (and any related
conditions to the Investors obligations) shall be qualified as necessary to comport with any requirement of the SEC or the Staff
as addressed in this Section 2(d).

3.
RELATED OBLIGATIONS.

With
respect to the Registration Statement and whenever any Registrable Securities are to be registered pursuant to Section 2 including on
any New Registration Statement, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to effect the registration of the Registrable Securities
in accordance with the intended method of disposition thereof and, pursuant thereto, the Company shall have the following obligations:

a.
The Company shall prepare and file with the SEC such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to any registration
statement and the prospectus used in connection with such registration statement, which prospectus is to be filed pursuant to Rule 424
promulgated under the Securities Act, as may be necessary to keep the Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement effective
at all times during the Registration Period, and, during such period, comply with the provisions of the Securities Act with respect to
the disposition of all Registrable Securities of the Company covered by the Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement
until such time as all of such Registrable Securities shall have been disposed of in accordance with the intended methods of disposition
by the seller or sellers thereof as set forth in such registration statement.

b.
The Company shall permit the Investor to review and comment upon the Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement and all
amendments and supplements thereto at least two (2) Business Days prior to their filing with the SEC, and not file any document in a
form to which Investor reasonably objects. The Investor shall use its reasonable best efforts to comment upon the Registration Statement
or any New Registration Statement and any amendments or supplements thereto within two (2) Business Days from the date the Investor receives
the final version thereof. The Company shall furnish to the Investor, without charge any correspondence from the SEC or the staff of
the SEC to the Company or its representatives relating to the Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement.

3

c.
Upon request of the Investor, the Company shall furnish to the Investor, (i) promptly after the same is prepared and filed with the SEC,
at least one copy of such registration statement and any amendment(s) thereto, including financial statements and schedules, all documents
incorporated therein by reference and all exhibits, (ii) upon the effectiveness of any registration statement, a copy of the prospectus
included in such registration statement and all amendments and supplements thereto (or such other number of copies as the Investor may
reasonably request) and (iii) such other documents, including copies of any preliminary or final prospectus, as the Investor may reasonably
request from time to time in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by the Investor. For the avoidance
of doubt, any filing available to the Investor via the SECs live EDGAR system shall be deemed furnished to the Investor
hereunder.

d.
The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to (i) register and qualify the Registrable Securities covered by a registration statement
under such other securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as the Investor reasonably requests,
(ii) prepare and file in those jurisdictions, such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to such registrations
and qualifications as may be necessary to maintain the effectiveness thereof during the Registration Period, (iii) take such other actions
as may be necessary to maintain such registrations and qualifications in effect at all times during the Registration Period, and (iv)
take all other actions reasonably necessary or advisable to qualify the Registrable Securities for sale in such jurisdictions; provided,
however, that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition thereto to (x) qualify to do business in any
jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this Section 3(d), (y) subject itself to general taxation in
any such jurisdiction, or (z) file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction. The Company shall promptly notify
the Investor who holds Registrable Securities of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the
registration or qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale under the securities or blue sky laws of any
jurisdiction in the United States or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose.

e.
As promptly as practicable after becoming aware of such event or facts, the Company shall notify the Investor in writing of the happening
of any event or existence of such facts as a result of which the prospectus included in any registration statement, as then in effect,
includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and promptly prepare a supplement or
amendment to such registration statement and/or take any other necessary steps (which, if in accordance with applicable SEC rules and
regulations, may consist of a document to be filed by the Company with the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act and to be incorporated by reference in the prospectus) to correct such untrue statement or omission, and deliver a copy of such supplement
or amendment to the Investor (or such other number of copies as the Investor may reasonably request). The Company shall also promptly
notify the Investor in writing (i) when a prospectus or any prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment has been filed, and when
a registration statement or any post-effective amendment has become effective (notification of such effectiveness shall be delivered
to the Investor by email on the same day of such effectiveness and by overnight mail), (ii) of any request by the SEC for amendments
or supplements to any registration statement or related prospectus or related information, and (iii) of the Companys reasonable
determination that a post-effective amendment to a registration statement would be appropriate.

4

f.
The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or other suspension of effectiveness of any
registration statement, or the suspension of the qualification of any Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction and, if such
an order or suspension is issued, to obtain the withdrawal of such order or suspension at the earliest possible moment and to notify
the Investor of the issuance of such order and the resolution thereof or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threat of
any proceeding for such purpose.

g.
The Company shall (i) cause all the Registrable Securities to be listed on each securities exchange on which securities of the same class
or series issued by the Company are then listed, if any, if the listing of such Registrable Securities is then permitted under the rules
of such exchange, or (ii) secure designation and quotation of all the Registrable Securities on the Principal Market (as defined in the
Purchase Agreement). The Company shall pay all fees and expenses in connection with satisfying its obligation under this Section.

h.
The Company shall cooperate with the Investor to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of the Registrable Securities (not bearing
any restrictive legend) either by DWAC, DRS, or in certificated form if DWAC or DRS is unavailable, to be offered pursuant to any registration
statement and enable such Registrable Securities to be in such denominations or amounts as the Investor may reasonably request and registered
in such names as the Investor may request.

i.
The Company shall at all times provide a transfer agent and registrar with respect to its Common Stock.

j.
If reasonably requested by the Investor, the Company shall (i) immediately incorporate in a prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment
such information as the Investor believes should be included therein relating to the sale and distribution of Registrable Securities,
including, without limitation, information with respect to the number of Registrable Securities being sold, the purchase price being
paid therefor and any other terms of the offering of the Registrable Securities; (ii) make all required filings of such prospectus supplement
or post-effective amendment as soon as practicable upon notification of the matters to be incorporated in such prospectus supplement
or post-effective amendment; and (iii) supplement or make amendments to any registration statement.

k.
The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Registrable Securities covered by any registration statement to be registered
with or approved by such other governmental agencies or authorities as may be necessary to consummate the disposition of such Registrable
Securities.

l.
Within one (1) Business Day after any registration statement which includes the Registrable Securities is ordered effective by the SEC,
the Company shall deliver, and shall cause legal counsel for the Company to deliver, to the transfer agent for such Registrable Securities
(with copies to the Investor) confirmation that such registration statement has been declared effective by the SEC in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit A. Thereafter, if requested by the Investor at any time, the Company shall require its counsel to deliver to
the Investor a written confirmation whether or not the effectiveness of such registration statement has lapsed at any time for any reason
(including, without limitation, the issuance of a stop order) and whether or not the registration statement is current and available
to the Investor for sale of all of the Registrable Securities.

m.
The Company shall take all other reasonable actions necessary to expedite and facilitate disposition by the Investor of Registrable Securities
pursuant to any registration statement.

5

4.
OBLIGATIONS OF THE INVESTOR.

a.
The Company shall notify the Investor in writing of the information the Company reasonably requires from the Investor in connection with
any registration statement hereunder. The Investor shall furnish to the Company such information regarding itself, the Registrable Securities
held by it and the intended method of disposition of the Registrable Securities held by it as shall be reasonably required to effect
the registration of such Registrable Securities and shall execute such documents in connection with such registration as the Company
may reasonably request.

b.
The Investor agrees to cooperate with the Company as reasonably requested by the Company in connection with the preparation and filing
of any registration statement hereunder.

c.
The Investor agrees that, upon receipt of any notice from the Company of the happening of any event or existence of facts of the kind
described in Section 3(f) or the first sentence of 3(e), the Investor will immediately discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities
pursuant to any registration statement(s) covering such Registrable Securities until the Investors receipt of the copies of the
supplemented or amended prospectus contemplated by Section 3(f) or the first sentence of 3(e). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary,
the Company shall cause its transfer agent to promptly deliver shares of Common Stock without any restrictive legend in accordance with
the terms of the Purchase Agreement and Note as applicable in connection with any sale of Registrable Securities with respect to which
an Investor has entered into a contract for sale prior to the Investors receipt of a notice from the Company of the happening
of any event of the kind described in Section 3(f) or the first sentence of Section 3(e) and for which the Investor has not yet settled.

5.
EXPENSES OF REGISTRATION.

All
reasonable expenses, other than sales or brokerage commissions, incurred in connection with registrations, filings or qualifications
pursuant to Sections 2 and 3, including, without limitation, all registration, listing and qualifications fees, printers and accounting
fees, and fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, shall be paid by the Company.

6.
INDEMNIFICATION.

a.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company will, and hereby does, indemnify, hold harmless and defend the Investor, each Person,
if any, who controls the Investor, the members, the directors, officers, partners, employees, agents, representatives of the Investor
and each Person, if any, who controls the Investor within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act) (each, an Indemnified Person), against any losses, claims, damages,
liabilities, judgments, fines, penalties, charges, costs, attorneys fees, amounts paid in settlement or expenses, joint or several,
(collectively, Claims) incurred in investigating, preparing or defending any action, claim, suit, inquiry, proceeding,
investigation or appeal taken from the foregoing by or before any court or governmental, administrative or other regulatory agency, body
or the SEC, whether pending or threatened, whether or not an indemnified party is or may be a party thereto (Indemnified Damages),
to which any of them may become subject insofar as such Claims (or actions or proceedings, whether commenced or threatened, in respect
thereof) arise out of or are based upon: (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact in the Registration
Statement, any New Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto or in any filing made in connection with the qualification
of the offering under the securities or other blue sky laws of any jurisdiction in which Registrable Securities are offered
(Blue Sky Filing), or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained
in the final prospectus (as amended or supplemented, if the Company files any amendment thereof or supplement thereto with the SEC) or
the omission or alleged omission to state therein any material fact necessary to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances
under which the statements therein were made, not misleading, (iii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities
Act, the Exchange Act, any other law, including, without limitation, any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder relating
to the offer or sale of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement or (iv) any
material violation by the Company of this Agreement (the matters in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iv) being, collectively, Violations).
The Company shall reimburse each Indemnified Person promptly as such expenses are incurred and are due and payable, for any reasonable
legal fees or other reasonable expenses incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, the indemnification agreement contained in this Section 6(a): (i) shall not apply to a Claim
by an Indemnified Person arising out of or based upon a Violation which occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with information about
the Investor furnished in writing to the Company by such Indemnified Person expressly for use in connection with the preparation of the
Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement or any such amendment thereof or supplement thereto, if such prospectus was timely
made available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(c) or Section 3(e); (ii) with respect to any superseded prospectus, shall not inure
to the benefit of any such person from whom the person asserting any such Claim purchased the Registrable Securities that are the subject
thereof (or to the benefit of any person controlling such person) if the untrue statement or omission of material fact contained in the
superseded prospectus was corrected in the revised prospectus, as then amended or supplemented, if such revised prospectus was timely
made available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(c) or Section 3(e), and the Indemnified Person was promptly advised in writing not
to use the incorrect prospectus prior to the use giving rise to a violation and such Indemnified Person, notwithstanding such advice,
used it; (iii) shall not be available to the extent such Claim is based on a failure of the Investor to deliver or to cause to be delivered
the prospectus made available by the Company, if such prospectus was timely made available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(c) or
Section 3(e); and (iv) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected without the prior written
consent of the Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless
of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Indemnified Person and shall survive the transfer of the Registrable Securities by the
Investor pursuant to Section 9.

6

b.
Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party under this Section 6 of notice of the commencement of any action
or proceeding (including any governmental action or proceeding) involving a Claim, such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party shall,
if a Claim in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section 6, deliver to the indemnifying party a
written notice of the commencement thereof, and the indemnifying party shall have the right to participate in, and, to the extent the
indemnifying party so desires, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly noticed, to assume control of the defense thereof
with counsel mutually satisfactory to the indemnifying party and the Indemnified Person or the Indemnified Party, as the case may be;
provided, however, that an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party shall have the right to retain its own counsel with the fees and expenses
to be paid by the indemnifying party, if, in the reasonable opinion of counsel retained by the indemnifying party, the representation
by such counsel of the Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and the indemnifying party would be inappropriate due to actual or potential
differing interests between such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and any other party represented by such counsel in such proceeding.
The Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person shall cooperate fully with the indemnifying party in connection with any negotiation or defense
of any such action or claim by the indemnifying party and shall furnish to the indemnifying party all information reasonably available
to the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person which relates to such action or claim. The indemnifying party shall keep the Indemnified
Party or Indemnified Person fully apprised at all times as to the status of the defense or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto.
No indemnifying party shall be liable for any settlement of any action, claim or proceeding effected without its written consent, provided,
however, that the indemnifying party shall not unreasonably withhold, delay or condition its consent. No indemnifying party shall, without
the consent of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement or other compromise
which does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such Indemnified Party or Indemnified
Person of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation. Following indemnification as provided for hereunder, the
indemnifying party shall be subrogated to all rights of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person with respect to all third parties,
firms or corporations relating to the matter for which indemnification has been made. The failure to deliver written notice to the indemnifying
party within a reasonable time of the commencement of any such action shall not relieve such indemnifying party of any liability to the
Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party under this Section 6, except to the extent that the indemnifying party is prejudiced in its ability
to defend such action.

c.
The indemnification required by this Section 6 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation
or defense, as and when bills are received or Indemnified Damages are incurred.

d.
The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to (i) any cause of action or similar right of the Indemnified Party or
Indemnified Person against the indemnifying party or others, and (ii) any liabilities the indemnifying party may be subject to pursuant
to the law.

7

7.
CONTRIBUTION.

To
the extent any indemnification by an indemnifying party is prohibited or limited by law, the indemnifying party agrees to make the maximum
contribution with respect to any amounts for which it would otherwise be liable under Section 6 to the fullest extent permitted by law;
provided, however, that: (i) no seller of Registrable Securities guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section
11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any seller of Registrable Securities who was not guilty of fraudulent
misrepresentation; and (ii) contribution by any seller of Registrable Securities shall be limited in amount to the net amount of proceeds
received by such seller from the sale of such Registrable Securities.

8.
REPORTS AND DISCLOSURE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACTS.

With
a view to making available to the Investor the benefits of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act or any other similar rule or
regulation of the SEC that may at any time permit the Investor to sell securities of the Company to the public without registration (Rule
144), the Company agrees, at the Companys sole expense, to:

a.
make and keep public information available, as those terms are understood and defined in Rule 144;

b.
file with the SEC in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange
Act so long as the Company remains subject to such requirements and the filing of such reports and other documents is required for the
applicable provisions of Rule 144;

c.
furnish to the Investor so long as the Investor owns Registrable Securities, promptly upon request, (i) a written statement by the Company
that it has complied with the reporting and or disclosure provisions of Rule 144, the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, (ii) a copy
of the most recent annual or quarterly report of the Company and such other reports and documents so filed by the Company, and (iii)
such other information as may be reasonably requested to permit the Investor to sell such securities pursuant to Rule 144 without registration;
and

8

d.
take such additional action as is requested by the Investor to enable the Investor to sell the Registrable Securities pursuant to Rule
144, including, without limitation, delivering all such legal opinions, consents, certificates, resolutions and instructions to the Companys
transfer agent as may be requested from time to time by the Investor and otherwise fully cooperate with Investor and Investors
broker to effect such sale of securities pursuant to Rule 144.

The
Company agrees that damages may be an inadequate remedy for any breach of the terms and provisions of this Section 8 and that Investor
shall, whether or not it is pursuing any remedies at law, be entitled to equitable relief in the form of a preliminary or permanent injunctions,
without having to post any bond or other security, upon any breach or threatened breach of any such terms or provisions.

9.
ASSIGNMENT OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

The
Company shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Investor.

10.
AMENDMENT OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

No
provision of this Agreement may be amended or waived by the parties from and after the date that is one Business Day immediately preceding
the initial filing of the Registration Statement with the SEC. Subject to the immediately preceding sentence, no provision of this Agreement
may be (i) amended other than by a written instrument signed by both parties hereto or (ii) waived other than in a written instrument
signed by the party against whom enforcement of such waiver is sought. Failure of any party to exercise any right or remedy under this
Agreement or otherwise, or delay by a party in exercising such right or remedy, shall not operate as a waiver thereof.

11.
MISCELLANEOUS.

a.
A Person is deemed to be a holder of Registrable Securities whenever such Person owns or is deemed to own of record such Registrable
Securities. If the Company receives conflicting instructions, notices or elections from two or more Persons with respect to the same
Registrable Securities, the Company shall act upon the basis of instructions, notice or election received from the registered owner of
such Registrable Securities.

b.
Any notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement must be in
writing and will be deemed to have been delivered: (i) upon receipt, when delivered personally; (ii) upon receipt, when sent by email
(provided confirmation of transmission is mechanically or electronically generated and kept on file by the sending party); or (iii) one
(1) Business Day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, in each case properly addressed to the party
to receive the same. The addresses for such communications shall be:

If
to the Company, to:

YOSHIHARU
GLOBAL CO.

6940
Beach Blvd., Suite D-705

Buena
Park, CA 90621

Email:
jchae@yoshiharuramen.com

Attention:
James Chae

9

If
to the Investor:

CROM
STRUCTURED OPPORTUNITIES FUND I, LP

228
Park Avenue South PMB 57033

New
York, NY 10003

e-mail:
john@crom-llc.com and liam@crom-llc.com

or
at such other address, email address, and/or to the attention of such other person as the recipient party has specified by written notice
given to each other party three (3) Business Days prior to the effectiveness of such change. Written confirmation of receipt (A) given
by the recipient of such notice, consent, waiver or other communication, (B) mechanically or electronically generated by the senders
email account containing the time, date, recipient email address, as applicable, and an image of the first page of such transmission
or (C) provided by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, shall be rebuttable evidence of personal service, receipt from
a nationally recognized overnight delivery service in accordance with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, respectively.

c.
The Company and Investor shall submit all Claims (as defined in Exhibit D of the
Purchase Agreement) (the Claims) arising under this Agreement or any other agreement between the parties and their affiliates
or any Claim relating to the relationship of the parties to binding arbitration pursuant to the arbitration provisions set forth in Exhibit
D of the Purchase Agreement (the Arbitration Provisions). The Company and Investor hereby acknowledge and agree that the
Arbitration Provisions are unconditionally binding on the Company and Investor hereto and are severable from all other provisions of
this Agreement. By executing this Agreement, Company represents, warrants and covenants that Company has reviewed the Arbitration Provisions
carefully, consulted with legal counsel about such provisions (or waived its right to do so), understands that the Arbitration Provisions
are intended to allow for the expeditious and efficient resolution of any dispute hereunder, agrees to the terms and limitations set
forth in the Arbitration Provisions, and that Company will not take a position contrary to the foregoing representations. Company acknowledges
and agrees that Investor may rely upon the foregoing representations and covenants of Company regarding the Arbitration Provisions. This
Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation
and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice
of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application
of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Delaware. The Company and Investor consent to and expressly agree that the exclusive
venue for arbitration of any Claims arising under this Agreement or any other agreement between the Company and Investor or their respective
affiliates (including but not limited to the Transaction Documents (as defined in the Purchase Agreement)) or any Claim relating to the
relationship of the Company and Investor or their respective affiliates shall be in New Castle County, State of Delaware. Without modifying
the Companys and Investors obligations to resolve disputes hereunder pursuant to the Arbitration Provisions, for any litigation
arising in connection with any of the Transaction Documents (and notwithstanding the terms (specifically including any governing law
and venue terms) of any transfer agent services agreement or other agreement between the Companys transfer agent and the Company,
such litigation specifically includes, without limitation any action between or involving Company and the Companys transfer agent
under the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) or otherwise related to Investor in any way
(specifically including, without limitation, any action where Company seeks to obtain an injunction, temporary restraining order, or
otherwise prohibit the Companys transfer agent from issuing shares of Common Stock to Investor for any reason)), each party hereto
hereby (i) consents to and expressly submits to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of any state or federal
court sitting in the New Castle County, State of Delaware, (ii) expressly submits to the exclusive venue of any such court for the purposes
hereof, (iii) agrees to not bring any such action (specifically including, without limitation, any action where Company seeks to obtain
an injunction, temporary restraining order, or otherwise prohibit the Companys transfer agent from issuing shares of Common Stock
to Investor for any reason) outside of any state or federal court sitting in New Castle County, State of Delaware, and (iv) waives any
claim of improper venue and any claim or objection that such courts are an inconvenient forum or any other claim, defense or objection
to the bringing of any such proceeding in such jurisdiction or to any claim that such venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper.
Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, nothing herein shall limit, or shall be deemed or construed to limit, the
ability of the Investor to realize on any collateral or any other security, or to enforce a judgment or other court ruling in favor of
the Investor, including through a legal action in any court of competent jurisdiction. The Company hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees
not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder, any claim
that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, and any claim that such suit, action or proceeding is brought
in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper (including but not limited to based upon forum
non conveniens). THE COMPANY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE
ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.
The Company irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in
connection with this Agreement or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby by mailing
a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to Company at the address in effect
for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice
thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.
The prevailing party in any action or dispute brought in connection with this Agreement or any other agreement, certificate, instrument
or document contemplated hereby or thereby shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorneys fees and
costs. If any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability
shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement in that jurisdiction or the validity or enforceability
of any provision of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction.

10

d.
The Agreement, Purchase Agreement, Note, and ancillary documentation entered into between the Company and Investor therewith constitute
the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof. There are no restrictions, promises,
warranties or undertakings, other than those set forth or referred to herein and therein. The Agreement, Purchase Agreement, Note, and
ancillary documentation entered into between the Company and Investor therewith supersede all prior agreements and understandings among
the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof.

e.
Subject to the requirements of Section 9, this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted
assigns of each of the parties hereto.

f.
The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof.

g.
This Agreement may be executed in identical counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute
one and the same agreement. This Agreement, once executed by a party,
may be delivered to the other party hereto by e-mail in a .pdf format data file of a copy of this Agreement bearing the
signature of the party so delivering this Agreement.

h.
Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all
such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent
and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

i.
The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent and no rules
of strict construction will be applied against any party.

j.
This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns, and is not for
the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person.

*
* * * * *

11

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of day and year first above written.

THE
COMPANY:

YOSHIHARU
GLOBAL CO.

By: 

Name: JAMES
CHAE 

Title: CHIEF
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

INVESTOR:

CROM
STRUCTURED OPPORTUNITIES FUND I, LP

By:
CROM STRUCTURED OPPORTUNITIES FUND I GP, LLC, its General Partner 

By: CROM CORTANA FUND LLC, member of
the General Partner

By: 

Name: Liam Sherif 

Title: Authorized Signatory 

[Signature
Page to registration rights agreement]

12

EXHIBIT
A

TO
REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

FORM
OF NOTICE OF EFFECTIVENESS

OF REGISTRATION STATEMENT

______,
2025

_____________

_____________

_____________

Re:
Effectiveness of Registration Statement

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

We
are counsel to YOSHIHARU GLOBAL CO., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and have represented the Company in connection
with that certain Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 6, 2025 (the Purchase Agreement), entered into by and
between the Company and CROM STRUCTURED OPPORTUNITIES FUND I, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Investor)
pursuant to which the Company has agreed to issue to the Investor shares of Class A common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per
share, consisting of the Conversion Shares (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (the Conversion Shares) in accordance
with the terms of the Purchase Agreement and Note (as defined below). In connection with the transactions contemplated by the Purchase
Agreement, the Company has registered with the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission the following shares of Common Stock:

_______Conversion
Shares issued and/or to be issued to the Investor upon conversion of the Note (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (the Note)
in accordance with the Note.

Pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement, the Company also has entered into a Registration Rights Agreement, of even date with the Purchase Agreement
with the Investor (the Registration Rights Agreement) pursuant to which the Company agreed, among other things,
to register the Conversion Shares under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). In connection with
the Companys obligations under the Purchase Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement, on [_______], 2025, the Company
filed a Registration Statement (File No. 333-[____]) (the Registration Statement) with the

Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC) relating to the resale of the Conversion Shares.

In
connection with the foregoing, we advise you that a member of the SECs staff has advised us by telephone that the SEC has entered
an order declaring the Registration Statement effective under the Securities Act at [_____] [A.M./P.M.] on [________],
2025 and we have no knowledge, after telephonic inquiry of a member of the SECs staff, that any stop order suspending its effectiveness
has been issued or that any proceedings for that purpose are pending before, or threatened by, the SEC and the Conversion Shares are
available for resale under the Securities Act pursuant to the Registration Statement and may be issued without any restrictive legend.

Very
truly yours, 

[Company
Counsel]

By: 

cc: CROM STRUCTURED OPPORTUNITIES
FUND I, LP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex10-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex10-1_002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex10-2_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ex10-2_002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ex10-3_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ex10-3_002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>ex10-4_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>yosh-20250106.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>yosh-20250106_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>yosh-20250106_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-001968-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001898604 

2025-01-06 
2025-01-06 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001898604 
8-K 
2025-01-06 
Yoshiharu Global Co. 
DE 
001-41494 
87-3941448 
6940 Beach Blvd. 
Suite D-705 
Buena Park 
CA 
90621 
(714) 
694-2403 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value 
YOSH 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 06, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 06, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41494

Entity Registrant Name Yoshiharu
Global Co.

Entity Central Index Key 0001898604

Entity Tax Identification Number 87-3941448

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 6940
Beach Blvd.

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite D-705

Entity Address, City or Town Buena
Park

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 90621

City Area Code (714)

Local Phone Number 694-2403

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Class
A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value

Trading Symbol YOSH

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://yoshiharuramen.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
yosh-20250106.xsd 
yosh-20250106_lab.xml 
yosh-20250106_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>