<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-005036.txt : 20250122
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-005036.hdr.sgml : 20250122
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250122063533
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-005036
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250117
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250122
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250122

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Grocery Outlet Holding Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001771515
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-GROCERY STORES [5411]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				471874201
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38950
		FILM NUMBER:		25543855

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5650 HOLLIS STREET
		CITY:			EMERYVILLE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94608
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(510) 845-1999

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5650 HOLLIS STREET
		CITY:			EMERYVILLE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94608
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm253888d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000177151500017715152025-01-172025-01-17iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date Earliest Event reported):

January 17, 2025

Grocery Outlet Holding Corp.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Delaware 001-38950 47-1874201

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (I.R.S. Employer 

Identification No.)

5650 Hollis Street, 

Emeryville,California 94608

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(510) 845-1999

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered

Common stock, par value $0.001 per share GO Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain
Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Jason Potter Appointment as President
and Chief Executive Officer, and Director; Execution of Employment Agreement

On January 17, 2025, the board of directors
(the "Board") of Grocery Outlet Holding Corp. (the "Company" or "Grocery Outlet") appointed Jason Potter
as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, effective February 3, 2025.

Mr. Potter, age 54, has over 30 years of
experience in the grocery retail industry. He served as Chief Executive Officer and a director at The Fresh Market, Inc., a specialty
grocery retailer of fresh, gourmet food and prepared meals, from March 2020 to January 2025. The Fresh Market had approximately
166 stores in 22 states as of year-end 2024. From 1990 to June 2018, he served in successively senior positions at Sobeys Inc., a
Canadian food and drug retailer and wholly owned subsidiary of The Empire Company Limited that was primarily franchise driven. Most recently,
he served from May 2017 to June 2018 as Executive Vice President of Operations, where he oversaw store operations for approximately
1,500 full service and community stores under the Sobeys, Safeway, IGA, Foodland and Thrifty Food brands. Prior to that, he served
as President of Sobeys West, President of Sobeys Atlantic, and President of Multi-Format Operations. Mr. Potter received his Bachelor
of Management and Master of Business Administration from Athabasca University. He also completed the Advanced Management Program at Harvard
Business School.

On
January 17, 2025, and in connection with such appointment, Mr. Potter entered into
an Employment Agreement, effective February 3, 2025, with the Company and Grocery Outlet
Inc. (the "Employment Agreement"). In connection with his appointment, the Employment Agreement provides that Mr. Potter
will:

(i) receive an annual base salary of $1,025,000;

(ii) be eligible for an annual incentive bonus with a target of 125%
of base salary;

(iii) be eligible to receive equity grants, including in 2025 (A) an
annual grant consisting of (a) stock options having a grant date fair value for financial reporting purposes of $2.1 million, with
an exercise price equal to the closing trading price of the Company's Common Stock on the grant date (the Closing Price),
which will vest over three years in equal annual installments, and (b) performance stock units ("PSUs") with a three-year
performance period with the number of target PSUs equal to $2.1 million divided by the Closing Price and a maximum payout of 200% of target;
(B) an additional new hire grant of stock options to purchase 250,000 shares of the Company's Common Stock, with an exercise price
equal to the Closing Price, with one-third of such options vesting and becoming exercisable three years after the grant date, and two-thirds
of such options vesting upon achievement of certain stock price performance targets during such three-year period and becoming exercisable
three years after the grant date; and (C) an additional new hire grant of restricted stock units in an amount equal to $2.0 million
divided by the Closing Price and vesting in a single installment one year after the Grant Date, in each case as determined and approved
by the Board or a committee thereof. All equity grants in 2025 will be subject to the terms of the Company's 2019 Incentive Plan and the
applicable award agreement; and

(iv) receive a relocation allowance of up to $500,000 (net of applicable
local, state and federal taxes, if any).

Mr. Potter's
base salary and annual cash bonus will be prorated from the day he commences employment. 

Except
as provided in the Employment Agreement and summarized below, Mr. Potter's participation in the annual incentive plan and equity
incentive plan, as well as the receipt of other rights and benefits, will be generally consistent with participation of other Company
executive officers. The Employment Agreement does not provide for a fixed duration and Mr. Potter will be an at-will employee of
the Company, although he will be eligible for specified severance benefits upon certain terminations of employment, subject to his execution
of a general release of claims for the benefit of the Company that becomes irrevocable. In the event of a termination of employment of
Mr. Potter without Cause or resignation for Good Reason (each as defined in the Employment Agreement), in addition to accrued base
salary and benefits, he is entitled to:

(i) continued payment of his base salary in equal installments in accordance
with the Company's regular payroll practices for a period of 24 months;

(ii) an amount equal to two times his target bonus for the year in which
the termination date occurs, payable in equal installments for a period of 24 months;

(iii) payment for up to 18 months of medical and dental benefits;

(iv) any unpaid bonus in respect of any fiscal year completed prior to
the date of termination;

(v) subject to the satisfaction of applicable performance objectives,
payment of a pro-rated bonus with respect to the fiscal year of termination;

(vi) pro-rated vesting of any outstanding time-based restricted stock
units or time-based stock options that would have vested on the next regularly scheduled vesting date, calculated, in each case, as of
the date of termination ("Pro Rata Vesting Rights"); and

(vii) to the extent such termination occurs prior to the third anniversary
of the grant date of the performance-based stock options, any such options subject to achievement of stock price performance targets that
are vested as of such date of termination shall be exercisable for the period set forth in the stock option agreement governing such award
(the "Price Target Exercisability Right.").

The treatment
of PSUs upon a termination event is consistent with other executives and is set forth in the applicable award agreement.

Further,
if Mr. Potter's employment is terminated by reason of his death or Disability (as defined in the Employment Agreement), he will be
entitled to (i) accrued base salary and benefits, (ii) a lump sum amount equal to his pro rata target annual bonus for the year
in which the termination occurs, (iii) any unpaid bonus in respect of any fiscal year completed prior to the date of termination,
(iv) Pro Rata Vesting Rights and (v) the Price Target Exercisability Right. In consideration for the benefits provided to Mr. Potter,
the Employment Agreement contains non-competition covenants during the term of the agreement as well as confidentiality and non-solicitation
covenants.

The Employment Agreement also provides that Mr. Potter
will serve as a Board member at all times he serves as the Company's Chief Executive Officer. In accordance with such agreement, on January 17,
2025, the Board approved an increase in the size of the Board by one director to ten directors in aggregate and appointed Mr. Potter
as a Class III member of the Board, effective February 3, 2025, to hold office until the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders
and until a successor has been duly elected and qualified, or until his earlier resignation, retirement or other termination of service. Mr. Potter
is not independent in accordance with Nasdaq rules due to his employment with the Company and will not serve on any of the standing
committees of the Board. As an employee of the Company, Mr. Potter will not receive additional compensation for his service on the
Board. In connection with his service as a director and continuing service as an executive officer, Mr. Potter will be a party to
the Company's customary indemnification agreement for the benefit of all Board directors and executive officers of the Company. There
are no arrangements or understandings between Mr. Potter and any other person pursuant to which he was selected as President and
Chief Executive Officer, and as a director. Mr. Potter has no family relationships with any director or executive officer of the
Company, and there are no transactions in which Mr. Potter has a material interest requiring disclosure under Item 404(a) of
Regulation S-K.

The foregoing summary of the Employment Agreement does
not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Employment Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1
hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

Eric J. Lindberg, Jr.
Cessation of Employment as Interim President and Chief Executive Officer; Continuation of Service as Board Director

In
connection with Mr. Potter's appointment and in accordance with the terms of the Company's previously disclosed Interim President
and Chief Executive Officer Agreement with Eric J. Lindberg, Jr., dated October 29, 2024, Mr. Lindberg will cease employment
with the Company effective February 3, 2025. Mr. Lindberg will continue to serve as a Class III member of the Board
and the Chairman of the Board, and he will be a non-independent, non-employee director in accordance with Nasdaq rules. Mr. Lindberg
will be compensated pursuant to the Company's Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy, as in effect from time to time.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On January 22, 2025, the Company issued a
press release announcing Mr. Potter's appointment as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and as a director of the
Board, each effective February 3, 2025. A copy of the press release is attached to this report as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated
herein by reference.

The information in Item 7.01 of this current report
on Form 8-K (including Exhibit 99.1 furnished herewith) shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section,
nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except
as expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

10.1* Employment Agreement, effective February 3, 2025 by and among Jason Potter, Grocery Outlet Holding Corp. and Grocery Outlet Inc.

99.1 Press release, dated January 22, 2025, entitled "Grocery Outlet Holding Corp. Announces New President and Chief Executive Officer"

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File - the
cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline
XBRL document.

*Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

Signatures

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Grocery Outlet Holding Corp.

Date: January 22, 2025 By: /s/ Luke D. Thompson

Name: Luke D. Thompson

Title: Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm253888d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

GROCERY OUTLET HOLDING
CORP.

GROCERY OUTLET INC.

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This
Employment Agreement (Agreement) is entered into as of January 17, 2025 to become effective on February 3,
2025 (the Effective Date), by and among Jason Potter (Executive), the Company and Parent.

Whereas,
the Company desires to employ Executive to provide personal services to
the Company, and wishes to provide Executive with certain compensation and benefits in return for Executives services;

Whereas,
Executive wishes to continue to be employed by the Company and provide personal services to the Company in return for certain compensation
and benefits; and

Now,
Therefore, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants contained herein, it is hereby agreed by and between the
parties hereto as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

For purposes of the Agreement,
the following terms are defined as follows:

1.125%
Price Target shall be achieved on the first trading day occurring on or prior to the
third anniversary of the grant date upon which the closing sales price of the Common Stock reported on the primary exchange on which
the Common Stock is listed and traded equals or exceeds 125% of the Exercise Price of the Initial Options for the forty-five (45) consecutive
trading days immediately preceding such trading day.

1.250%
Price Target shall be achieved on the first trading day occurring on or prior to the
third anniversary of the grant date upon which the closing sales price of the Common Stock reported on the primary exchange on which
the Common Stock is listed and traded equals or exceeds 150% of the Exercise Price of the Initial Options for the forty-five (45) consecutive
trading days immediately preceding such trading day.

1.3 Board
means the Board of Directors of Parent.

1.4Cause
means: (a)Executives willful and continued breach of this Agreement or failure
to perform his duties to the Company or its successor after a written demand for substantial performance is delivered to him by the Company
or its successor which demand specifically identifies the manner in which the Company or its successor believe that he has not substantially
performed his duties; (b) his conviction of or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to felony criminal conduct; or (c) his
material breach of Article V, Article VI or Article VII of this Agreement that is not cured within 30 days after Executive
is provided written notice of his breach by the Company.

No act
or failure to act by Executive shall be deemed willful if done, or omitted to be done, by Executive in good faith and with
the reasonable belief that Executives action or omission was in the best interest of the Company.

1.5 Company means
Grocery Outlet Inc. together with its successors or assigns.

1.6 Common Stock has
the meaning set forth in the Equity Plan.

1.7Date
of Termination shall mean (i) if the Executives employment is terminated
by his death, the date of his death; (ii) if the Executives employment is terminated due to his Disability, the date determined
pursuant to Section 4.1(a)(ii); or (iii) if the Executives employment is terminated pursuant to Section 4.1(a)(iii)-(vi) either
the date indicated in the Notice of Termination or the date specified by the Company pursuant to Section 4.1(b), whichever is earlier.

1.8Disability
shall mean the Executive is unable to perform the essential functions of his position hereunder
by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment for a total of three (3) months during any twelve (12) month
period, and such impairment can reasonably be expected to result in death or to last for a continuous period of at least twelve months.
Determinations as to Executives Disability shall be made by a physician selected by the Board or its insurers and acceptable to
the Executive or the Executives legal representative, such agreement as to acceptability not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

1.9Equity
Plan means the Parents 2019 Incentive Plan, or any successor plan adopted by Parent
following the Effective Date.

1.10 Exchange Act means the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

1.11 Exercise
Price has the meaning set forth in the Equity Plan.

1.12 GO Group
means Parent, the Company, and their direct
and indirect subsidiaries.

1.13Good
Reason means that any of the following are undertaken without Executives express
written consent:

(a) 
the assignment to Executive of any duties or responsibilities or a change in Executives title, position or status that results
in a material diminution or adverse change of Executives authority, duties or responsibilities;

(b) 
a material reduction by the Company in Executives Annual Base Salary or Target Bonus opportunity as in effect from time to
time; 

(c)the taking of any action by the Company that would materially and adversely affect Executives
participation in, or materially reduce Executives benefits under, the Companys benefit plans (excluding equity benefits),
except to the extent the benefits of all other executives of the Company are similarly reduced;

1

(d) 
a material relocation by the Company of Executives principal office to a location more than forty (40) miles from the location
at which Executive was performing Executives duties immediately prior to such relocation, except for required travel by Executive
on the Companys business; or

(e) 
any material breach by the Company of any provision of this Agreement.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, any of the circumstances described above may not serve as a basis for resignation for Good Reason by the
Executive unless (A) the Executive notifies the Company of any event constituting Good Reason within ninety (90) days following
the initial existence of such circumstance and the Company has failed to cure such circumstance within thirty (30) days following such
notice; and (B) the Executives Separation from Service due to such circumstance occurs within the two (2) year period
following the initial existence of such circumstance.

1.14 Grant Date Fair Market Value
has the meaning set forth in the Equity Plan.

1.15Options has the
meaning set forth in the Equity Plan.

1.16Parent shall mean
Grocery Outlet Holding Corp.

1.17Separation from Service
shall mean a separation from service, as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h), as determined by
the Company as of the Date of Termination in accordance with the terms of Section 409A of the Code and applicable guidance thereunder
(including without limitation Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h) and any successor provision thereto).

1.18Term
of Employment shall mean the period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the
Date of Termination.

ARTICLE II

EMPLOYMENT BY THE COMPANY

2.1 
Position and Duties. Subject to terms set forth herein, the Company agrees to employ Executive in the positions of President and
Chief Executive Officer and Executive hereby accepts such continued employment, effective as of the Effective Date. During the Term of
Employment, Executive shall serve in an executive capacity and shall perform such duties as are customarily associated with the positions
of President and Chief Executive Officer and such other duties as are assigned to Executive by the Board. Executive also agrees to serve
as an officer and/or director of any member of the Company Group, in each case without additional compensation, and, without limiting
the foregoing, will serve as a member of the Board at all times Executive serves as the Companys Chief Executive Officer. During
the Term of Employment, Executive will devote Executives best efforts and substantially all of Executives business time
and attention (except for vacation periods and reasonable periods of illness or other incapacities permitted by the Companys general
employment policies or as otherwise set forth in this Agreement) to the business of the Company.

2

2.2Employment at
Will. Both the Company and Executive shall have the right to terminate Executives employment with the Company at any
time, with or without Cause, and without prior notice. If Executives employment with the Company is terminated, Executive
will be eligible to receive severance benefits to the extent provided in this Agreement.

2.3Employment
Policies. The employment relationship between the parties shall also be governed by the general
employment policies and practices of the Company, including those relating to protection of confidential information and assignment of
inventions, except that when the terms of this Agreement differ from or are in conflict with the Companys general employment policies
or practices, this Agreement shall control.

ARTICLE III

COMPENSATION

During the Term of Employment,
Executive shall be entitled to the following compensation:

3.1Base
Salary. Executive shall receive for services to be rendered hereunder an annual base salary
of $1,025,000, payable on the regular payroll dates of the Company, subject to increase in the sole discretion of the Board (or an authorized
committee thereof) (the Annual Base Salary).

3.2Annual
Bonus. Executive shall be eligible for an annual incentive bonus award determined by the Board
(or an authorized committee thereof) in respect of each fiscal year during the Term of Employment (the Annual Bonus).
The target Annual Bonus for each fiscal year shall be 125% of Annual Base Salary (the Target Bonus), with the actual
Annual Bonus payable being based upon the level of achievement of annual Company and individual performance objectives for such fiscal
year, as determined by the Board (or an authorized committee thereof) and communicated to Executive. Any Annual Bonus payable in respect
of fiscal 2025 shall be prorated for Executives period of employment with the Company during the year. The Annual Bonus shall
otherwise be subject to the terms and conditions of the annual bonus plan adopted by the Board (or an authorized committee thereof) under
which bonuses are generally payable to senior executives of the Company, as in effect from time to time. The Annual Bonus shall be paid
to Executive at the same time as annual bonuses are generally payable to other senior executives of the Company subject to Executives
continuous employment through the applicable payment date.

3.3Standard
Company Benefits. Executive shall be entitled to all rights and benefits for which Executive
is eligible under the terms and conditions of the standard Company benefits and compensation practices that may be in effect from time
to time and are provided by the Company to its executive employees generally.

3.4 Equity Participation.

(a)In
connection with Executives employment hereunder, Executive shall be entitled to participate in the Equity Plan, pursuant to the
terms of the Equity Plan, an award agreement and such other documents Executive is required to execute pursuant to the terms of the Equity
Plan (the Equity Plan, the award agreement, and such other documents collectively, the Equity Documents). Executives
equity participation (both existing and future) shall be exclusively governed by the terms of the Equity Documents.

3

(b)
Without limiting the foregoing, in connection with the
Executives commencement of employment hereunder, Parent shall grant to the Executive the following equity-based awards under the
Equity Plan at the same time as Parent makes fiscal 2025 annual equity awards to its other executive officers:

(i)
The Executive
will be granted Options to purchase 250,000 shares of Common Stock having an Exercise Price equal to the Grant Date Fair Market Value
(the Initial Options). The Initial Options will vest, subject to continued employment hereunder, as to (A)one-third
(1/3rd) of the Initial Options on the three (3) year
anniversary of the grant date, (B) one-third (1/3rd)
of the Initial Options on achievement of the 25% Price Target, and (C) one-third (1/3rd)
of the Initial Options on achievement of the 50% Price Target. Except as provided in Section 4.2(b)(vii) and Section 4.2(c),
vested Initial Options subject to achievement of the 25% Price Target and 50% Price Target will not be exercisable unless Executive is
employed by the Company through the third (3rd)
anniversary of the grant date.

(ii)
The Executive will be granted a number
of Restricted Stock Units (as defined in the Equity Plan) equal to $2 million divided by the Grant Date Fair Market Value (the Initial
RSUs, and with the Initial Options, the Initial Grants). One hundred percent (100%) of the Initial RSUs
will vest, subject to continued employment hereunder, on March 1, 2026.

(iii)
The Initial Grants shall otherwise be
subject to the terms and conditions of the Equity Documents, with the form of Award Agreement (as defined in the Equity Plan) in the
case of the Initial Options reflecting the terms set forth herein and otherwise consistent with the form filed as Exhibit 10.6 to
the Companys 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 30, 2023 (the 2023 10-K), and, in the case of
the Initial RSUs, a form of Award Agreement reflecting the terms set forth herein and otherwise consistent with the form filed as Exhibit 10.10
to the 2023 10-K.

(c)
Commencing with the Parents annual equity
grant cycle for 2025, and for each fiscal year during the Term of Employment thereafter, the Executive shall receive an annual equity
grant under the Equity Plan (the Annual Grant). The Annual Grant shall be in the same form (which may include performance
stock units), be in the same proportion of award type (if multiple award types are grants), and have the same vesting conditions as applicable
to other similarly situated executive officers receiving grants at the same time, as determined by the Board (or designated committee
thereof). With respect to the Annual Grant made in respect of 2025, (i) 50% of such grant will be made in the form of Options, having
a grant date fair value for financial reporting purposes of $2.1 million, an Exercise Price equal to the Grant Date Fair Market Value,
and which will vest, subject to continued employment hereunder, over three years in equal annual installments, and (ii) 50% of such
grant will be made in the form of performance stock units (PSUs), with the number of PSUs equal to $2.1 million
divided by the Grant Date Fair Market Value, and which will vest, subject to continued employment hereunder, and at the end of a 3-year
performance period, subject to satisfaction of applicable performance conditions over such performance period, and with a maximum number
of shares of Common Stock issued on settlement being 2 times the number of PSUs. Annual Grants, including the 2025 Annual Grant will
be subject to the Equity Documents.

4

3.5 
Relocation; Relocation Allowance. As a condition of the Executives employment hereunder, Executive agrees to relocate his
residence to the San Francisco, CA metropolitan area within twelve (12) months of the Effective Date (the Relocation).
In connection with such Relocation, the Company will provide the Executive with a relocation allowance (the Relocation Allowance)
of up to $500,000 (net of applicable local, state and federal taxes, if any), which amount is available to reimburse Executive for expenses
related to relocating the Executives family and household, including substantiated expenses such as moving expenses for household
goods, storage fees, temporary housing, Executives travel to and from the Companys offices prior to completion of the relocation,
realtor fees, financing and mortgage closing costs and other reasonable expenses typically incurred in connection with relocating to
a new geography. For the sake of clarity, the Relocation Allowance (1) shall not cover loss of value on home sale and (2) shall
not be used to cover the actual cost of a new home. In the event the Executives employment hereunder is terminated by the Company
for Cause, or by Executive without Good Reason, in either case, prior to the first anniversary of the Relocation, the Executive agrees
to promptly reimburse the Company, upon written demand, the aggregate amount of the Relocation Allowance (less applicable local, state
and federal taxes paid by you in respect of the Relocation Allowance, if any)that has been provided to the Executive under this Section 3.5.

ARTICLE IV

TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT;
SEVERANCE

4.1Termination.
The Executives employment hereunder may be terminated by the Company or the Executive, as applicable, without any
breach of this Agreement only under the following circumstances:

(a) 
Circumstances.

(i) Death.
The Executives employment hereunder shall terminate upon his death.

(ii)
Disability. If the Executive
incurs a Disability, the Company may give the Executive written notice of its intention to terminate the Executives employment.
In that event, the Executives employment with the Company shall terminate effective on the later of the 30th day after
receipt of such notice by the Executive or the date specified in such notice, provided that within the 30 days after such receipt,
the Executive shall not have returned to full-time performance of his duties.

(iii)
Termination for Cause. The Company may terminate
the Executives employment for Cause.

(iv)
Termination without Cause. The Company may terminate
the Executives employment without Cause.

5

(v)Resignation
for Good Reason. The Executive may resign his employment hereunder for Good Reason.

(vi) Resignation
without Good Reason. The Executive may resign his employment hereunder without Good Reason.

(b)Notice
of Termination. Any termination of the Executives employment by the Company or by the Executive under this Section 4.1
(other than termination pursuant to paragraph (a)(i)) shall be communicated by a written notice to the other party hereto indicating
(i) the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, (ii) only with respect to a termination pursuant to Section 4.1(a)(iii) or
4.1(a)(v), setting forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of the Executives
employment under the provision so indicated, and (iii) specifying a Date of Termination which, (A) if submitted by the Executive,
shall be at least 30 days following the date of such notice, or (B) if submitted by the Company, may, in the case of a termination
pursuant to Section 4.1(a)(iii) or Section 4.1(a)(iv), be the date the Executive receives such notice, or any date thereafter
elected by the Company in its sole discretion or, in the case of a termination pursuant to Section 4.1(a)(ii), the date determined pursuant
to Section 4.1(a)(ii) (each, a Notice of Termination); provided, however, that in the event that
the Executive delivers a Notice of Termination to the Company, the Company may, in its sole discretion, change the Date of Termination
to any date that occurs during the period beginning on the date of Companys receipt of such Notice of Termination and ending on
the date specified in such Notice of Termination. The failure by the Company to set forth in the Notice of Termination any fact or circumstance
which contributes to a showing of Cause shall not waive any right of the Company hereunder or preclude the Company from asserting such
fact or circumstance in enforcing the Companys rights hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a termination pursuant to Section 4.1(a)(iii) shall
be deemed to include a determination following the Executives termination of employment for any reason if the circumstances existing
prior to such termination would have entitled the Company to have terminated the Executives employment pursuant to Section 4.1(a)(iii).

4.2 Company Obligations Upon Termination of Employment.

(a)In
General. Upon a termination of the Executives employment for any reason, the Executive (or the Executives estate) shall
be entitled to receive the sum of the Executives Annual Base Salary through the Date of Termination not theretofore paid; and
any amount arising from the Executives participation in, or benefits under, any employee benefit plans, programs or arrangements
under Section 3.2 (including without limitation, any disability or life insurance benefit plans, programs or arrangements), which
amounts shall be payable in accordance with the terms and conditions of such employee benefit plans, programs or arrangements.

(b)Termination
without Cause or for Good Reason. If the Executives employment shall be terminated by the Company without Cause or by the
Executive for Good Reason (but not by reason of the Executives death, Disability, termination by the Company for Cause or resignation
by the Executive without Good Reason), then, in addition to the payments described in Section 4.2(a), the Company shall:

6

(i)For
a period of 24 months following the Date of Termination, continue to pay to the Executive, the Executives Annual Base Salary as
in effect immediately prior to the Date of Termination in equal installments in accordance with the Companys regular payroll practices
starting on the first regularly scheduled payroll date on or after the 60thday
following the Date of Termination (with the portion of such amounts that would have been payable between the Date of Termination and
such date paid in a lump sum on such date);

(ii) 
Pay to the Executive, an amount equal to two (2) times the Executives Target Bonus
for the year in which the Date of Termination occurs, payable in equal installments in accordance with the Companys regular payroll
practices for a period of 24 months following the Date of Termination, starting on the first regularly scheduled payroll date on or after
the 60th day following the Date of Termination (with the portion of such amounts that would have been payable between the
Date of Termination and such date paid in a lump sum on such date);

(iii) For
the period beginning on the Date of Termination and ending on the earlier of (A) the date which is eighteen (18) full months following
the Date of Termination, or (B) the date on which the Executive accepts employment with another employer that provides comparable
benefits in terms of cost and scope of coverage, the Company shall pay for and provide the Executive and his or her dependents with medical
and dental benefits which are substantially the same as the group health benefits provided to the Executive immediately prior to the
Date of Termination, including, in the Companys discretion, paying the costs associated with continuation coverage pursuant to
COBRA;

(iv) Any
unpaid Annual Bonus in respect of any completed fiscal year that has ended prior to the date of such termination (the Prior
Year Bonus Amount), which amount shall be paid at such time annual bonuses are paid to other senior executives of the Company,
but in no event later than the date that is 2 months following the last day of the fiscal year in which such termination occurred;

(v) Subject
to satisfaction of the applicable performance objectives applicable for the fiscal year in which such termination occurs (and assuming
target satisfaction of any applicable individual performance objectives), an amount equal to the Annual Bonus otherwise payable to Executive
for such fiscal year, assuming Executive had remained employed through the applicable payment date, prorated based on the ratio of the
number of days during such year that the Executive was employed to 365, which amount shall be paid at such time annual bonuses are paid
to other senior executives of the Company, but in no event later than the date that is 2 months following the last day of the
fiscal year in which such termination occurred;

(vi) With
respect to any awards granted under the Equity Plan that are subject to time-based vesting only (Time Vested Equity Awards),
a number of such Time Vested Equity Awards shall vest upon such termination equal to the number of such Time Vested Equity Awards that
would have vested on the next regularly scheduled vesting date but for such termination, prorated based on the ratio of the number of
days elapsed from the regularly scheduled vesting date immediately preceding such termination (or, if none, the applicable vesting commencement
date of the award) to the total number of days from the regularly scheduled vesting date immediately preceding such termination (or,
if none, the applicable vesting commencement date of the award) through the next regularly scheduled vesting date, (such equity treatment,
the Pro Rata Vesting Rights); and

7

(vii) To
the extent such termination occurs prior to the third (3rd)
anniversary of the grant date of the Initial Options, any Initial Options subject to achievement of the 25% Price Target or 50% Price
Target that are vested as of such Date of Termination shall be exercisable following termination for the period of time set forth in
the Equity Documents (the Price Target Exercisability Right).

(c)Termination
upon Death or Disability. If the Executives employment shall be terminated by reason of his death or Disability, then, in
addition to the payments described in Section 4.2(a), as soon as reasonably practicable following the Date of Termination the Company
shall pay to the Executive in a lump sum, (i) the Prior Year Bonus Amount, and (ii) an amount equal to the Executives
Target Bonus for the year in which the Date of Termination occurs, prorated based on the ratio of the number of days during such year
that the Executive was employed to 365, and provide the Executive with the Pro Rata Vesting Rights and the Price Target Exercisability
Right.

(d)Release;
Required Delay in Payment. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Agreement:

(i) No
amount shall be payable pursuant to Section 4.2(b) unless the Executives termination of
employment constitutes a Separation from Service and unless, prior to the 60thday following the Date of Termination (the Release Execution Period) the Executive
executes a waiver and release of claims agreement in the Companys customary form and does not subsequently revoke such waiver
and release of claims agreement (the Release). If Executive fails to execute the Release in such a timely manner
so as to permit any revocation period to expire prior to the end of such sixty (60) day period, or timely revokes Executives acceptance
of such release following its execution, Executive shall not be entitled to any of the severance benefits provided in Section 4.2(b).
No portion of the benefits payable or provided under Section 4.2(b) shall be paid until the Release has become effective and
all such amounts shall commence to be paid on the first regular payroll date of the Company after the Release has become effective; provided,
that, if the Release Execution Period overlaps two calendar years, the first payment shall not be made sooner than the first day of the
second year, and shall include any missed payments.

(ii)If
at the time of the Executives Separation from Service the Executive is determined to be a specified employee for
purposes of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, to the extent delayed commencement of any portion of the termination benefits
to which the Executive is entitled under this Agreement is required in order to avoid a prohibited distribution under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of
the Code, such portion of the Executives termination benefits shall not be provided to the Executive prior to the earlier of (A) the
expiration of the six-month period measured from the date of the Executives Separation from Service or (B) the date of the
Executives death. Upon the earlier of such dates, all payments deferred pursuant to this Section 4.2(d) shall be paid in
a lump sum to the Executive, and any remaining payments due under the Agreement shall be paid as otherwise provided herein. For purposes
of Section 409A of the Code, the Executives right to receive any installment payments pursuant to this Agreement shall be
treated as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments. To the extent that any reimbursement of any expense under Sections
3.3 or 4.2 or in-kind benefits provided under this Agreement are deemed to constitute taxable compensation to the Executive, such amounts
will be reimbursed or provided no later than December 31 of the year following the year in which the expense was incurred. The amount
of any such expenses reimbursed or in-kind benefits provided in one year shall not affect the expenses or in-kind benefits eligible for
reimbursement or payment in any subsequent year, and the Executives right to such reimbursement or payment of any such expenses
will not be subject to liquidation or exchange for any other benefit. The determination of whether the Executive is a specified
employee for purposes of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code as of the time of his Separation from Service shall be made
by the Company in accordance with the terms of Section 409A of the Code and applicable guidance thereunder (including without limitation
Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(i) and any successor provision thereto).

8

4.3 Mitigation.
Executive shall not be required to mitigate damages or the amount of any payment provided under this Agreement by seeking other employment
or otherwise, nor shall the amount of any payment provided for under this Agreement be reduced by any compensation earned by Executive
as a result of employment by another employer or by any retirement benefits received by Executive after the Date of Termination, or otherwise.

ARTICLE V

PROPRIETARY INFORMATION
OBLIGATIONS

5.1Confidentiality.
Executive agrees to execute and abide by the Companys customary form of Confidentiality Agreement (the Confidentiality
Agreement). Without limiting the foregoing, Executive acknowledges that the Company has a legitimate and continuing proprietary
interest in the Companys confidential and proprietary information which the Company has expended great sums to develop and maintain.
Except as required by law, including disclosure required by judicial process, or as otherwise necessary to fulfill his duties to the
Company, the Executive shall not use, exploit, publish or disclose in any manner, and the Executive shall maintain in the strictest confidence,
all confidential or proprietary information concerning the Companys business and operations (including information regarding suppliers,
customers, details of contracts, pricing policies, market information, operational methods or future plans), and shall keep all such
information confidential so long as such information does not become known to third persons other than by reason of an improper disclosure
of such information by the Executive.

5.2Remedies.
Executives duties under the Confidentiality Agreement shall survive termination of Executives employment with the Company
and the termination of this Agreement. Executive acknowledges that a remedy at law for any breach or threatened breach by Executive of
the provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement would be inadequate, and Executive therefore agrees that the Company shall be entitled
to injunctive relief in case of any such breach or threatened breach.

9

ARTICLE VI

OUTSIDE ACTIVITIES

6.1Other
Activities. Except with the prior written consent of the Board, Executive shall not during the
term of this Agreement undertake or engage in any other employment, occupation or business enterprise, other than ones in which Executive
is a passive investor. Executive may engage in civic and not-for-profit activities so long as such activities do not materially interfere
with the performance of Executives duties hereunder.

6.2 Competition/Investments.
During the term of Executives employment by the Company, except on behalf of the GO Group, Executive shall not directly or
indirectly, whether as an officer, director, stockholder, partner, proprietor, associate, representative, consultant, or in any capacity
whatsoever engage in, become financially interested in, be employed by or have any business connection with any other person, corporation,
firm, partnership or other entity whatsoever which were known by Executive to compete directly with the GO Group, throughout the United
States, in any line of business engaged in (or planned to be engaged in) by the GO Group; provided, however, that anything above to the
contrary notwithstanding, Executive may own, as a passive investor, securities of any competitor corporation, so long as Executives
direct holdings in any one such corporation shall not in the aggregate constitute more than 5% of the voting stock of such corporation.

ARTICLE VII

NONINTERFERENCE

While
employed by, or providing services to, the Company, and for twenty four (24) month period immediately following the later of the
Date of Termination or the date Executive otherwise ceases providing services to the Company, Executive agrees not to interfere with
the business of the Company by soliciting or attempting to solicit any employee of the Company to terminate such employees
employment in order to become an employee, consultant or independent contractor to or for any other entity. For the avoidance of
doubt, a bona fide advertisement for employment placed by any party any not specifically targeted at employees of the Company shall
not constitute a violation of this Article VII. Executives duties under this Article 7 shall survive termination of
Executives employment with the Company and the termination of this Agreement.

ARTICLE VIII

GENERAL PROVISIONS

8.1 
Notices. All notices and other communications required or permitted under this Agreement which
are addressed as provided in this Section 8.1, (A) if delivered personally against proper receipt shall be effective upon delivery
and (B) if sent (x) by certified or registered mail with postage prepaid or (y) by Federal Express or similar courier
service with courier fees paid by the sender, shall be effective upon receipt. The parties hereto may from time to time change their
respective addresses for the purpose of notices to that party by a similar notice specifying a new address, but no such change shall
be deemed to have been given unless it is sent and received in accordance with this Section 8.1.

10

If to the Company:

Grocery Outlet Holding Corp.

5650 Hollis Street

Emeryville, CA 94608

Attn: Corporate Secretary

With copy to:

Simpson Thacher & Bartlett, LLP

425 Lexington Avenue

New York, NY 10017

Attn: David E. Rubinsky

If to Executive:

To the most recent address of Executive as listed on the
Company payroll.

8.2Severability.
Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable
law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or
rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provision or any other jurisdiction,
but this Agreement will be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions
had never been contained herein.

8.3Waiver
and Amendments. If either party should waive any breach of any provisions of this Agreement,
they shall not thereby be deemed to have waived any preceding or succeeding breach of the same or any other provision of this Agreement.
Any waiver, alteration, amendment, or modification of any of the terms of this Agreement shall be valid only if made in writing and signed
by each of the parties hereto; provided, however, that any such waiver, alteration, amendment, or modification must be consented to on
the Companys or Parents behalf by the Board. No waiver by either of the parties hereto of their rights hereunder shall
be deemed to constitute a waiver with respect to any subsequent occurrences or transactions hereunder unless such waiver specifically
states that it is to be construed as a continuing waiver.

8.4Complete
Agreement. The terms of this Agreement (together with any other agreements and instruments contemplated
hereby or referred to herein) is intended by the parties to be the final expression of their agreement with respect to the employment
of the Executive by the Company and may not be contradicted by evidence of any prior or contemporaneous agreement. This Agreement shall
supersede all undertakings or agreements, whether written or oral, previously entered into by the Executive and the Company or any predecessor
thereto or affiliate thereof with respect to the employment of the Executive by the Company or with respect to severance payable by the
Company upon termination of employment. The parties further intend that this Agreement shall constitute the complete and exclusive statement
of its terms and that no extrinsic evidence whatsoever may be introduced in any judicial, administrative, or other legal proceeding to
vary the terms of this Agreement. This Agreement is entered into without reliance on any promise or representation other than those expressly
contained herein or therein, and cannot be modified or amended except in a writing signed by an officer of the Company and Executive.

11

8.5Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, any one of which need not contain signatures of more than one party, but all
of which taken together will constitute one and the same Agreement. The execution of this Agreement may be by actual or facsimile signature.

8.6Headings.
The headings of the sections hereof are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute a part hereof nor to affect
the meaning thereof.

8.7Successors
and Assigns. The Company may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any entity,
including any successor to all or substantially all the assets of the Company, by merger or otherwise, and may assign or encumber this
Agreement and its rights hereunder as security for indebtedness of the Company and its affiliates. The Executive may not assign the Executives
rights or obligations under this Agreement to any individual or entity. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit
of the Company, the Executive and their respective successors, assigns, personnel and legal representatives, executors, administrators,
heirs, distributees, devisees, and legatees, as applicable.

8.8Arbitration.
To ensure the timely and economical resolution of disputes that arise in connection with Executives employment with the Company,
Executive and the Company agree that any and all disputes, claims, or causes of action arising from or relating to the enforcement, breach,
performance or interpretation of this Agreement, Executives employment, or the termination of Executives employment, shall
be resolved to the fullest extent permitted by law by final, binding and confidential arbitration, by a single arbitrator, in San Francisco,
California, conducted by Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. (JAMS) under the applicable JAMS
employment rules. By agreeing to this arbitration procedure, both Executive and the Company waive the right to resolve any such dispute
through a trial by jury or judge or administrative proceeding. The arbitrator shall: (a) have the authority to compel adequate
discovery for the resolution of the dispute and to award such relief as would otherwise be permitted by law; and (b) issue a written
arbitration decision, to include the arbitrators essential findings and conclusions and a statement of the award. The arbitrator
shall be authorized to award any or all remedies that Executive or the Company would be entitled to seek in a court of law. The Company
shall pay all JAMS arbitration fees. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to prevent either Executive or the Company from obtaining
injunctive relief in court to prevent irreparable harm pending the conclusion of any such arbitration.

8.9Attorneys
Fees. If either party hereto brings any action to enforce rights hereunder, each party in any
such action shall be responsible for its own attorneys fees and costs incurred in connection with such action.

8.10Withholding.
The Company shall be entitled to withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement any federal, state, local or foreign withholding
or other taxes or charges which the Company is required to withhold. If any such taxes are paid or advanced by the Company on behalf
of Executive, Executive shall remain responsible for, and shall repay, such amounts to the Company, promptly following notice thereof
by the Company. Executive acknowledges and represents that the Company has not provided any tax advice to Executive in connection with
this Agreement and that Executive has been advised by the Company to seek tax advice from Executives own tax advisors regarding
this Agreement and payments that may be made to Executive pursuant to this Agreement, including specifically, the application of the
provisions of Section 409A of the Code to such payments. The Company shall be entitled to rely on an opinion of counsel if any questions
as to the amount or requirement of withholding shall arise.

12

8.11Section 409A.
The parties acknowledge and agree that, to the extent applicable, this Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with, and the parties
agree to use their best efforts to achieve timely compliance with, Section 409A of the Code, and the Department of Treasury Regulations
and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder (Section 409A), including without limitation any such regulations
or other guidance that may be issued after the Effective Date. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, in the
event that the Company determines that any compensation or benefits payable or provided under this Agreement may be subject to Section 409A,
the Company reserves the right to (without any obligation to do so or to indemnify the Executive for failure to do so) adopt such limited
amendments to this Agreement and appropriate policies and procedures, including amendments and policies with retroactive effect, that
the Company reasonably determines are necessary or appropriate to (a) exempt the compensation and benefits payable under this Agreement
from Section 409A and/or preserve the intended tax treatment of the compensation and benefits provided with respect to this Agreement
or (b) comply with the requirements of Section 409A, and thereby avoid the application of penalty taxes thereunder.

8.12Choice
of Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Agreement
will be governed by the law of the State of California without regard to the conflicts of law provisions thereof.

8.13Certain
Payments. In the event that (a) Executive is entitled to receive any payment, benefit or
distribution of any type to or for the benefit of Executive, whether paid or payable, provided or to be provided, or distributed or distributable,
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise (collectively, the Payments), and (b) the net after-tax
amount of such Payments, after Executive has paid all taxes due thereon (including, without limitation, taxes due under Section 4999
of the Code) is less than the net after-tax amount of all such Payments otherwise due to Executive in the aggregate, if such Payments
were reduced to an amount equal to 2.99 times Executives base amount (as defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of
the Code), then the aggregate amount of such Payments payable to Executive shall be reduced to an amount that will equal 2.99 times Executives
base amount. To the extent such aggregate parachute payment (as defined in Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code) amounts
are required to be so reduced, the parachute payment amounts due to Executive (but no non-parachute payment amounts) shall be reduced,
to the extent an amount is not considered nonqualifed deferred compensation under Section 409A, as determined by Executive, and
to the extent considered nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A, in the order that results in the least economic
impact to Executive.

8.14 Payment
or Reimbursement of Legal Expenses for Agreement. The Company shall pay or reimburse Executive for the reasonable and documented
out-of-pocket legal fees and expenses incurred by Executive in connection with the review, preparation, and negotiation of this Agreement,
up to a maximum of $25,000.

[Signature pages follow]

13

In
Witness Whereof, the parties have executed this Agreement on the day and year first above written.

GROCERY OUTLET INC.

By: /s/ Eric J. Lindberg, Jr.

Name: Eric J. Lindberg, Jr.

Title: Interim President and Chief Executive Officer

GROCERY OUTLET HOLDING CORP.

By: /s/ Eric J. Lindberg, Jr.

Name: Eric J. Lindberg, Jr.

Title: Interim President and Chief Executive Officer

Accepted and agreed: 

/s/ JASON POTTER 

JASON POTTER 

14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm253888d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Grocery Outlet
Holding Corp. Announces New President and Chief Executive Officer

Jason Potter
brings more than 30 years of grocery experience to the role, having most recently served as CEO of The Fresh Market

EMERYVILLE, Calif., Jan. 22,
2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) Grocery Outlet Holding Corp. (NASDAQ: GO) (Grocery Outlet or the Company),
today announced the appointment of Jason Potter as the Companys President and Chief Executive Officer, effective February 3,
2025. Mr. Potter will also join the Companys Board of Directors.

Mr. Potter is a seasoned CEO, bringing
more than 30 years of grocery retail experience and a track record of driving earnings growth and shareholder value. He joins Grocery
Outlet from The Fresh Market, a specialty grocery retailer of fresh, gourmet food and prepared meals, where he has served as CEO and
a board member since March 2020. During his tenure, Mr. Potter led the successful transformation of that business, driving
an award-winning customer experience and strong earnings growth. Prior to this, Mr. Potter spent 26 years with Sobeys, Inc.,
a national grocery retailer in Canada, where he oversaw a store base of over 1,500 stores under several banners with more than $12 billion
in revenues. During his tenure with Sobeys, he served in a variety of operational and leadership roles, including Executive Vice President
of Operations, President of Sobeys West, President of Sobeys Atlantic, and President of Multi-Format Operations. A merchant at heart,
Mr. Potter brings a passion and energy to Grocery Outlet as the Company prepares for its next phase of growth.

"I could not be more excited to
join Grocery Outlet, Mr. Potter said. With a clear mission of saving people money and a unique model that combines
national buying power with local independent operators for the ultimate treasure hunt shopping experience, Grocery Outlet is a differentiated
concept with a tremendous growth opportunity. I understand what it takes to lead and scale this business and look forward to working
with the team and our local independent operators to reach Grocery Outlet's full potential.

Mr. Potter will succeed Eric J.
Lindberg, Jr., who has served as Interim President and Chief Executive Officer since October 2024. Mr. Lindberg also serves
as Chairman of the Board and will continue in that capacity after Mr. Potter joins the Company. Mr. Lindberg will work closely
with Mr. Potter over a transition period, including meeting independent operators and key suppliers and integrating him into the
unique culture of the business.

On behalf of the Board, we are
thrilled to have Jason lead Grocery Outlets next chapter of continued growth and success, said Mr. Lindberg. In
addition to his deep experience in growing and scaling successful grocery models, Jasons vision, values and hands-on leadership
style align well with our goals and culture. His passion and drive will prove to be an excellent fit here at Grocery Outlet. I am confident
Jason is going to be a fantastic leader with our team and independent operators, and I welcome him warmly to the Grocery Outlet family.

About Grocery Outlet

Based in Emeryville, California, Grocery
Outlet is a high-growth, extreme value retailer of quality, name-brand consumables and fresh products sold primarily through a network
of independently operated stores. Grocery Outlet and its subsidiaries have more than 520 stores in California, Washington, Oregon, Pennsylvania,
Tennessee, Idaho, Nevada, Maryland, North Carolina, New Jersey, Georgia, Ohio, Alabama, Delaware, Kentucky and Virginia.

Forward-Looking Statements

This news release includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements contained in this release other
than statements of historical fact, including the expected leadership and strategic fit of the Companys newly appointed President
and Chief Executive Officer, may constitute forward-looking statements. Words such as anticipate, believe,
estimate, expect, intend, may, outlook, plan, project,
seek, will, and similar expressions, are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking
statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause actual results to differ materially from those
expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements, including: the availability and supply of opportunistic products and other trending
products at attractive pricing; our ability to grow comparable store sales; risks related to new store growth and remodeled stores; inflation
and other supply pricing impacts; the success of our brand and product marketing; failure to maintain our supply and distribution networks;
risks to cash flows and liquidity; evolving retail competition, including online; catastrophic events and other factors discussed under
"Risk Factors" in the Company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and in other subsequent reports the Company files
with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). The Company's periodic filings are accessible on the
SEC's website at www.sec.gov.

Moreover, the Company operates in a
very competitive and rapidly changing environment, and new risks emerge from time to time. Although the Company believes that the expectations
reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, and our expectations based on third-party information and projections are
from sources that management believes to be reputable, the Company cannot guarantee that future results, levels of activity, performance
or achievements. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this release or as of the date specified herein and the
Company has based these forward-looking statements on current expectations and projections about future events and trends. Except as
required by law, the Company does not undertake any duty to update any of these forward-looking statements after the date of this news
release or to conform these statements to actual results or revised expectations.

INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACTS:

Christine Chen

(510) 877-3192

cchen@cfgo.com

John Rouleau

(203) 682-4810

John.Rouleau@icrinc.com

MEDIA CONTACT:

Layla Kasha

(510) 379-2176

lkasha@cfgo.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>go-20250117.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>go-20250117_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>go-20250117_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tm253888d1_8kimg001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>tm253888d1_ex99-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 17, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 17, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38950

Entity Registrant Name Grocery Outlet Holding Corp.

Entity Central Index Key 0001771515

Entity Tax Identification Number 47-1874201

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 5650 Hollis Street

Entity Address, City or Town Emeryville

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 94608

City Area Code 510

Local Phone Number 845-1999

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol GO

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://groceryoutlet.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

go-20250117.xsd 
go-20250117_lab.xml 
go-20250117_pre.xml 
tm253888d1_8k.htm 

tm253888d1_8kimg001.jpg 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-005036-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>tm253888d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001771515 

2025-01-17 
2025-01-17 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001771515 
8-K 
2025-01-17 
Grocery Outlet Holding Corp. 
DE 
001-38950 
47-1874201 
5650 Hollis Street 
Emeryville 
CA 
94608 
510 
845-1999 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.001 per share 
GO 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>