<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001140361-25-002534.txt : 20250131
<SEC-HEADER>0001140361-25-002534.hdr.sgml : 20250131
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250131072513
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-25-002534
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250128
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250131
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250131

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Vestis Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001967649
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-MISCELLANEOUS NONDURABLE GOODS [5190]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				922573927
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0927

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41783
		FILM NUMBER:		25575920

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1035 ALPHARETTA STREET, SUITE 2100
		CITY:			ROSWELL
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30075
		BUSINESS PHONE:		470-226-3655

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1035 ALPHARETTA STREET, SUITE 2100
		CITY:			ROSWELL
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30075

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Epic NewCo, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20230228
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ef20042546_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000196764900019676492025-01-282025-01-28

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

January 28, 2025

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

Vestis Corporation

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Delaware

001-41783

92-2573927

(State or other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer Identification No.)

500 Colonial Center Parkway,
Suite 140, 

Roswell, Georgia 

30076

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Zip Code)

(470) 226-3655

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of Each Exchange on which Registered

Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share

VSTS

New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this
chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not
to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02. 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On January 28, 2025, Timothy Donovan, Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and
General Counsel, notified Vestis Corporation (the Company) of his retirement to be effective February 14, 2025.

On January 29, 2025, it was determined that Rick Dillon, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will leave the Company, effective February
14, 2025. There is no disagreement between Mr. Dillon and the Company regarding the Companys operations, policies or practices.

On January 29, 2025, the Company appointed Kelly C. Janzen as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, effective February 14, 2025. Ms. Janzen, age 52, has been working with the Company as a finance consultant since October 2024. She was Finance Executive in Residence at the Fernweh Group from January to May 2024
working as Chief Financial Officer for Dabico Airport Solutions. Prior to that, she served as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer of BlueLinx Corporation (NYSE: BXC) from April 2020 to August 2023 and also served as
BlueLinxs Principal Accounting Officer from April 2020 to March 2022. Previously, Ms. Janzen served as Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer of WestRock Company (NYSE: WRK) from August 2017 to April 2020, Vice-President, Controller
and Chief Accounting Officer of Baker Hughes (NYSE: BKR) from September 2016 to July 2017 and Vice President of Finance and Chief Accounting Officer of McDermott International Ltd. (Previously Nasdaq: MDR) from December 2014 to August 2016. Ms.
Janzen earned her Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from Louisiana State University.

Vestis and Ms. Janzen entered into an Employment Agreement, dated January 29, 2025 (the Employment Agreement), governing the terms of her service as
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Pursuant to the Employment Agreement, Ms. Janzens initial annual base salary will be $610,000 and her target annual bonus opportunity will be 75% of her base salary. Ms. Janzen will also be
entitled to receive an annual equity or equity-based award under the long-term incentive plan with a target grant date value of $1,000,000, subject to approval by the companys Human Resources and Compensation Committee.

The actual annual bonuses payable for any year shall be determined and paid based on the terms of the Companys Management Incentive Plan, including
based on satisfaction of applicable performance targets and goals as apply thereunder for the applicable year. Ms. Janzen is eligible for a monthly car allowance in the amount of $1,100, reimbursement for financial planning services and
participation in the Companys matching gifts program and is eligible to participate in standard employee benefits and the Companys Executive Benefits and Perquisites Program.

Under the Employment Agreement, upon Ms. Janzens termination due to death or disability (as defined in the Employment Agreement), she is entitled to
any accrued amounts and a pro-rated portion of the annual bonus that she would have received for the year of termination had the termination date not occurred, taking into account satisfaction of any applicable performance conditions (the
Pro-Rated Annual Bonus). Under the Employment Agreement, upon a termination by the Company for any reason other than Cause or by her for Good Reason (as such terms are defined in the Employment Agreement), other than under circumstances
constituting a Qualifying Termination (as discussed below), and subject to her execution of a release, Ms. Janzen would be entitled to:

Base salary plus target bonus for 12 months, payable in regular installments over 12 months;

A lump sum payment equal to her Pro-Rated Annual Bonus, payable at the same time that annual bonuses are otherwise paid to executives who have not terminated employment;

A payment equal to the cost of COBRA premiums for medical, dental and vision for 12 months, payable in regular installments

Continued car allowance for 12 months; and

Outplacement services for up to 12 months following termination.

Under the Employment Agreement, upon a Qualifying Termination, meaning (a) a termination within two years after a Change of Control by the Company
or its successor without Cause or by Ms. Janzen for Good Reason or (b) within 6 months prior to the Change of Control at the request of a third party involved in a Change of Control or otherwise in connection with or in anticipation of a Change
of Control (which termination is referred to as an Anticipatory Change of Control Termination), and, in any case, subject to her execution of a release, Ms. Janzen would be entitled to:

Base salary plus target bonus for 18 months, generally payable in a lump sum;

Base salary plus target bonus for 18 months, generally payable in a lump sum;

A lump sum payment equal to her pro-rata target annual bonus for the year in which the termination occurs;

A lump sum payment equal to the cost of COBRA premiums for medical, dental and vision for 18 months;

A lump sum payment equal to her car allowance for 18 months; and

Outplacement services for up to 18 months following termination.

In the event of a Qualifying Termination, Ms. Janzens equity awards will be treated in accordance with the terms of the applicable plans and
agreements. In the event of an Anticipatory Change in Control Termination, however, her equity and equity-based awards will remain outstanding until the earliest of the date that is 6 months after the termination, the date a Change of Control
occurs or the expiration date of the award. She is not entitled to duplicate benefits for both a termination prior to a Change of Control and a Qualifying Termination.

Finally, the Employment Agreement requires Ms. Janzen to enter into a restrictive covenant agreement that provides for perpetual non-disclosure and
non-disparagement covenants and 12-month post-employment noncompetition, non-solicitation and non-hire covenants.

The foregoing is a summary of the material terms of the Employment Agreement. The summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the Employment Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. 

Description

10.1 

Employment Agreement, dated January 29, 2025, between Kelly Janzen and Vestis Corporation

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Vestis Corporation

Date: 

January 31, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Timothy R. Donovan

Name: 

Timothy R. Donovan

Title: 

Executive Vice President and General Counsel
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ef20042546_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the Agreement) is made on the 29th day of January
2025 by and between Vestis Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Kelly C. Janzen (Executive). The Company and Executive are sometimes referred to individually as a Party and collectively, the Parties.

W I T N E S SE T H

WHEREAS, the Company desires to employ Executive and Executive desires to be employed by the Company, all on the terms and
conditions set forth herein.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth below, it is hereby covenanted and agreed by the
Company and Executive as follows, all effective as of the Effective Date:

1.Term. The Term of the Agreement shall be the period commencing on the date that Executives
employment with the Company commences (as mutually agreed between the Parties but in no event later than February 14, 2025, the Effective Date) and ending on Executives
Termination Date (as defined in Section 4). This Agreement shall become effective only if Executive commences employment with the Company on the Effective Date and if the Effective Date does not occur by February 14, 2025, this Agreement will
automatically terminate and be of no further force and effect without the action of any person.

2.Position, Duties and Authorities.

a.Location. Executives principal place of employment shall be the Atlanta, Georgia metropolitan area, subject to required travel on business consistent with Executives
position.

b.Duties and Authorities. During the Term, Executive shall serve as the Companys Executive Vice President Finance and, from and after the
departure of Ricky T. Dillon, will also serve as the Companys Chief Financial Officer, and shall be responsible for performing all duties and responsibilities of these positions and any other duties commensurate with such position that may be
assigned to Executive by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Executive will have such authority and power as are inherent to the undertakings applicable to Executives positions and necessary to carry out the responsibilities and the
duties required of Executive hereunder. Executive shall perform Executives duties faithfully and to the best of Executives ability and shall devote Executives full attention,
skill and efforts to the performance of the duties required by the Company and shall use Executives best skill and abilities to promote the interest of the Company and its affiliates (collectively, the Company Group).

c.Other Activities. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 2, during the Term, Executive may devote reasonable time to activities other than those required
under this Agreement, including the supervision of Executives personal investments and activities involving professional, charitable, educational, religious and similar types of organizations, speaking engagements, and similar type activities,
but only to the extent that such other activities do not, in the judgment of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board), inhibit or prohibit the performance of
Executives duties under this Agreement, conflict in any material way with the business of any member of the Company Group or violate the provisions of the Restricted Covenant Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A(the Restrictive Covenant Agreement); provided, however, that Executive shall not serve on the board of any business,
or hold any other position with any business, without the consent of the Board, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld. The Board has consented to Executives service on the boards of directors (or similar governing bodies) of the
entities set forth in Exhibit B.

d.Board Service. To the extent requested by the Board, during Executives employment, Executive shall serve on the boards of directors of any member of the Company Group
without additional compensation therefor. Executive shall resign as a member the boards of directors of any members of the Company Group at such time as Executive ceases to hold the position of Executive Vice President & Chief Financial
Officer (or otherwise ceases to be employed by the Company Group) or as directed by the Board.

e.Clawback.Executive (and any compensation payable to Executive) shall be subject to the terms of
the Companys clawback and recoupment policies in effect from time to time.

f.Restrictive Covenants. As a condition of this Agreement, Executive and the Company have entered into the Restrictive Covenant Agreement.

3.Compensation and Benefits. In consideration of Executives performance of duties hereunder and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Executive will be
provided with the following compensation and benefits during the Term.

a.Base Salary. Executive shall receive an annual base salary in the amount of six hundred ten thousand dollars ($610,000) (Base Salary) payable in accordance with the normal payroll practices of the Company (but no less frequently than monthly). The Board may review Executives Base Salary in its discretion from time to time;
provided, however, that the rate of Base Salary may not be reduced and any increase in the rate of Base Salary shall be in the sole and absolute discretion of the Board.

b.Annual Bonus. For each fiscal year beginning with fiscal year 2025, Executive shall be eligible to participate in the Companys Management Incentive Bonus
Plan (the Bonus Plan) with a target bonus opportunity (Target Bonus) of no less than seventy-five
(75%) of Executives Base Salary. Executives bonus under the Bonus Plan for any year (the Annual Bonus) shall be determined and paid in accordance with the terms of the
Bonus Plan, including based on satisfaction of applicable performance targets and goals as apply thereunder for the applicable year.

2

c.Annual LTI Equity or Equity-Based Awards. For each fiscal year beginning with fiscal year 2025, Executive shall be entitled to receive long-term incentive (LTI) equity or
equity-based awards under the Vestis Corporation Long-Term Incentive Plan or a successor thereto (the Long-Term Incentive Plan) with a target grant date value of one
million dollars ($1,000,000), subject in each case to approval of such awards by the Compensation and Human Resources Committee of the Board (the Committee). The form,
mix, timing and terms of any such awards will be determined in the sole discretion of the Committee; provided that any annual LTI equity awards to Executive shall be made at the same time as annual LTI equity awards are made to similarly situated
executives of the Company.

d.Benefits. Executive shall be eligible to participate in employee benefit plans, programs, policies and arrangements that are provided or made
available from time to time for similarly situated executives of the Company, to the same extent and on the same terms and conditions as other similarly situated executives. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Executive shall be
entitled to participate in the Companys Executive Benefits and Perquisites Program, and shall be entitled to reimbursement of financial planning services and participation in the Companys matching gifts program to the same extent as other
similarly situated executives. Notwithstanding the foregoing or the terms of any employee benefit plan, program, policy or arrangement of the Company or any other member of the
Company Group, this Agreement sets forth Executives sole right to termination or separation payments and benefits and Executive shall not be entitled to any severance or termination payments under any benefit plan of any member of the Company
Group unless required by law.

e.Car Allowance.Executive shall be entitled to a monthly car allowance in the gross
amount of eleven hundred dollars ($1,100) per month payable in accordance with the normal payroll practices of the Company (but no less frequently than monthly).

f.Reimbursement for Expenses. Executive shall be reimbursed for ordinary and reasonable expenses incurred by Executive in the performance of Executives duties pursuant to
the terms of this Agreement under the normal reimbursement and documentation policies applicable to similarly situated executives of the Company from time to time, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

4.Termination/Rights and Payments Upon Termination.Executives right to payments, if any, for
periods after the date that Executives employment with the Company and all other members of the Company Group terminates for any reason (the Termination Date) shall be
determined in accordance with this Section 4, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Except as specifically provided in this Section 4, neither the Company nor any other member of the Company Group shall have any obligation to
make payments of any amounts or provide any benefits to Executive for periods after Executives Termination Date.

a.Termination for any Reason.If Executives Termination Date occurs at any time and for any reason
(whether by the Company Group or Executive), then, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Executive shall be entitled to the following payments and benefits (collectively, the Accrued Amounts):

i.the

amount, if any, of Executives earned but unpaid Base Salary ending on Executives Termination Date;

3

ii.any
earned but unused vacation due to Executive as of the Termination Date pursuant to the Companys vacation pay program;

iii.Executives

Annual Bonus for any calendar year completed prior to Executives Termination Date which has not been paid prior to the Termination Date; provided, however, that if Executives Termination Date occurs as a result of termination by the Company
Group for Cause payment of the Annual Bonus for the calendar year completed prior to the year in which the Termination Date occurs shall be included in the Accrued Amounts only to the extent provided by applicable law; and

iv.any
other amounts required by local law or the express terms of any employee benefit plan to be paid or provided to Executive.

Executives rights under any equity or equity-based awards outstanding as of the Termination Date shall be governed by the terms of the Companys
long-term incentive plan under which such awards were granted and any award agreements applicable to such awards and to the extent that Executive has any rights with respect to such awards, such rights shall be considered Accrued Amounts for purposes
of this Agreement. The Accrued Amounts shall be payable to Executive in a lump sum within thirty (30) days after Executives Termination Date or such earlier date required by applicable law and any payments or benefits to be provided to Executive
under an employee benefit plan (including equity awards) shall be paid or provided in accordance with the terms of the applicable plan.

b.Termination by the Company Group for Cause or by Executive Other Than for Good Reason.If
Executives Termination Date occurs at any time on account of termination by the Company Group for Cause or by Executive other than for Good Reason (as defined in Section 4(g) below), then, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
Executive shall be entitled to the Accrued Amounts and no other payments or benefits under this Agreement.

c.Termination Due to Death or Disability. If Executives Termination Date occurs on account of death or Disability, then, subject to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, Executive shall be entitled to the following payments and benefits:

i.the

Accrued Amounts; and

ii.a
pro-rata Annual Bonus for the year in which the Termination Date occurs determined as the product of (A) the Annual Bonus that would otherwise have been paid to Executive for the calendar year in which the Termination Date occurs had the
Termination Date not occurred (determined without regard to any reduction therein resulting solely from a reduction in the Target Bonus which constitutes Good Reason), multiplied by (B) a fraction, the numerator of which is the total number of
days Executive is employed by the Company Group in the calendar year in which the Termination Date occurs and through the Termination Date, and the denominator of which is 365 (the Pro-Rata

Annual Bonus), payable to Executive in a lump sum at the same time as Annual Bonuses for the year to which the Pro-Rata Annual Bonus relates are payable to similarly situated executives of the Company whose Termination Date has not
occurred.

4

Any Pro-Rata Annual Bonus that is payable pursuant to this Section 4(c) or Sections 4(d)-(e) hereof shall not be in addition to any bonus that may
otherwise be payable to Executive under the terms of the Bonus Plan and that would be included in the Accrued Amounts for the year in which the Termination Date occurs.

d.Termination by the Company Group Other Than for Cause or by Executive for Good Reason. If Executives Termination Date occurs on account of termination by the Company
Group other than for Cause or by Executive for Good Reason, then, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Executive shall be entitled to the following payments and benefits:

i.the

Accrued Amounts;

ii.an
amount (such amount, the Severance Payment) equal to the sum of Executives Base Salary and Target Bonus as in effect immediately prior to the Termination Date (without
regard to any reduction therein which constitutes Good Reason), which Severance Payment shall be payable in accordance with the normal payroll practices of the Company ratably over the Severance Period (as defined in Section 4(g) below),
beginning on the sixty (60)-day anniversary of the Termination Date (the Payment Commencement Date);

iii.a
Pro-Rata Annual Bonus, payable to Executive in a lump sum at the same time as annual bonuses for the year to which the Pro-Rata Annual Bonus relates are payable to similarly situated executives of the Company whose Termination Date has not
occurred;

iv.a payment equal to the amount of the applicable premium that would be required for Executive to continue group medical, dental and vision benefits pursuant to Section 4980B of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
Code), for the Severance Period for the type and level of coverage in effect with respect to Executive as of the Termination Date (the Benefit Payment), which Benefit Payment shall be paid ratably over the Severance Period on the normal payroll dates of the Company
beginning on the Payment Commencement Date;

v.if Executive is receiving a car allowance on the Termination Date, continuing payments of the car allowance over the Severance Period, beginning on the Payment Commencement Date; and

vi.for
the period beginning on the Termination Date and ending on the earlier of (A) the last day of the Severance Period or (B) the date on which Executive obtains employment with a new employer, reimbursement for outplacement services by a recognized
outplacement services firm selected by Executive in an amount not to exceed ten percent (10%) of Executives Base Salary, which reimbursements will be made beginning on the Payment Commencement Date.

5

All payments and benefit pursuant to this Section 4(d) (other than the Accrued Amounts) shall be subject to the effectiveness of the Release (as
defined in Section 4(f) below). Executive shall not be entitled to payments and benefits under this Section 4(d) if Executive is also entitled to payments and benefits under Section 4(e) (except as described in Section 4(e) in the event of an
Anticipatory Change of Control Termination (as defined in Section 4(g) below). For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that Executives Termination Date occurs pursuant to this Section 4(d), any equity or equity-based award that is outstanding on
the Termination Date (collectively, the Outstanding Unvested Awards) shall remain outstanding for purposes of the Long-Term Incentive Plan and any applicable award agreements
evidencing such awards until the earliest of (1) the date of a Change of Control, (2) the date that is six (6) months following the Termination Date, or (3) in the case of any individual Outstanding Unvested Award, the expiration date of such equity
or equity-based award and, in the event that it is determined that the Termination Date occurred under circumstances that constitute an Anticipatory Change of Control Termination, the provisions of Section 4(e) shall apply with respect to such
Outstanding Unvested Awards.

e.Termination in a Qualifying Termination.If Executives Termination Date occurs on
account of a Qualifying Termination (as defined in Section 4(g) below), then, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Executive shall be entitled to the following payments and benefits:

i.the

Accrued Amounts;

ii.an
amount equal to one and one half (1.5) times the sum of Executives Base Salary and Target Bonus as in effect immediately prior to the Termination Date (without regard to any reduction therein which constitutes Good Reason), payable in in a lump
sum on the Payment Commencement Date;

iii.a
pro-rata Annual Bonus for the year in which the Termination Date occurs determined as the product of (A) Executives Target Bonus for the calendar year in which the Termination Date occurs (or if such Target Bonus has not been established as of
the Termination Date, the Target Bonus for the immediately preceding calendar year, in either case determined without regard to any reduction in the Target Bonus which constitutes Good Reason), multiplied by (B) a fraction, the numerator of which
is the total number of days Executive is employed by the Company Group in the calendar year in which the Termination Date occurs and through the Termination Date, and the denominator of which is 365, which amount shall be paid to Executive on the
Payment Commencement Date;

iv.a Benefit Payment calculated for the Severance Period, payable in a lump sum on the Payment Commencement Date;

6

v.if
Executive is receiving a car allowance on the Termination Date, a lump sum cash payment equal to the amount of the car allowance that would have been paid to Executive for the Severance Period, payable in a lump sum on the Payment Commencement
Date; and

vi.for
the period beginning on the Termination Date and ending on the earlier of (A) the last day of the Severance Period or (B) the date on which Executive obtains employment with a new employer, reimbursement for outplacement services by a recognized
outplacement services firm selected by Executive in an amount not to exceed ten percent (10%) of Executives Base Salary, which reimbursements will be made beginning on the Payment Commencement Date.

Executives rights under any equity or equity-based awards outstanding as of the date of the date of the Qualifying Termination (including, in the
case of an Anticipatory Change of Control Termination, any Outstanding Unvested Awards) shall be governed by the terms of the Companys long-term incentive plan under which such awards were granted and any award agreements applicable to such awards.
To the extent that Executive has any rights with respect to such awards, such rights shall be considered Accrued Amounts for purposes of this Agreement. In the case of an Anticipatory Change of Control Termination, the payments and benefits to which
Executive is entitled pursuant to this Section 4(e) (other than the Accrued Amounts) shall be reduced by the payments and benefits, if any, provided to Executive under the provisions of Section 4(d) on account of the same termination, which reduction
shall be made in accordance with the requirements of Section 409A (as defined in Section 15) such that there will be no impermissible substitution of deferred compensation in violation of Section 409A. All payments and benefits pursuant to this
Section 4(e) (other than the Accrued Amounts) shall be subject to the effectiveness of the Release. In the event that a Change of Control does not constitute a change in control event for purposes of Section 409A and if any of the payments and
benefits to be paid or provided pursuant to this Section 4(e) are subject to Section 409A, any such payments that are subject to Section 409A shall be payable in accordance with the payment timing provisions of Section 4(d). In the event that
Executives Termination Date occurs on account of a Qualifying Termination by reason of an Anticipatory Change of Control Termination, the Termination Date for purposes of this Section 4(e) shall be the date of the Change of Control.

f.Release. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, Executive shall not be entitled to any (and shall forfeit all) payments and benefits
under this Section 4, other than the Accrued Amounts and other than amounts payable pursuant to Section 4(c), unless, as of the Payment Commencement Date, Executive has executed and not revoked a release in a form reasonably acceptable to the
Company (the Release) and such Release has become effective as of the Payment Commencement Date. In no event shall the Release include any claims by Executive to enforce
Executives rights under or with respect to (i) this Agreement, (ii) the Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws of the Company, (iii) any indemnification agreement between Executive and the Company, or (iv) any benefit plan pursuant to its
terms.

7

g.Definitions.

i.Cause means any of the following with respect to Executive: (A) conviction or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a felony (or any similar crime for
purposes of laws outside the United States); (B) intentional fraud or dishonesty with respect to the Company or any member of the Company Group that causes material and demonstrable harm to the Company or any member of the Company Group; (C)
willful and continuous failure to perform lawfully assigned duties that are consistent with Executives position with the Company Group; (D) willful violation of the Companys Business Conduct Policy that causes material harm to the Company, any
other member of the Company Group or their business reputations; (E) intentionally working against the best interests of the Company or any other member of the Company Group; or (F) a material breach by Executive of this Agreement or the
Restrictive Covenant Agreement. Conduct described in clauses (B)-(F) that is capable of being cured shall be considered Cause only if such conduct continues beyond ten (10) business days after receipt by Executive from the Company of a written
demand to cure such conduct.

ii.Change of Control has the meaning specified in the Long-Term Incentive Plan.

iii.Disability means a permanent disability as defined in the Companys long-term disability plan as in effect from time to time, or if there shall be no plan, the inability of
Executive to perform in all material respects Executives duties and responsibilities to the Company or any other member of the Company Group for a period of six (6) consecutive months or for an aggregate of nine (9) months in any twenty-four
(24) consecutive month period by reason of a physical or mental incapacity.

iv.Good Reason means any of the following that occur without Executives express prior written approval, other than due to Executives Disability or death: (A) a material
decrease in Executives Base Salary or Target Bonus; (B) a material diminution in Executives title or reporting relationship or a material diminution in Executives duties or responsibilities (other than solely as a result of a Change of Control
in which the Company immediately thereafter is no longer publicly traded); (C) a material relocation of Executives principal work location from that set forth in Section 2(a); or (D) a material breach by the Company of this Agreement. 
Executives Termination Date shall be considered to be on account of Good Reason only if (I) within thirty (30) days after Executive knows or has reason to know that an event or circumstance constituting Good Reason has occurred, Executive
provides written notice to the Company specifying in reasonable detail the event or circumstance claimed to constitute Good Reason (the Good Reason Notice), (II) if
curable, the event or circumstance has not been cured within thirty (30) days of the Companys receipt of the Good Reason Notice, and (III) Executive terminates employment within ninety (90) days after the date on which Executive provided the
Good Reason Notice to the Company.

8

v.Qualifying Termination means Executives Termination Date that occurs (A) within six (6) months prior to a Change of Control due to termination by the Company Group (I) at the
request of a party (other than the Company or other member of the Company Group) involved in the Change of Control or (II) otherwise in connection with or in anticipation of a Change of Control that subsequently occurs (either such termination
being referred to as an Anticipatory Change of Control Termination), or (B) due to a termination by the Company (or its successor) without Cause or by Executive for Good
Reason in either case within twenty-four (24) months following a Change of Control. In the case of an Anticipatory Change of Control Termination, Executives Termination Date will be deemed to have occurred on the date of the Change of Control;
provided, however, that calculation of any payments and benefits provided pursuant to Section 4(e) (such as Base Salary and Target Bonus) shall be determined as of Executives actual Termination Date.

vi.Severance Period means (A) for purposes of Section 4(d), a period of twelve (12) months and (B) for purposes of Section 4(e), a period of eighteen (18) months.

h.Breach of Restrictive Covenant Agreement. If Executive materially breaches any provision of the Restrictive Covenant Agreement and if such breach is not cured to the
reasonable satisfaction of the Company within ten (10) business days after receipt by Executive from the Company of a written demand to cure such breach, the Company may terminate payment of all severance and other post-employment payments to
Executive (other than Accrued Amounts) under this Agreement and may cease to provide any post-termination benefits otherwise being provided (or to be provided) to Executive pursuant to this Agreement.

5.Duties on Termination, Cooperation and Return of Company Group Property and Materials.

a.Cooperation. Following Executives Termination Date, Executive agrees that, at the Companys request, Executive shall reasonably cooperate and assist the Company and
Company Group in any investigation which may be performed by the Company, Company Group or any governmental agency and in any litigation, arbitration or other proceeding in which the Company or Company Group may become involved. Such assistance
shall include, but not be limited to, Executive making himself or herself reasonably available for interviews by the Company or its counsel, depositions and/or court appearances at the Companys request. The Company shall attempt to schedule such
assistance at mutually convenient times and places, taking into account any employment constraints that Executive may have. The Company shall reimburse Executive for reasonable expenses, such as travel, lodging, meal expenses, and reasonable
attorneys fees, incurred by Executive at the Companys request, consistent with the Companys generally applicable policies for employee expenses and per-diem payment consistent with Executives rate of Base Salary as in effect upon Executives
Termination Date. To the maximum extent permitted by law, Executive will notify the Company if Executive is contacted by any governmental agency, or by any person contemplating or maintaining any claim, investigation or legal action relating to
the Company or any other member of the Company Group, or by any agent or attorney of such person, within three (3) business days of such contact.

9

b.Return of Property. Upon the request of the Company, and in any event, upon the termination of Executives employment, Executive shall return to the Company, and leave at
the disposal of the Company, all property of the Company and any other member of the Company Group, including but not limited to computers and cellular phones, and all memoranda, notes, records, and other documents pertaining to the business of
the Company Group (including all copies and electronic versions of such materials).

6.Indemnification. The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless Executive to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by law with respect to any claim, liability, action,
or proceeding instituted or threatened against or incurred by Executive or Executives legal representatives and arising in connection with Executives conduct or position at any time as a director, officer, employee, or agent of the Company or
any other member of the Company Group and shall maintain directors and officers liability insurance that provides Executive with protections, both during the Term and after the Termination Date, that are commercially reasonable (and, with respect
to directors and officers liability coverage, provides for tail coverage for at least six (6) years after the Termination Date). In the event that the Company or any of its insurers (collectively, the Indemnitee-Related Entities) shall make any payment to Executive in respect of indemnification or advancement of expenses with respect to any jointly indemnifiable claim, the Indemnitee-Related Entity making
such payment shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Executive against the Company and Executive shall execute all papers reasonably required and shall do all things that may be reasonably necessary
to secure such rights, including the execution of such documents as may be necessary to enable the Indemnitee-Related Entities effectively to bring suit to enforce such rights.

7.Tax Withholding. The Company shall have the right to withhold from any amounts payable hereunder any amounts necessary in order for the Company to satisfy any required
withholding or other tax obligations it may have under applicable law.

10

8.Parachute Taxes.

a.In

the event it shall be determined that any payment, benefit or distribution (or combination thereof) by any member of the Company Group or one or more trusts established by the Company for the benefit of its employees, to or for the benefit of
Executive (whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise) (a Payment) is subject to the excise tax imposed
by Section 4999 of the Code or any interest or penalties are incurred by Executive with respect to such excise tax (such excise tax, together with any such interest and penalties, hereinafter collectively referred to as the Excise Tax), if the net after-tax amount of such Payments, after Executive has paid all taxes due thereon (including, without limitation, taxes due under Section 4999 of the
Code) is less than the net after-tax amount of all such Payments and benefits otherwise due to Executive in the aggregate, if such aggregate Payments were reduced to an amount equal to 2.99 times Executives base amount (as defined in Section
280G(b)(3) of the Code), then the aggregate amount of the payments and benefits shall be reduced to an amount that will equal 2.99 times Executives base amount. To the extent such aggregate parachute payment amounts are required to be so
reduced, the parachute payment amounts due to Executive (but no non-parachute payment amounts) shall be reduced in the following order: (i) payments and benefits due under Section 4(e) of this Agreement shall be reduced (if necessary, to zero)
with amounts that are payable last reduced first; (ii) payments and benefits due in respect of any equity fully valued (without regard to any discounts for present value) for purposes of the calculation to be made under Section 280G of the Code
for purposes of this Section 8 (the 280G Calculation) in reverse order of when payable; and (iii) payments and benefits due in respect of any options or stock appreciation
rights with regard to the Companys equity securities valued under the 280G Calculation based on time of vesting shall be reduced in an order that is most beneficial to Executive. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Payments that are not subject
to Section 409A shall be reduced before any payments that are subject to Section 409A and any payments that are subject to Section 409A shall be reduced in reverse order of when payable. The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to
mitigate the effects of Section 280G of the Code to any Payment.

b.All
determinations required to be made under this Section 8, including whether and when a reduction is to be made, and the assumptions to be utilized in arriving at such determination, shall be made by such nationally recognized certified public
accounting firm as may be designated by the Company which shall provide detailed supporting calculations both to the Company and Executive within such time periods established at the time that Payments are made or are likely to be made.

9.Survival. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the obligations of the Parties hereunder shall survive any termination of employment hereunder,
whether initiated by Company Group or Executive, for Cause or without Cause, voluntarily or involuntarily.

10.Notices.All notices, requests, and other communications provided for by this Agreement shall be in
writing and shall be sufficiently given if and when mailed by registered or certified mail, personally delivered, sent via e-mail with delivery receipt requested, or sent by overnight courier by a nationally recognized carrier in any case to the
party entitled thereto at the address stated below or to such changed address as the addressee may have given by a similar notice:

If to the Company:

Vestis Corporation

1035 Alpharetta Street, Suite 2100

Roswell, GA 30075

Attention: General Counsel

If to Executive:

* * *

* * *

11

11.Entire Agreement, Modification, and Waiver.This Agreement contains the entire agreement and
understanding by and between the Company and Executive with respect to the employment of Executive, and no representations, promises, agreements, or understandings, written or oral, not contained herein shall be of any force or effect. No change
or modification of this Agreement shall be valid or binding unless it is in writing and signed by the Party intended to be bound. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be valid unless it is in writing and signed by the Party against
whom the waiver is sought to be enforced. No valid waiver of any provision of this Agreement at any time shall be deemed a waiver of any other provisions of this Agreement at such time or at any other time. For the avoidance of doubt, this
Agreement sets forth the entire understanding of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any and all other agreements or understandings between or among the Parties regarding your employment, including the offer
letter and summary materials provided in connection with your offer letter (collectively, the Offer Letter), and from and after the Effective Date all such other agreements or understandings, including the Offer Letter, shall be of no further
force and effect.

12.Severability. The provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of any one or more of the provisions of this Agreement
shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the other provisions.

13.Assignment; Nonalienation. This Agreement and any rights hereunder are personal to Executive and cannot be assigned or otherwise transferred by Executive. This Agreement
may be assigned by the Company to any successor to its business. The interests of Executive under this Agreement are not subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance, attachment, or
garnishment by creditors of Executive or Executives beneficiary.

14.Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Disputes.

a.Governing Law. The construction and interpretation of this Agreement shall at all times and in all respects be governed by the laws of the State of Georgia without regard
to conflicts of laws principles thereof.

b.Jurisdiction and Disputes. For purposes of any action or proceeding, arising under this Agreement, Executive irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the
courts of Georgia and the courts of the United States of America located in Georgia for the purpose of any judicial proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, and Executive acknowledges that the designated forum has a reasonable
relation to the Agreement and to the Parties relationship with one another. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 14, the Company may, in its discretion, bring an action or special proceeding in any court of competent jurisdiction for
the purpose of seeking temporary or preliminary relief pending resolution of a dispute. Executive expressly consents to the application of this Section 14 to any judicial action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement. The
Company shall have the right to serve legal process upon Executive in any manner permitted by law. Executive hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any objection that Executive now or hereafter may have to personal
jurisdiction or to the laying of venue of any action or proceeding brought in any court referenced in this Section 14 and hereby agrees not to plead or claim the same.

12

c.Legal Fees. In the event that, following a Change of Control, a good faith dispute arises as to whether Executives termination was a Qualifying Termination, Executive
shall be entitled to recover from the Company reasonable attorneys fees incurred by Executive in connection with any proceeding to resolve such dispute provided that Executive shall be entitled to recover such fees in the event that the dispute
is resolved in favor of Executive.

15.Sections 409A of the Code.

a.Compliance. The payments due under this Agreement are intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code (Section

409A) or an exemption thereunder and shall be construed and administered in accordance with Section 409A. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, payments of nonqualified deferred compensation provided under this Agreement may only be made upon an event and in a manner that complies with Section 409A or an applicable exemption. Any payments under this Agreement that may be excluded
from Section 409A either as separation pay due to an involuntary separation from service or as a short-term deferral shall be excluded from Section 409A to the maximum extent possible. To the extent Section 409A applies, each installment payment
provided under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment. Any payments of nonqualified deferred compensation to be made under this Agreement by reason of a
termination of employment shall only be made if such termination of employment constitutes a separation from service under Section 409A. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Company makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement comply with Section 409A and in no event shall the Company or any other member of the Company Group be liable for all or any portion of any taxes,
penalties, interest or other expenses that may be incurred by Executive on account of non-compliance with Section 409A.

b.Specified Employee. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if at the time of Executives termination of employment, he or she is a specified employee, determined in accordance with Section 409A, any payments and benefits provided under this Agreement that constitute nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A that are provided to Executive on account of Executives separation from service shall not be paid until the first payroll date to occur following
the six (6)-month anniversary of Executives termination date (Specified Employee Payment Date). The aggregate amount of any payments that would otherwise have been made
during such six (6)-month period shall be paid in a lump sum on the Specified Employee Payment Date, without interest, and thereafter, any remaining payments shall be paid without delay in accordance with their original schedule. If Executive
dies during the six (6)-month period, any delayed payments shall be paid to Executives estate in a lump sum upon Executives death.

c.Reimbursements and In-Kind Benefits. To the extent required by Section 409A, each reimbursement or in-kind benefit provided under this Agreement
shall be provided in accordance with the following: (i) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits provided, during each calendar year cannot affect
the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other calendar year; (ii) any reimbursement of an eligible expense shall be paid to Executive on or before the last day of the calendar year following the
calendar year in which the expense was incurred; and (iii) any right to reimbursements or in-kind benefits under this Agreement shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.

13

16.Counterparts and Facsimile Signatures. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts which, taken together, shall constitute a single, enforceable instrument; however,
the Parties agree to exchange executed originals. Facsimile or electronically transmitted signatures shall have the same force and effect as original signatures.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
(by action of its duly authorized officer) and Executive have executed this Agreement on the date indicated below.

VESTIS CORPORATION 

By: 

/s/ Angie Kervin 

Title 

EVP, CHRO 

Dated: 

1/29/2025 

Kelly C. Janzen 

/s/ Kelly C. Janzen 

Kelly C. Janzen 

Dated: 

1/29/2025 

14

EXHIBIT A

RESTRICTIVE COVENANT AGREEMENT

This Restrictive Covenant Agreement (this Agreement) is between the
undersigned individual (Executive) and Vestis Corporation (the Company).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Company is a leading provider of managed services and other services to business and industry, private and public institutions, and the
general public;

WHEREAS, the Company has a proprietary interest in its business and financial plans and systems, methods of operation and other secret and
confidential information, knowledge and data (Proprietary Information) which includes, but is not limited to, all confidential, proprietary or non-public information, ideas
and concepts; annual and strategic business plans; financial plans, reports and systems including, profit and loss statements, sales, accounting forms and procedures and other information regarding costs, pricing and the financial condition of the
Company and its business segments and groups; management development reviews, including information regarding the capabilities and experience of the Company employees; intellectual property, including patents, inventions, discoveries, research and
development, compounds, recipes, formulae, reports, protocols, computer software and databases; information regarding the Companys relationships with its clients, customers, and suppliers and prospective clients, partners, customers and suppliers;
policy and procedure manuals, information regarding materials and documents in any form or medium (including oral, written, tangible, intangible, or electronic) concerning any of the above, or any past, current or future business activities of the
Company that is not publicly available; compensation, recruiting and training, and human resource policies and procedures; and data compilations, research, reports, structures, compounds, techniques, methods, processes, and know-how;

WHEREAS, all such Proprietary Information is developed at great expense to the Company and is considered by the Company to be confidential trade
secrets;

WHEREAS, Executive is employed by the Company and has access to the Companys Proprietary Information, directly in the course of Executives
employment, and indirectly through interaction with and presentations by other the Company senior managers at executive team meetings,

WHEREAS, the Company from time to time introduces Executive to the Company clients, customers, suppliers and others, and encourages, and provides
resources for, Executive to develop professional relationships with the Companys clients, customers, suppliers and others;

WHEREAS, the Company provides specialized training and skills to Executive in connection with the performance of Executives duties at the Company
which training involves the disclosure by the Company to Executive of Proprietary Information; and

WHEREAS, the Company will be vulnerable to unfair post-employment competition by Executive because Executive has access to and knowledge of the
Companys Proprietary Information, has a personal relationship with the Companys clients, customers, suppliers and others, and generates good will which Executive acknowledges belongs to the Company.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of Executives continuing employment with the Company, Executive is given the opportunity to receive grants of
equity-based incentives of the Company from time to time, as well as the severance and other post-employment benefits provided to Executive pursuant to pursuant to the terms of the Employment Agreement dated June 19, 2024 (the Employment Agreement ) and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Executive agrees to enter into this Agreement
with the Company as a condition of continuing employment pursuant to which the Company will limit Executives right to compete against the Company during and following termination of employment on the terms set forth in this Agreement. Intending to
be legally bound, the parties agree as follows:

1.DEFINITIONS. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning set forth in the Employment Agreement.

2.NON-DISCLOSURE AND NON-DISPARAGEMENT. Executive shall not, during or after termination of employment, directly or indirectly, in any manner utilize or disclose to any person, firm, corporation, association or
other entity, except where required by law, any Proprietary Information which is not generally known to the public, or has not otherwise been disclosed or recognized as standard practice in the industries in which the Company is engaged.
Executive shall, during and after termination of employment, refrain from making any statements or comments of a defamatory or disparaging nature to any third party regarding the Company, or any of the Companys officers, directors, employees,
policies or products, other than to comply with law. The provisions of this Section 2 will continue in effect after the end of the Term or the termination of this Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof.

3.NON-COMPETITION.

A.Subject to Section 3.B. below, Executive, during Executives
period of employment with the Company, and for a period of twelve (12) months following Executives voluntary or involuntary termination of employment (the Restriction Period),

shall not, without the Companys written permission, which shall be granted or denied in the Companys sole discretion, directly or indirectly, associate with (including, but not limited to, association as a sole proprietor, owner, employer,
partner, principal, investor, joint venturer, shareholder, associate, employee, member, consultant, contractor or otherwise), or acquire or maintain ownership interest in, any Business which is competitive with that conducted by or developed for
later implementation by the Company at any time during the term of Executives employment. For purposes of this Agreement, Business shall be defined as a person,
corporation, firm, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture or other entity. Nothing in the foregoing shall prevent Executive from investing in a Business that is or becomes publicly traded, if Executives ownership is as a passive
investor of less than one percent (1%) of the outstanding publicly traded stock of the Business.

2

B.The provision set forth in Section 3.A above, shall apply
to the full extent permitted by law (A) in all fifty states, and (B) in each foreign country, possession or territory in which the Company may be engaged in, or have plans to engage in, business (x)
during Employees period of employment, or (y) in the case of a termination of employment, as of the effective date of such termination or at any time during the twenty-four month period prior thereto.

C.Executive acknowledges that these restrictions are
reasonable and necessary to protect the business interests of the Company, and that enforcement of the provisions set forth in this Section 3 will not unnecessarily or unreasonably impair Executives ability to obtain other employment following
the termination (voluntary or involuntary) of Executives employment with the Company. Further, Executive acknowledges that the provisions set forth in this Section 3 shall apply if Executives employment is involuntarily terminated by the
Company for Cause; as a result of the elimination of employees position; for performance-related issues; or for any other reason or no reason at all.

4.NON-SOLICITATION. During the Restriction Period, regardless of the reason for termination, Executive shall not, directly or indirectly: (A) induce or encourage any employee of the Company to leave the employ
of the Company, (B) hire any individual who was an employee of the Company as of the date of Executives termination of employment or within a six month period prior to such date, or (C) induce or encourage any customer, client, supplier or other
business relation of the Company to cease or reduce doing business with the Company or in any way interfere with the relationship between any such customer, client, supplier or other business relation and the Company.

5.DISCOVERIES AND WORKS. Executive hereby irrevocably assigns, transfers, and conveys to the Company to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law Executives right, title and interest now or hereinafter
acquired, in and to all Discoveries and Works (as defined below) created, invented, designed, developed, improved or contributed to by Executive, either alone or jointly with others, while employed by the Company and within the scope of
Executives employment and/or with the use of the Companys resources. The terms Discoveries and Works include all works of authorship, inventions, intellectual property, materials, documents, or other work product (including, without
limitation, Proprietary Information, patents and patent applications, patentable inventions, research, reports, software, code, databases, systems, applications, presentations, textual works, graphics and audiovisual materials). Executive shall
have the burden of proving that any materials or works created, invented, designed, developed, contributed to or improved by Executive that are implicated by or relevant to employment by the Company are not implicated by this provision. Executive
agrees to (i) keep accurate records and promptly notify, make full disclosure to, and execute and deliver any documents and to take any further actions requested by the Company to assist it in validating, effectuating, maintaining, protecting,
enforcing, perfecting, recording patenting or registering any of its rights hereunder, and (ii) renounce any and all claims, including without limitation, claims of ownership and royalty, with respect to all Discoveries and Works and all other
property owned or licensed by the Company. Any Discoveries and Works that, within six months after the termination of Executives employment with the Company, are made, disclosed, reduced to a tangible or written form or description, or are
reduced to practice by Executive and which pertain to the business carried on or products or services being sold or developed by the Company at the time of such termination shall, as between Executive and the Company, be presumed to have been
made during such employment with the Company. Executive acknowledges that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, all Discoveries and Works shall be deemed works made for hire under the Copyright Act of 1976, as amended, 17 U. S.C. Section
101. Executive hereby grants the Company a perpetual, nonexclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, assignable, sublicensable license under all rights and intellectual property rights (including patent, industrial property, copyright, trademark, trade
secret, unfair competition and related laws) in any Works and Discoveries, for all purposes in connection with the Companys current and future business, that Executive has created, invented, designed, developed, improved or contributed to prior
to Executives employment with the Company that are relevant to or implicated by such employment (Prior Works). Any Prior Works are disclosed by Executive in Schedule 1.

3

6.GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION. The construction and interpretation of this Agreement shall at all times and in all respects be governed by the laws of the State of Georgia without regard to conflicts of laws
principles thereof. For purposes of any action or proceeding, arising under this Agreement, Executive irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Georgia and the courts of the United States of America located in Georgia for
the purpose of any judicial proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, and Executive acknowledges that the designated forum has a reasonable relation to the Agreement and to the Parties relationship with one another.
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 6, the Company may, in its discretion, bring an action or special proceeding in any court of competent jurisdiction for the purpose of seeking temporary or preliminary relief pending resolution of a
dispute. Executive expressly consents to the application of this Section 6 to any judicial action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement. The Company shall have the right to serve legal process upon Executive in any manner
permitted by law. Executive hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any objection that Executive now or hereafter may have to personal jurisdiction or to the laying of venue of any action or proceeding brought in any
court referenced in this Section 6 and hereby agrees not to plead or claim the same.

7.REMEDIES. Executive acknowledges that in the event of any violation by Executive of the provisions set forth in Sections 1, 2, 3 or 4 above, the Company will sustain serious, irreparable and substantial harm
to its business, the extent of which will be difficult to determine and impossible to fully remedy by an action at law for money damages. Accordingly, Executive agrees that, in the event of such violation or threatened violation by Executive, the
Company shall be entitled to an injunction before trial before any court of competent jurisdiction as a matter of course upon the posting of not more than a nominal bond, in addition to all such other legal and equitable remedies as may be
available to the Company. If the Company is required to enforce the provisions set forth in Sections 2 and 3 above by seeking an injunction, Executive agrees that the relevant time periods set forth in Sections 2 and 3 shall commence with the
entry of the injunction. Executive further agrees that, in the event any of the provisions of this Agreement are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, or for any reason unenforceable as written, such court shall
substitute a valid provision which most closely approximates the intent and purpose of the invalid provision and which would be enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law.

4

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company (by action of its duly authorized officer) and Executive have executed this Agreement on the date indicated below.

VESTIS CORPORATION 

By: /s/ Angie Kervin 

Title

EVP, CHRO 

Dated:

1/29/2025 

Kelly C. Janzen 

/s/ Kelly C. Janzen 

Kelly C. Janzen 

Dated:

1/29/2025 

5

Schedule 1

6

EXHBIT B

APPROVED BOARD SERVICE

None.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>vsts-20250128.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>vsts-20250128_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Amendment Flag 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>vsts-20250128_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 28, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 28, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41783

Entity Registrant Name Vestis Corporation

Entity Central Index Key 0001967649

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 92-2573927

Entity Address, Address Line One 500 Colonial Center Parkway

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 140

Entity Address, City or Town Roswell

Entity Address, State or Province GA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 30076

City Area Code 470

Local Phone Number 226-3655

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share

Trading Symbol VSTS

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://vestis.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ef20042546_8k.htm 
vsts-20250128.xsd 
vsts-20250128_lab.xml 
vsts-20250128_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001140361-25-002534-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>ef20042546_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001967649 

2025-01-28 
2025-01-28 

false 
0001967649 
8-K 
2025-01-28 
Vestis Corporation 
DE 
001-41783 
92-2573927 
500 Colonial Center Parkway 
Suite 140 
Roswell 
GA 
30076 
470 
226-3655 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share 
VSTS 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>