<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001829126-25-002284.txt : 20250401
<SEC-HEADER>0001829126-25-002284.hdr.sgml : 20250401
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250401160524
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829126-25-002284
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250326
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250401
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250401

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TITAN PHARMACEUTICALS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000910267
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		EIN:				943171940
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13341
		FILM NUMBER:		25799606

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 OYSTER POINT BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 505
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94080
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6502444990

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 OYSTER POINT BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 505
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94080
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>titanpharma_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000091026700009102672025-03-262025-03-26iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 26, 2025

Titan Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-13341 94-3171940

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

10 East 53rd St., Suite 3001, New York, NY 10022

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(786)769-7512

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934:

Title for each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share TTNP Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Private
Placement and Purchase Agreement

On
March 29, 2025, Titan Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company) entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase
Agreement) with Blue Harbour Asset Management L.L.C-FZ (the Investor), pursuant to which the Company has agreed
to issue 100,000 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Series B Preferred Stock)
to the Investor at a price of $10.00 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of $1,000,000 (the Private Placement).
The terms, rights, obligations and preferences of the Series B Preferred Stock are set forth in a Certificate of Designations, Preferences
and Rights of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company (the Certificate of Designations), filed with the Secretary
of State of the State of Delaware on March 31, 2025. The company expects that the closing of the Private Placement will occur the week
of April 7, 2025. Copies of the form of Purchase Agreement and the Certificate of Designations are attached hereto as Exhibits 10.1 and
4.1, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference.

Under
the Certificate of Designations, each share of Series B Preferred Stock will be convertible, at the holders option at any time,
into shares of the Companys common stock at a conversion rate equal to the quotient of (i) the stated value of such share divided
by (ii) the initial conversion price of $3.00, subject to specified adjustments as set forth in the Certificate of Designations. Based
on the initial conversion rate, approximately 333,333 shares of the Companys common stock would be issuable upon conversion of
all the shares of Series B Preferred Stock, when issued, assuming the absence of in-kind dividends. The Series B Preferred Stock will
contain limitations that prevent the Investor from acquiring the lower of either (i) the maximum percentage of common stock permissible
under the rules and regulations of The Nasdaq Stock Market (Nasdaq) without first obtaining shareholder approval
or (ii) 19.99% of the Companys outstanding common stock.

The
holder of the Series B Preferred Stock is entitled to receive dividends on shares of the Series B Preferred Stock equal (on an as-if-converted-to-common-stock
basis) to and in the same form as dividends actually paid on shares of the common stock. No other dividends will be paid on shares of
the Series B Preferred Stock. Any shares of Series B Preferred Stock may, at the option of the holder, be converted at any time into
that number of shares of common stock at the conversion price set forth above. Without approval of holders of a majority of the outstanding
Series B Preferred Stock, the Company may not (a) alter or adversely change the powers, preferences or rights given to the Series B Preferred
Stock, (b) amend its certificate of incorporation or other charter documents in any manner that adversely affects any rights of the holders
of the Series B Preferred Stock, (c) increase the number of authorized shares of the Series B Preferred Stock, (d) enter into or consummate
any Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the Certificate of Designations), or (e) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the
foregoing. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, the holder of the Series B Preferred Stock will
be entitled to receive out of the assets, whether capital or surplus, of the Company the same amount that a holder of common stock would
receive if the Series B Preferred Stock were fully converted to common stock, which amounts shall be paid pari passu with
all holders of common stock. The foregoing description provides a summary of certain material terms of the Series B Preferred Stock issued
pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, as set forth in Certificate of Designations, which is filed as Exhibit 4.1 to this Current Report
on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

The
shares sold in the Private Placement do not involve a public offering and have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, in reliance on Regulation S thereunder.

Registration
Rights Agreement

In
connection with the Private Placement, the Company entered into a registration rights agreement with the Investor (the Registration
Rights Agreement) pursuant to which the Company has agreed to provide certain registration rights upon the occurrence of certain
events set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement. The foregoing description of the Registration Rights Agreement does not purport
to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Registration Rights Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.2
to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

1

Item
3.01. Notice of Delisting or Failure To Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing.

On
March 26, 2025, the Company received a notice (the Notice) from the Listing Qualifications staff of Nasdaq notifying the
Company that the Companys stockholders equity as reported in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December
31, 2024 (2024 10-K), did not satisfy the continued listing requirement under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(1) for the Nasdaq
Capital Market, which requires that a listed companys stockholders equity be at least $2,500,000. In its 2024 10-K, the
Company reported stockholders equity of $2,440,000, and, as a result, does not currently satisfy Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(1).

The
Notice has no immediate effect on the Companys listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market. In accordance with Nasdaq rules, the Company
has 45 calendar days from the date of the notification to submit a plan to regain compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(1). The
Company intends to submit a compliance plan within 45 days of the date of the notification and will evaluate available options to resolve
the deficiency and regain compliance. If the Companys compliance plan is accepted, the Company may be granted up to 180 calendar
days from March 26, 2025 to evidence compliance.

Item
3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The
information contained in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02.

Item
5.02. Notice of Delisting or Failure To Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing.

On
March 27, 2025, the board of directors of the Company (the Board) appointed Gabriel Loh as an independent director
of the Company. The Board determined that Mr. Loh is independent as defined under the relevant rules of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and The Nasdaq Stock Market and appointed him to serve as a member of the Audit Committee.

The
biography of Mr. Loh is as follows:

Gabriel
Loh (age 39) has served as the Head of Business Development at a public listed company in Malaysia which provides solutions and services to the general
insurance and financial service industries, since June 2024. From 2014 through June 2024, Mr. Loh was a Senior Relationship Manager at
The Bank of East Asia, Limited in multiple branches. Mr. Loh received his Bachelors Degree in Engineering in 2008 from the University
of Nottingham, Malaysia Campus.

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit

Number Description

4.1 Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock.

10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2025, by and among the Company and Blue Harbour Asset Management L.L.C-FZ.

10.2 Form of Registration Rights
Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2025, by and among the Company and Blue Harbour Asset Management L.L.C-FZ.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded with the Inline XBRL document).

2

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Titan
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

Dated:
April 1, 2025 By: /s/
Chay Weei Jye

Name: Chay Weei Jye

Title: Chief Executive Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>titanpharma_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

TITAN PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATIONS, PREFERENCES,

RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS

OF

SERIES B CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK

PURSUANT TO SECTION 151 OF THE

DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW

The undersigned, Chay Weei Jye, does hereby certify that:

1. He is the Chief Executive Officer of Titan Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Corporation).

2. The Corporation is authorized to issue 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock.

3. The following resolutions were duly adopted by the board of directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors):

WHEREAS, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, as amended, provides for a class of its authorized capital stock known as preferred stock, consisting of 5,000,000 shares, $0.001 par value per share, issuable from time to time in one or more series;

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors is authorized to provide for the issuance of the shares of preferred stock in series and to establish, from time to time, the number of shares to be included in each such series, and to fix the designation, powers, preferences and rights of the shares of each such series and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereon; and

WHEREAS, it is the desire of the Board of Directors, pursuant to its authority as aforesaid, to fix the rights, preferences, restrictions and other matters relating to a new series of the preferred stock, which shall consist of, 100,000 shares of the preferred stock which the Corporation has the authority to issue;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of Directors does hereby provide for the issuance of a new series of preferred stock to be designated the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock and does hereby fix and determine the number, rights, preferences, restrictions and other matters relating to such series of preferred stock as follows:

TERMS OF PREFERRED STOCK

Section 1. Definitions. For the purposes hereof, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(d).

Business Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock means the Corporations common stock, par value $0.001 per share, and stock of any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Corporation or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Conversion Amount means the sum of the Stated Value at issue.

Conversion Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a).

Conversion Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(b).

Conversion Shares means, collectively, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms hereof.

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Fundamental Transaction shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(d).

GAAP means United States generally accepted accounting principles.

Holder shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.

Liquidation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.

New York Courts shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8(d).

Notice of Conversion shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a).

Original Issue Date means the date of the first issuance of any shares of the Preferred Stock regardless of the number of transfers of any particular shares of Preferred Stock and regardless of the number of certificates which may be issued to evidence such Preferred Stock.

Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Preferred Stock shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

2

Share Delivery Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(c).

Stated Value shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2, as the same may be increased pursuant to Section 3.

Successor Entity shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(d).

Trading Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for business.

Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the NYSE MKT or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transfer Agent means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, the current transfer agent of the Corporation, with a mailing address of 1 State Street, 30th Floor, New York, NY 10004-1561 and an email address of cstmail@continentalstock.com and any successor transfer agent of the Corporation.

Section 2. Designation, Amount and Par Value. The series of preferred stock shall be designated as the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (the Preferred Stock) and the number of shares so designated shall be 100,000 (which shall not be subject to increase without the written consent of a majority of the holders of the Preferred Stock (each, a Holder and collectively, the Holders)). Each share of Preferred Stock shall have a par value of $0.001 per share and a stated value equal to $10.00 (the Stated Value).

Section 3. Dividends. Except for stock dividends or distributions for which adjustments are to be made pursuant to Section 7, Holders shall be entitled to receive, and the Corporation shall pay, dividends on shares of Preferred Stock equal (on an as-if-converted-to-Common-Stock basis, without regard to conversion limitations herein) to and in the same form as dividends actually paid on shares of the Common Stock when, as and if such dividends are paid on shares of the Common Stock. No other dividends shall be paid on shares of Preferred Stock. The Corporation shall not pay any dividends on the Common Stock unless the Corporation simultaneously complies with this provision.

Section 4. Voting Rights. Except as otherwise provided herein or as otherwise required by law, the Preferred Stock shall have no voting rights. However, as long as any shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Corporation shall not, whether by amendment, merger, or any other means, without the affirmative vote of the Holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock, (a) alter or change adversely the powers, preferences or rights given to the Preferred Stock or alter or amend this Certificate of Designations, (b) amend its certificate of incorporation or other charter documents in any manner that adversely affects any rights of the Holders, (c) increase the number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock, (d) enter into or consummate any Fundamental Transaction, or (e) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing.

Section 5. Liquidation. Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary (a Liquidation), the Holders shall be entitled to receive out of the assets, whether capital or surplus, of the Corporation the same amount that a holder of Common Stock would receive if the Preferred Stock were fully converted (disregarding for such purposes any conversion limitations hereunder) to Common Stock which amounts shall be paid pari passu with all holders of Common Stock. The Corporation shall mail written notice of any such Liquidation, not less than 45 days prior to the payment date stated therein, to each Holder.

3

Section 6. Conversion.

a) Conversions at Option of Holder. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at any time and from time to time from and after the Original Issue Date at the option of the Holder thereof, into that number of shares of Common Stock (subject to the limitations set forth in Section 6(d)) determined by dividing the Stated Value of such share of Preferred Stock by the Conversion Price. Holders shall effect conversions by providing the Corporation with the form of conversion notice attached hereto as Annex A (a Notice of Conversion). Each Notice of Conversion shall specify the number of shares of Preferred Stock to be converted, the number of shares of Preferred Stock owned prior to the conversion at issue, the number of shares of Preferred Stock owned subsequent to the conversion at issue and the date on which such conversion is to be effected, which date may not be prior to the date the applicable Holder delivers by facsimile such Notice of Conversion to the Corporation (such date, the Conversion Date). If no Conversion Date is specified in a Notice of Conversion, the Conversion Date shall be the date that such Notice of Conversion to the Corporation is deemed delivered hereunder. No ink-original Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Conversion form be required. The calculations and entries set forth in the Notice of Conversion shall control in the absence of manifest or mathematical error. To effect conversions of shares of Preferred Stock, a Holder shall not be required to surrender the certificate(s) representing the shares of Preferred Stock to the Corporation unless all of the shares of Preferred Stock represented thereby are so converted, in which case such Holder shall deliver the certificate representing such shares of Preferred Stock promptly following the Conversion Date at issue. Shares of Preferred Stock converted into Common Stock or redeemed in accordance with the terms hereof shall be canceled and shall not be reissued.

b) Conversion Price. The conversion price for the Preferred Stock shall equal $3.00, subject to adjustment herein (the Conversion Price).

c) Mechanics of Conversion.

i. Delivery of Conversion Shares Upon Conversion. Not later than the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below) after each Conversion Date (the Share Delivery Date), the Corporation shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the converting Holder (A) the number of Conversion Shares being acquired upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock, which Conversion Shares shall be free of restrictive legends and trading restrictions and (B) a bank check in the amount of accrued and unpaid dividends, if any. The Corporation shall use its best efforts to deliver the Conversion Shares required to be delivered by the Corporation under this Section 6 electronically through the Depository Trust Company (DTC) or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Corporations primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Conversion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Conversion delivered by 12:00 pm (NY time) on the Original Issue Date, the Corporation agrees to deliver the Conversion Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 pm (NY time) on the Original Issue Date.

ii. Failure to Deliver Conversion Shares. If, in the case of any Notice of Conversion, such Conversion Shares are not delivered to or as directed by the applicable Holder by the Share Delivery Date, the Holder shall be entitled to elect by written notice to the Corporation at any time on or before its receipt of such Conversion Shares, to rescind such Conversion, in which event the Corporation shall promptly return to the Holder any original Preferred Stock certificate delivered to the Corporation and the Holder shall promptly return to the Corporation the Conversion Shares issued to such Holder pursuant to the rescinded Notice of Conversion.

4

iii. Obligation Absolute; Partial Liquidated Damages. The Corporations obligation to issue and deliver the Conversion Shares upon conversion of Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction by a Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against any Person or any action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by such Holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Corporation or any violation or alleged violation of law by such Holder or any other person, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Corporation to such Holder in connection with the issuance of such Conversion Shares; provided, however, that such delivery shall not operate as a waiver by the Corporation of any such action that the Corporation may have against such Holder. If the Corporation fails to deliver to a Holder such Conversion Shares pursuant to Section 6(c)(i) by the Share Delivery Date applicable to such conversion, then, subject to the Corporations right to cure within two (2) Trading Days following written notice from such Holder, the Corporation shall pay to such Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $10.00 of Stated Value of Preferred Stock being converted, $0.50 per Trading Day for each Trading Day after the Share Delivery Date until such Conversion Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such conversion. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue actual damages for the Corporations failure to deliver Conversion Shares within the period specified herein, and such Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief. The exercise of any such rights shall not prohibit a Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under applicable law.

iv. Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Conversion Shares Upon Conversion. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Corporation fails for any reason to deliver to a Holder the applicable Conversion Shares by the Share Delivery Date pursuant to Section 6(c)(i), and if after such Share Delivery Date such Holder is required by its brokerage firm to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise), or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by such Holder of the Conversion Shares which such Holder was entitled to receive upon the conversion relating to such Share Delivery Date (a Buy-In), then the Corporation shall have two (2) Trading Days following written notice from the Holder to cure such failure. If the Corporation does not cure within such period, it shall (A) pay in cash to such Holder (in addition to any other remedies available to or elected by such Holder) the amount, if any, by which (x) such Holders total purchase price (including any brokerage commissions) for the Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that such Holder was entitled to receive from the conversion at issue multiplied by (2) the actual sale price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed (including any brokerage commissions) and (B) at the option of such Holder, either reissue (if surrendered) the shares of Preferred Stock equal to the number of shares of Preferred Stock submitted for conversion (in which case, such conversion shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to such Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued if the Corporation had timely complied with its delivery requirements under Section 6(c)(i). For example, if a Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted conversion of shares of Preferred Stock with respect to which the actual sale price of the Conversion Shares (including any brokerage commissions) giving rise to such purchase obligation was a total of $10,000 under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence, the Corporation shall be required to pay such Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Corporation written notice indicating the amounts payable to such Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Corporation, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Corporations failure to timely deliver Conversion Shares upon conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

5

v. Reservation of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation covenants that it will at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock for the sole purpose of issuance upon conversion of the Preferred Stock as herein provided, free from preemptive rights or any other actual contingent purchase rights of Persons other than the Holder (and the other holders of the Preferred Stock), not less than such aggregate number of shares of the Common Stock as shall be issuable (taking into account the adjustments and restrictions of Section 7) upon the conversion of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock. The Corporation covenants that all shares of Common Stock that shall be so issuable shall, upon issue, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

vi. Fractional Shares. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such conversion, the Corporation shall at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Conversion Price or round up to the next whole share.

vii. Transfer Taxes and Expenses. The issuance of Conversion Shares on conversion of this Preferred Stock shall be made without charge to any Holder for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery of such Conversion Shares, provided that the Corporation shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of any such Conversion Shares upon conversion in a name other than that of the Holders of such shares of Preferred Stock and the Corporation shall not be required to issue or deliver such Conversion Shares unless or until the Person or Persons requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Corporation the amount of such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction of the Corporation that such tax has been paid. The Corporation shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Conversion and all fees to the DTC (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Conversion Shares.

d) Beneficial Ownership Limitation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Corporation shall not effect any conversion of the Preferred Stock, and a Holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of the Preferred Stock, to the extent that, after giving effect to the conversion set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion, such Holder (together with such Holders Affiliates, and any Persons acting as a group together with such Holder or any of such Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)) would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which are issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, unconverted Stated Value of Preferred Stock beneficially owned by such Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the Corporation subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein (including, without limitation, the Preferred Stock) beneficially owned by such Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 6(d), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 6(d) applies, the determination of whether the Preferred Stock is convertible

6

(in relation to other securities owned by such Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of how many shares of Preferred Stock are convertible shall be in the sole discretion of such Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Conversion shall be deemed to be such Holders determination of whether the shares of Preferred Stock may be converted (in relation to other securities owned by such Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and how many shares of the Preferred Stock are convertible, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. To ensure compliance with this restriction, each Holder will be deemed to represent to the Corporation each time it delivers a Notice of Conversion that such conversion will not violate the restrictions set forth in this paragraph and the Corporation shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such representation. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 6(d), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely solely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as stated in a written notice by the Corporation or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request (which may be via email) of a Holder, the Corporation shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to such Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Corporation, including the Preferred Stock, by such Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall mean, as of any date, the lower of either, (X) the maximum percentage of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock that can be issued to the Holder without requiring a vote of the shareholders of the Company under the rules and regulations of the Trading Market on which the Common Stock trades on such date and applicable securities laws; or, (Y) 19.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately before the Original Issue Date. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 6(d) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation contained herein or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of Preferred Stock.

Section 7. Certain Adjustments.

a) Stock Dividends and Stock Splits. If the Corporation, at any time while this Preferred Stock is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock or any other Common Stock Equivalents (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Corporation upon conversion of, or payment of a dividend on, this Preferred Stock), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues, in the event of a reclassification of shares of the Common Stock, any shares of capital stock of the Corporation, then the Conversion Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Corporation) outstanding immediately before such event, and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 7(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

7

b) Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 7(a) above, if at any time the Corporation grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of such Holders Preferred Stock (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

c) Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Preferred Stock is outstanding, if the Corporation declares or makes any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Preferred Stock, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Preferred Stock (without regard to any limitations on conversion hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

d) Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while any shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding, (i) the Corporation, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Corporation with or into another Person, (ii) the Corporation, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Corporation or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock, (iv) the Corporation, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Corporation, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person whereby such other Person acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent conversion of the Preferred Stock by the Holder thereof, the Holder shall receive, for each Conversion Share that would have been issuable upon such conversion immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 6(d) on the conversion of the Preferred Stock), the number of shares of common stock (as applicable) of the successor or acquiring corporation or the number of shares of Common Stock of the Corporation (as applicable), if it is the surviving corporation, and all additional securities (equity or debt), cash, property or other consideration (all such additional consideration, the Alternate Consideration), receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which such Holders Preferred Stock is convertible immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction

8

(without regard to any limitation in Section 6(d) on the conversion of the Preferred Stock). For purposes of any such conversion, the determination of the Conversion Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Corporation shall apportion the Conversion Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are entitled to elect the proportion of securities, cash, property or other consideration to be received by holders of Common Stock in a Fundamental Transaction, then each Holder of Preferred Stock shall be given the same choice as to the proportion of securities, cash, property or other consideration such Holder is entitled to receive upon any conversion of such Holders shares of Preferred Stock following such Fundamental Transaction. To the extent necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any successor to the Corporation or surviving entity in such Fundamental Transaction shall file a new Certificate of Designations in respect of a new series of preferred stock of the successor or acquiring corporation, or the Corporation, if it is the surviving corporation, setting forth the same rights, preferences, privileges and other terms contained in this Certificate of Designations in respect of the Preferred Stock, including, without limitation, the provisions contained in this Section 7(d) and evidencing, among other things, the Holders right to convert such new preferred stock into Alternate Consideration. The Corporation shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Corporation is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Corporation under this Certificate of Designations in accordance with the provisions of this Section 7(d) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of a Holder of Preferred Stock, deliver to such Holder in exchange for such Holders Preferred Stock a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to the Preferred Stock which is convertible for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock (without regard to any limitations on the conversion of the Preferred Stock) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with a conversion price which applies the conversion price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such conversion price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of the Preferred Stock immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder(s) thereof. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Certificate of Designations referring to the Corporation shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Corporation and shall assume all of the obligations of the Corporation under this Certificate of Designations with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Corporation herein. For the avoidance of doubt, if, at any time while any shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding, a Fundamental Transaction occurs, pursuant to the terms of this Section 7(d), a Holder of Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to receive any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction in respect of such Holders shares of Preferred Stock, except as provided for in this Certificate of Designations (or any new Certificate of Designations in respect of a new series of preferred stock issued to the Holders of Preferred Stock as contemplated hereby).

9

e) Calculations. All calculations under this Section 7 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 7, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Corporation) issued and outstanding.

f) Notice to the Holders.

i. Adjustment to Conversion Price. Whenever the Conversion Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 7, the Corporation shall promptly deliver to each Holder a notice setting forth the Conversion Price after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice to Allow Conversion by Holder. If (A) the Corporation shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Corporation shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Corporation shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Corporation shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Corporation is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property or (E) the Corporation shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation, then, in each case, the Corporation shall cause to be filed at each office or agency maintained for the purpose of conversion of this Preferred Stock, and shall cause to be delivered to each Holder at its last address as it shall appear upon the stock books of the Corporation, at least fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange, provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Corporation or any of the Subsidiaries, the Corporation shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to convert the Conversion Amount of this Preferred Stock (or any part hereof) during the 15-day period commencing on the date of such notice through the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section 8. Miscellaneous.

a) Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without limitation, any Notice of Conversion, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile, email address or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed to the Corporation at:

Titan Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

10 Esat 53rd Street, Suite 3001

Attention: Brynner Chiam

Email
address:

10

or such other facsimile number or address as the Corporation may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders delivered in accordance with this Section 8. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Corporation hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile, by email attachment or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the facsimile number, email address or address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Corporation, or if no such facsimile number, email address or address appears on the books of the Corporation, at the principal place of business of such Holder. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile or email attachment at the facsimile number or email address set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile or email attachment at the facsimile number or email address set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the Person to whom such notice is required to be given. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Certificate of Designations, where this Certificate of Designations provides for notice of any event to a Holder, if the Preferred Stock is held in global form by DTC (or any successor depositary), such notice may be delivered via DTC (or such successor depositary) pursuant to the procedures of DTC (or such successor depositary).

b) Absolute Obligation. Except as expressly provided herein, no provision of this Certificate of Designations shall alter or impair the obligation of the Corporation, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay liquidated damages and accrued dividends, as applicable, on the shares of Preferred Stock at the time, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed.

c) Lost or Mutilated Preferred Stock Certificate. If a Holders Preferred Stock certificate shall be mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Corporation shall execute and deliver, in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated certificate, or in lieu of or in substitution for a lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, a new certificate for the shares of Preferred Stock so mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, but only upon receipt of evidence of such loss, theft or destruction of such certificate, and of the ownership hereof reasonably satisfactory to the Corporation.

d) Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Certificate of Designations shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflict of laws thereof. Each of the Corporation and each Holder agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Certificate of Designations (whether brought against the Corporation, a Holder or any of their respective Affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents) shall be commenced in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan (the New York Courts). Each of the Corporation and each Holder hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the New York Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such New York Courts, or such New York Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each of the Corporation and each Holder hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such Person at the address in effect for notices to it under this Certificate of Designation and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable law. Each of the Corporation and each Holder hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Certificate of Designations or the transactions contemplated hereby. If the Corporation or any Holder shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Certificate of Designations, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred in the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

11

e) Waiver. Any waiver by the Corporation or a Holder of a breach of any provision of this Certificate of Designations shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Certificate of Designations or a waiver by any other Holders. The failure of the Corporation or a Holder to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Certificate of Designations on one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that Person (or any other Holder) of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Certificate of Designations on any other occasion. Any waiver by the Corporation or a Holder must be in writing.

f) Severability. If any provision of this Certificate of Designations is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the balance of this Certificate of Designations shall remain in effect, and if any provision is inapplicable to any Person or circumstance, it shall nevertheless remain applicable to all other Persons and circumstances. If it shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder violates the applicable law governing usury, the applicable rate of interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the maximum rate of interest permitted under applicable law.

g) Next Business Day. Whenever any payment or other obligation hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day.

h) Headings. The headings contained herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Certificate of Designations and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

i) Status of Converted or Redeemed Preferred Stock. If any shares of Preferred Stock shall be converted, redeemed or reacquired by the Corporation, such shares shall resume the status of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock and shall no longer be designated as Series B Convertible Preferred Stock.

*********************

12

RESOLVED, FURTHER, that the executive chairman, the president or any vice-president, and the secretary or any assistant secretary, of the Corporation be and they hereby are authorized and directed to prepare and file this Certificate of Designations, Preferences, Rights and Limitations in accordance with the foregoing resolution and the provisions of Delaware law.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Certificate this 29th day of March, 2025.

TITAN PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

By: /s/ Chay Weei Jye

Name: Chay Weei Jye

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

13
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>titanpharma_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of March 29, 2025, between TITAN PHARMACEUTICALS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including its successors and assigns, a Purchaser and collectively the Purchasers).

WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act (as defined below) and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder and/or pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S), the Company desires to issue and sell to Purchaser, and Purchaser desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

WHEREAS, it is understood by the parties that the Company is entering into this Agreement in order to provide for the sale by the Company of the Securities by way of a private placement outside the United States on the basis of exemptions from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

WHEREAS, it is further understood by the parties that the Purchaser is entering into this Agreement based solely on publicly available information about the Company, including publicly available information in respect of the Companys pending business combination transaction with TalenTec Sdn. Bhd (formerly known as KE Sdn. Bhd.).

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement: (a) capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined herein have the meanings given to such terms in the Certificate of Designation (as defined herein), and (b) the following terms have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring Person shall have the meaning given such term in Section 4.7.

Action shall have the meaning given such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally open for use by customers on such day.

Certificate of Designations means the Certificate of Designations to be filed prior to the Closing by the Company with the Secretary of State of Delaware, in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto.

Closing means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date hereof.

Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Conversion Price shall have the meaning given such term in the Certificate of Designation.

Conversion Shares means, collectively, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof.

Disclosure Schedules means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company delivered concurrently herewith.

Disclosure Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) and before midnight (New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the date hereof, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between midnight (New York City time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the date hereof.

Evaluation Date shall have the meaning given such term in Section 3.1(t).

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exempt Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or options to employees, officers or directors of the Company pursuant to any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered to the Company, (b) securities upon the conversion of any Securities issued hereunder, and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that such securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations) or to extend the term of such securities,

2

and (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition period in Section 4.10(a) herein, provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equity holders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities.

FCPA means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

GAAP shall have the meaning given such term in Section 3.1(h).

Indebtedness shall have the meaning given such term in Section 3.1(bb).

Intellectual Property Rights shall have the meaning given such term in Section 3.1(p).

Liens means an adverse claim, lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right, or voting, transfer, or other restriction.

Material Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material Permits shall have the meaning given such term in Section 3.1(n).

Maximum Rate shall have the meaning given such term in Section 5.16.

Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Preferred Stock means the number of shares of the Companys Series B Convertible Preferred Stock issued as set forth in the Certificate of Designations, having the rights, preferences and privileges therein.

Proceeding means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Prospectus means the final prospectus to be filed in accordance with the Registration Rights Agreement.

Purchaser shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Purchaser Party shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 4.8.

Registration Rights Agreement means the Registration Rights Agreement between the Company and the Purchaser dated as of the date hereof, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B.

Registration Statement means the registration statement to be filed in accordance with the Registration Rights Agreement.

Required Approvals shall have the meaning given such term in Section 3.1(e).

3

Required Minimum means, as of any date, the maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock then issued or potentially issuable in the future pursuant to the Transaction Documents, including any Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion in full of all shares of Preferred Stock, ignoring any conversion limits set forth therein.

Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Rule 424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

SEC Reports shall have the meaning given such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities means the Preferred Stock and the Conversion Shares.

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shareholder Approval means such approval as may be required by the applicable rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Capital Market (or any successor entity) from the shareholders of the Company with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, including the issuance of all of the Conversion Shares in excess of 19.99% of the issued and outstanding Common Stock on the Closing Date.

Short Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

Stated Value means the Stated Value of Preferred Stock as set forth in the Certificate of Designation.

Subscription Amount means, one million ($1,000,000) in United States dollars, payable in immediately available funds.

Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a) and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction Documents means this Agreement, the Certificate of Designation, the Registration Rights Agreement, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto, and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer Agent means Continental Stock & Transfer Company, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of: 1 State Street 30th Floor, New York, NY 10004-1561 and an email address of cstmail@continentalstock.com, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

4

Variable Rate Transaction shall have the meaning given such term in Section 4.10(a).

VWAP means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)).

ARTICLE II

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1 Closing. On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchaser agrees to purchase 100,000 shares of Preferred Stock with an aggregate Stated Value as set forth in the Certificate of Designations, for a total price equal to the Subscription Amount. Purchaser shall deliver to the Company via wire transfer, immediately available funds equal to the Subscription Amount, and the Company shall deliver to Purchaser its shares of Preferred Stock, as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall take place remotely by electronic transfer of the Closing documentation.

2.2 Deliveries.

(a) On or prior to the Closing Date (except as indicated below), the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Purchaser the following:

(i) this Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii) a copy of the Certificate of Designations certified by the Secretary of State of Delaware;

(iii) a certificate evidencing or notice of issuance of the Preferred Stock;

(iv) a duly executed Registration Rights Agreement;

(v) Company's wire instructions, on Company letterhead and executed by the Chief Executive Officer or Acting Principal Financial Officer; and

(vi) a copy of resolutions of Company's Board of Directors authorizing Company's execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement, including the authorization and issuance of the Securities.

(b)On or prior to the Closing Date, Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company, the following:

(i) this Agreement duly executed by Purchaser;

(ii) the full Subscription Amount by wire transfer to the account specified in writing by the Company; and

(iii)a duly executed Registration Rights Agreement.

5

2.3 Closing Conditions.

(a) The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchaser contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality, in all respects) as of such date);

(ii) all obligations, covenants and agreements of Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed; and

(iii) the delivery by Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b).

(b) The obligations of the Purchaser hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date);

(ii) all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

(iii) the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a);

(iv) there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company;

(v) from the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys principal Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of Purchaser, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Closing.

ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part hereof and shall qualify any representation or otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding section of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to Purchaser:

6

(a) Subsidiaries. All of the direct and indirect Subsidiaries of the Company, if any, and their respective jurisdictions of incorporation or organization are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a). The Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. If the Company has no subsidiaries, all other references to the Subsidiaries or any of them in the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.

(b) Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and any Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have resulted in or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects, liabilities or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and any Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect) and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

(c) Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(d) No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise)

7

or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e) Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings required pursuant to Section 4.6, (ii) the notice and/or application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the issuance and sale of the Securities and the listing of the Conversion Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, and (iii) such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws (collectively, the Required Approvals).

(f) Issuance of the Securities; Registration. The Preferred Stock is duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid, and nonassessable, free and clear of any Lien imposed by the Company. The Conversion Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid, and nonassessable, free and clear of any Lien imposed by the Company. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock a number of shares of Common Stock for issuance of the Conversion Shares at least equal to the Required Minimum on the date hereof.

(g) Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), which Schedule 3.1(g) shall also include the number of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of record, by Affiliates of the Company as of the date hereof. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g):

(i) The Company has not issued any capital stock since its filing of its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Companys stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(ii)Except as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or capital stock of any Subsidiary.

(iii)The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchaser).

8

(iv)There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price of such security or instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary.

(v)There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary.

(vi)The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement.

(vii)All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.

(viii)No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities.

(ix)There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

(h) SEC Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company has never been an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

9

(i) Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i): (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company stock option plans. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment of information. Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i), no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or any Subsidiary, or their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition, that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least one (1) Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made.

(j) Litigation. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an Action). None of the Actions set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

(k) Labor Relations. Except as set forth on Schedule 3(k), no labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

10

(l) Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(m) Environmental Laws. To the knowledge of the Company, the Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses; and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and (iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

(n)Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities, including, without limitation, those administered by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, or by any foreign, federal, state or local governmental or regulatory authority performing functions similar to those performed by the FDA, necessary to conduct its business as described in the SEC Reports, except where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any Material Permit.

(o) Title to Assets. The Company and any Subsidiary has good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by it and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and any Subsidiary, in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and any Subsidiary and (ii) Liens for the payment of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and any Subsidiary are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and any Subsidiary are in compliance.

(p) Intellectual Property. The Company and any Subsidiary has, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar rights as described in the SEC Reports as necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses and which the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). None of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports,

11

a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and any Subsidiary has taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(q) Insurance. The Company and any Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage equal to $5,000,000. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

(r) Private Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, no registration under the Securities Act nor is prospectus delivery under applicable securities laws of the location of the Purchaser required for the offer and sale of the Securities by the Company to the Purchaser as contemplated hereby. The issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder does not contravene the rules and regulations of the Trading Market. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, the issuance and sale of the Securities by the Company to the Purchaser is exempt from the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws of the location of the Purchaser and no prospectus or other document is required to be filed, under such applicable securities laws and no proceeding is required to be taken and no approval, permit, consent or authorization of regulatory authorities is required to be obtained by the Company under such securities laws to permit such issuance and sale.

(s) Transactions With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(s), none of the officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for: (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

(t) Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures

12

(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(u) Certain Fees. No brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Purchaser shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(v) Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities, will not be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(w) Registration Rights. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(w), or as otherwise provided in the Transaction Documents, no Person has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

(x)Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(x), the Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. The Company has taken all measures to ensure that it will reach compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements in the foreseeable future, and shall use its best efforts to continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements. The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

(y) Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchaser as a result of the Purchasers and the Companys fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of the Companys issuance of the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities.

13

(z) Disclosure. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided the Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information which has not been otherwise disclosed. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchaser will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchaser regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that Purchaser neither makes nor has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

(aa) No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(bb) Solvency. Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt by the Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder: (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds the amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known contingent liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements of the business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii) the current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction within one year from the Closing Date. Schedule 3.1(bb) sets forth as of the date hereof all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. For the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $50,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

14

(cc) Tax Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such claim.

(dd) Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has: (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

(ee) Accountants. The Companys independent accounting firm is Enrome LLP. To the knowledge and belief of the Company, such accounting firm: (i) is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall express its opinion with respect to the financial statements to be included in the Companys Annual Report for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025.

(ff) Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Purchaser is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby. The Company further acknowledges that Purchaser is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by Purchaser or any of Purchasers representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to Purchaser that the Companys decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(gg) Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding (except for Sections including, without limitation, Short Sales or derivative transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively impact the market price of the Companys publicly-traded securities, (iii) Purchaser and counter-parties in derivative transactions to which Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, may presently have a short position in the Common Stock and (iv) Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counter-party in any derivative transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) Purchaser may engage in hedging activities at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, including, without limitation, during the periods that the value of the Conversion Shares deliverable with respect to Securities are being determined, and (z) such hedging activities (if any) could reduce the value of the existing stockholders equity interests in the Company at and after the time that the hedging activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute a breach of any of the Transaction Documents.

15

(hh) Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company.

(ii) No General Solicitation or Directed Selling Efforts. Neither the Company nor any Person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Securities by any form of general solicitation or general advertising or directed selling efforts (as defined in Rule 902(c) of Regulation S). The Company has offered the Securities for sale only to the Purchaser.

(jj) Stock Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance with the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the Companys stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects.

(kk) Cybersecurity. To the knowledge and belief of the Company, (i)(x) there has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or any Subsidiarys information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data) and (y) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not been notified of, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to its IT Systems and Data; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain and protect its material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster recovery technology consistent with industry standards and practices.

(ll) Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(mm) U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is or ever has been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers request.

16

(nn) Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(oo) Anti-Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws), and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

3.2 Representations and Warranties of the Purchaser. Purchaser hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate as of such date):

(a) Organization; Authority. Purchaser is an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents to which the Purchaser is a party and performance by Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which it is a party has been duly executed by Purchaser, and when delivered by Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(b) Understandings or Arrangements. Purchaser is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities. Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in compliance with applicable securities laws, and in the ordinary course of its business. Purchaser understands that the Securities are restricted securities and have not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and is acquiring such Securities as principal for his, her or its own account with investment intent and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state or foreign securities law, has no present intention of distributing any of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state or foreign securities law, and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state or foreign securities law (this representation and warranty not limiting Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement when effective, or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal, state and any applicable foreign securities laws).

17

(c) Purchaser Status. Purchaser has purchased the Securities pursuant to Regulation S, and Purchaser represents and warrants that (i) at the time he, she or it was offered the Shares he, she or it was not, as of the date hereof it is not, and throughout the Closing Date he, she or it will continue not to be, a U.S. Person as that term is defined in Rule 902 of Regulation S, and (ii) he, she or it has, and will at all times have, executed all documents (including this Agreement) outside of the United States.

(d) General Solicitation. Purchaser is not purchasing the Securities as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar or, to the knowledge of Purchaser, any other general solicitation or general advertisement.

(e) Experience of Purchaser. Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(f) Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, Purchaser has not directly or indirectly, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with Purchaser, executed any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that Purchaser first received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Purchaser is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers, directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

(g)Investment Decision. Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that its investment decision to acquire the Securities has been made solely on the basis of publicly available information regarding the Company, including publicly available information regarding the recently disclosed business combination transaction between the Company and TalenTec Sdn. Bhd. Purchaser further represents and warrants that it has not been provided with, nor has it relied upon, any non-public or material non-public information in making its investment decision, including any such information in respect of TalenTec Sdn Bhd., such as its audited financial statements.

The Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect Purchasers right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties contained in any other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

18

ARTICLE IV

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1 Conversion Shares. The Purchaser agrees that the Preferred Stock and, until the Registration Statement is declared effective, any Conversion Shares, issued pursuant to Regulation S, shall each bear legends stating that transfer of those Securities is restricted, substantially as follows:

THIS SECURITY [AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS SECURITY] ARE BEING OFFERED TO INVESTORS WHO ARE NOT U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT)) AND WITHOUT REGISTRATION WITH THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT IN RELIANCE UPON REGULATION S PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY [AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS SECURITY] IS PROHIBITED, EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF REGULATION S, PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR PURSUANT TO AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION. HEDGING TRANSACTIONS MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT.

4.2 Acknowledgment of Dilution. The Company acknowledges that the issuance of the Securities may result in dilution of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, which dilution may be substantial under certain market conditions. The Company further acknowledges that its obligations under the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, its obligation to issue the Conversion Shares pursuant to the Transaction Documents, are unconditional and absolute and not subject to any right of set off, counterclaim, delay or reduction, regardless of the effect of any such dilution or any claim the Company may have against Purchaser and regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have on the ownership of the other stockholders of the Company.

4.3 Furnishing of Information; Public Information. The Company covenants to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

4.4 Integration. The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.5 Conversion Procedures. The form of Notice of Conversion included in the Certificate of Designations set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Purchaser in order to convert the Preferred Stock. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Conversion form be required in order to convert the Preferred Stock. No additional information or instructions shall be required of the Purchaser to convert their Preferred Stock. The Company shall honor conversions of the Preferred Stock and shall deliver Conversion Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents.

19

4.6 Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by the Disclosure Time, issue a press release disclosing the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto, with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. . In addition, effective upon the issuance of such press release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees, Affiliates or agents, shall terminate and be of no further force or effect. The Company understands and confirms that Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. The Company and Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of Purchaser, or without the prior consent of Purchaser, with respect to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of Purchaser, or include the name of Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of Purchaser, except: (a) as required by federal securities law in connection with the filing of final Transaction Documents with the Commission and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchaser with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b) and reasonably cooperate with Purchaser regarding such disclosure.

4.7 Shareholder Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that Purchaser is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that Purchaser could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchaser.

4.8 Indemnification of Purchaser. Subject to the subsections of this Section 4.8, the Company will indemnify and hold Purchaser and its directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls Purchaser (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating to (a) any inaccuracy in or breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such Purchaser Partys representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct) or (c) in connection with the Registration Statement of the Company to be filed providing for the resale by the Purchaser of the Conversion Shares, the Company will indemnify Purchaser, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities,

20

costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses, as incurred, arising out of or relating to (i) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in such Registration Statement, any Prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, except to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statements or omissions are based solely upon information regarding Purchaser furnished in writing to the Company by Purchaser expressly for use therein, or (ii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder in connection therewith.). If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed within ten days after notice from the Purchaser Party to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.8 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

4.9 Reservation and Listing of Securities.

(a) The Company shall maintain a reserve from its duly authorized shares of Common Stock for issuance pursuant to the Transaction Documents in such amount as may then be required to fulfill its obligations in full under the Transaction Documents.

(b) If, on any date, the number of authorized but unissued (and otherwise unreserved) shares of Common Stock is less than the Required Minimum on such date, then the Board of Directors shall use commercially reasonable efforts to amend the Companys certificate or articles of incorporation to increase the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to at least the Required Minimum at such time, as soon as possible and in any event not later than the 75th day after such date.

(c) The Company shall, if applicable: (i) in the time and manner required by the principal Trading Market, prepare and file with such Trading Market an additional shares listing application covering a number of shares of Common Stock at least equal to the Required Minimum on the date of such application, (ii) take all steps necessary to cause such shares of Common Stock to be approved for listing or quotation on such Trading Market as soon as possible thereafter, (iii) provide to the Purchaser evidence of such listing or quotation and (iv) maintain the listing or quotation of such Common Stock on any date at least equal to the Required Minimum on such date on such Trading Market or another Trading Market. The Company agrees to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation,

21

by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer. In addition, at the Companys next shareholder meeting to be held (which may also be at the annual meeting of shareholders) the Company shall put forth and include in its proxy statement a proposal for the purpose of obtaining Shareholder Approval, with the recommendation of the Companys Board of Directors that such proposal be approved, and the Company shall solicit proxies from its shareholders in connection therewith in the same manner as all other management proposals in such proxy statement and all management-appointed proxyholders shall vote their proxies in favor of such proposal. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain such Shareholder Approval. If the Company does not obtain Shareholder Approval at the first meeting, the Company shall seek Shareholder Approval at each subsequent shareholder meeting until the earlier of the date Shareholder Approval is obtained or the Preferred Stock is no longer outstanding.

4.10 Subsequent Equity Sales.

(a) From the date hereof until September 12, 2025, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive, additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit or an at-the-market offering, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined price. Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.

(b) Unless Shareholder Approval has been obtained and deemed effective, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall make any issuance whatsoever of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents which would cause any adjustment of the Conversion Price to the extent the holders of Preferred Stock would not be permitted, pursuant to Section 6(c) of the Certificate of Designation to convert their respective outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, in full, ignoring for such purposes the other conversion limitations therein. Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages. For further clarity, notwithstanding the foregoing the Company and its Subsidiaries are not precluded from issuing securities in a Subsequent Financing that does not require shareholder approval, but such Subsequent Financings are not excluded from the dilutive adjustment mechanisms of the Preferred Stock to the extent such are otherwise applicable.

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.10 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate Transaction shall be an Exempt Issuance.

4.11 Participation in Future Financing.

(a) From the date hereof until six months after the Closing Date, upon any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents for cash consideration, Indebtedness or a combination of units thereof (a Subsequent Financing), Purchaser shall have the right to participate therein up to an amount equal to 50% of the Subsequent Financing (the Participation Maximum) on the same terms, conditions and price provided for in the Subsequent Financing.

22

(b) At least five (5) Trading Days prior to the closing of the Subsequent Financing, the Company shall deliver to Purchaser a written notice of its intention to effect a Subsequent Financing (Pre-Notice), which Pre-Notice shall ask Purchaser if it wants to review the details of such financing (such additional notice, a Subsequent Financing Notice). Upon the request of Purchaser, and only upon a request by Purchaser, for a Subsequent Financing Notice, the Company shall promptly, but no later than one (1) Trading Day after such request, deliver a Subsequent Financing Notice to Purchaser. The Subsequent Financing Notice shall describe in reasonable detail the proposed terms of such Subsequent Financing, the amount of proceeds intended to be raised thereunder and the Person or Persons through or with whom such Subsequent Financing is proposed to be effected and shall include a term sheet or similar document relating thereto as an attachment.

(c) To participate in such Subsequent Financing, Purchaser must provide written notice to the Company, by not later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Trading Day after Purchaser has received the Pre-Notice, that Purchaser wishes to participate in the Subsequent Financing, the amount of Purchasers participation, and representing and warranting that Purchaser has such funds ready, willing, and available for investment on the terms set forth in the Subsequent Financing Notice. If the Company receives no such notice from Purchaser as of such fifth (5th) Trading Day, Purchaser shall be deemed to have notified the Company that it does not elect to participate.

(d) If by 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Trading Day after the Purchaser has received the Pre-Notice, notification by the Purchaser of its wish to participate in the Subsequent Financing (or to cause its designees to participate) is, in the aggregate, less than the total amount of the Participation Maximum, then the Company may effect the remaining portion of such Subsequent Financing on the terms and with the Persons set forth in the Subsequent Financing Notice.

(e) The Company must provide the Purchaser with a second Subsequent Financing Notice, and the Purchaser will again have the right of participation set forth above in this Section 4.11, if the Subsequent Financing subject to the initial Subsequent Financing Notice is not consummated for any reason on the terms set forth in such Subsequent Financing Notice within thirty (30) Trading Days after the date of the initial Subsequent Financing Notice.

(f) The Company and Purchaser agree that if Purchaser elects to participate in a Subsequent Financing, the transaction documents related to the Subsequent Financing shall not include any term or provision that, directly or indirectly, will, or is intended to, exclude Purchaser from participating in a Subsequent Financing, including, but not limited to, provisions whereby Purchaser shall be required to agree to any restrictions on trading as to any of the Securities purchased hereunder or be required to consent to any amendment to or termination of, or grant any waiver, release or the like under or in connection with, this Agreement, without the prior written consent of Purchaser.

(g) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 4.11 and unless otherwise agreed to by Purchaser, the Company shall either confirm in writing to Purchaser that the transaction with respect to the Subsequent Financing has been abandoned or shall publicly disclose its intention to issue the securities in the Subsequent Financing, in either case in such a manner such that Purchaser will not be in possession of any material, non-public information, by the tenth (10th) Business Day following delivery of the Subsequent Financing Notice. If by such tenth (10th) Business Day, no public disclosure regarding a transaction with respect to the Subsequent Financing has been made, and no notice regarding the abandonment of such transaction has been received by Purchaser, such transaction shall be deemed to have been abandoned and Purchaser shall not be deemed to be in possession of any material, non-public information with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

23

4.12 Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Purchaser covenants that neither it, nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.6. Purchaser covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.6, Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included in the Disclosure Schedules (other than as disclosed to its legal and other representatives). Notwithstanding the foregoing, and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) Purchaser makes no representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.6; (ii) Purchaser shall not be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.6; and (iii) Purchaser shall have no duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents after the issuance of the initial press release as described in Section 4.6. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Purchaser is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of Purchasers assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement.

ARTICLE V

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Fees and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any conversion notice delivered by Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchaser.

5.2 Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.3 Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto.

24

5.4 Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchaser or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.4 shall be binding upon Purchaser and holder of Securities and the Company.

5.5 Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

5.6 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of Purchaser (other than by merger). Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchaser.

5.7 No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.8.

5.8 Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.8, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.

5.9 Survival. The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities.

25

5.10 Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

5.11 Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.12 Rescission and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any of the other Transaction Documents, whenever Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document, and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then Purchaser may rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that in the case of a rescission of a conversion of the Preferred Stock, Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of Common Stock subject to any such rescinded conversion notice.

5.13 Replacement of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.14 Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, the Purchaser and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.

5.15 Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

26

5.16 Usury. To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever claim, and will resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, in connection with any Action or Proceeding that may be brought by Purchaser in order to enforce any right or remedy under any Transaction Document. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in any Transaction Document, it is expressly agreed and provided that the total liability of the Company under the Transaction Documents for payments in the nature of interest shall not exceed the maximum lawful rate authorized under applicable law (the Maximum Rate), and, without limiting the foregoing, in no event shall any rate of interest or default interest, or both of them, when aggregated with any other sums in the nature of interest that the Company may be obligated to pay under the Transaction Documents exceed such Maximum Rate. It is agreed that if the maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law and applicable to the Transaction Documents is increased or decreased by statute or any official governmental action subsequent to the date hereof, the new maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law will be the Maximum Rate applicable to the Transaction Documents from the Closing Date thereof forward, unless such application is precluded by applicable law. If under any circumstances whatsoever, interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to Purchaser with respect to indebtedness evidenced by the Transaction Documents, such excess shall be applied by Purchaser to the unpaid principal balance of any such indebtedness or be refunded to the Company, the manner of handling such excess to be at Purchasers election.

5.17 Liquidated Damages. The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction Documents is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts have been paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts are due and payable shall have been canceled.

5.18 Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

5.19 Construction. The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

5.20 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

(Signature Pages Follow)

27

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above.

TITAN PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. Address for Notice:

Titan Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

c/o Brynner Chiam

By: /s/ Chay Weei Jye 10 East 53rd Street, Suite 3001

Name: Chay Weei Jye New York, NY 10022

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

E-mail:

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Olshan Frome Wolosky LLP

Attn: Kenneth A. Schlesinger, Esq.

1325 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10019 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

28

PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

PURCHASER:

Blue Harbour Asset Management L.L.C-FZ 

Address for Notice: Meydan Grandstand, 6th Floor

Meydan Road, And Al Sheba, Dubai, U.A.E.

By: /s/ Yeoh Xian Yee 

Name: Yeoh Xian Yee 

Title: Director 

E-mail:

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

29
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>titanpharma_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of March 29, 2025 by and between TITAN PHARMACEUTICALS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Purchaser (as defined below) (the Investor).

WITNESSETH

WHEREAS:

A. In connection with the Securities Purchase Agreement between the parties of even date (the Securities Purchase Agreement), the Company has agreed to issue and sell to the Investor 100,000 shares of Companys Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Convertible Preferred), convertible into shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock) (as converted, the Conversion Shares).

B. To induce the Investor to execute and deliver the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to provide certain registration rights under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder, or any similar successor statute (collectively, the Securities Act), and applicable state securities laws and other rights as provided for herein.

AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE, the Company and the Investor hereby agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS.

As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

(b) Fundamental Transaction has the meaning given the term in the Certificate of Designations for the Convertible Preferred.

(c) Person means a corporation, a limited liability company, an association, a partnership, an organization, a business, an individual, a governmental or political subdivision thereof or a governmental agency.

(d) Prospectus means the prospectus included in a Registration Statement (including, without limitation, a prospectus that includes any information previously omitted from a prospectus filed as part of an effective registration statement in reliance upon Securities Act Rule 430A), as amended or supplemented by any prospectus supplement, that is a part of the Registration Statement, and all other amendments and supplements to the Prospectus, including post-effective amendments, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such Prospectus.

(e) Purchaser has the meaning ascribed to such defined term in the Securities Purchase Agreement.

(f) Registrable Securities means all of (i) the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Preferred, (ii) the additional shares issuable in connection with any anti-dilution provisions of the Convertible Preferred (without regard to any restrictions on conversion contained in the Convertible Preferred), and (iii) any shares of Common Stock issued or issuable with respect to any shares described in clauses (i) and (ii) above by way of any stock split, stock dividend or other distribution, recapitalization or similar event or otherwise (in each case without regard to any restrictions on conversion contained in the Convertible Preferred).

(g) Registration Statement means any registration statement filed pursuant to this Agreement, including the Prospectus, amendments and supplements to such registration statement or Prospectus, including post-effective amendments, all exhibits thereto, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such registration statement.

(h) Rule 144 means Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any successor rule.

(i) SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

(j) Trading Day means a day on which the principal United States securities market on which the Common Stock is traded or quoted is open.

2. REGISTRATION.

(a) The Companys registration obligations stated in this Section 2, including its obligations, as set forth herein, to file and obtain and maintain effectiveness of the Registration Statement, shall begin on the date hereof and continue until all the Registrable Securities have been sold or may be sold without any restrictions pursuant to Rule 144, as determined by the counsel to the Company pursuant to a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed and reasonably acceptable to the Companys transfer agent (the Registration Period). No Registration Statement shall register any security other than the Registrable Securities.

(b)Within 10 days after the Company consummates a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the Certificate of Designations for the Convertible Preferred), the Company shall file a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (or, if the Company is ineligible to file on Form S-3, then on Form S-1) with respect to Investors resale of the Registrable Securities, and the Company shall use reasonable best efforts to cause the registration statement to be declared effective by the closing of the Fundamental Transaction. The Registration Statement (and any amendment or supplement) shall contain Selling Stockholders and Plan of Distribution sections, as specified by Investor. The Company shall use its best efforts to have the Registration Statement declared effective by the SEC as soon as practicable, but in no event later than the closing of the Fundamental Transaction (Initial Effectiveness Date). By 9:30 a.m., New York time, on the Trading Day following the Initial Effectiveness Date, the Company shall file with the SEC, in accordance with Securities Act Rule 424 (Rule 424), the final Prospectus to be used in connection with sales pursuant to the Registration Statement. Before filing the Registration Statement, the Company shall furnish a draft of it to the Investor for its review and comment. The Company shall include Investors reasonable comments in the Registration Statement given within 48 hours of the receipt thereof from the Company.

(c) During the Registration Period, subject to Section 2(d), the Company shall, promptly, (i) prepare and file with the SEC such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to the Registration Statement and related Prospectus to be filed pursuant to Rule 424, as may be necessary to keep such Registration Statement effective at all times during the Registration Period, including with respect to changes in the Selling Stockholders and Plan of Distribution sections, as specified by the Investor; (ii) cause the related Prospectus to be amended or supplemented by any required Prospectus supplement (subject to the terms of this Agreement) and, as so supplemented or amended, 

2

to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (iii) respond to any comments received from the SEC with respect to the Registration Statement or any amendment thereto and as promptly as reasonably possible provide the Investor true and complete copies of all correspondence from and to the SEC relating to the Registration Statement; and (iv) comply with the provisions of the Securities Act with respect to the disposition of all Registrable Securities of the Company covered by such Registration Statement until such time as all of such Registrable Securities shall have been disposed of in accordance with the intended methods of disposition by the seller or sellers thereof as set forth in the Registration Statement. In the case of amendments and supplements to the Registration Statement required to be filed pursuant to this Agreement (including pursuant to this Section 2(c)) by reason of the Companys filing a report on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, or Form 8-K or any analogous report under the Securities Exchange Act, the Company shall incorporate such report by reference into the Registration Statement, if applicable, or shall file such amendments or supplements with the SEC on the same day on which the Exchange Act report is filed which created the requirement for the Company to amend or supplement the Registration Statement.

(d) Beginning 60 days after effectiveness of the Registration Statement, upon the advice of Company counsel in the form of a written opinion, for not more than 20 consecutive days or for a total of not more than 30 days in any 12-month period, the Company may suspend the use of any Prospectus included in the Registration Statement if the Company determines in good faith that such suspension is necessary to (i) delay the disclosure of material nonpublic information concerning the Company, the disclosure of which at the time is not, in the good faith opinion of the Company, in the best interests of the Company or (ii) amend or supplement the Registration Statement or Related Prospectus so that the Registration Statement or Prospectus does not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the case of the Prospectus in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (an Allowed Delay); provided, that the Company shall promptly (x) notify the Investor in writing of the commencement (and the termination) of an Allowed Delay, but shall not (without the prior written consent of the Investor) disclose to the Investor any material nonpublic information giving rise to an Allowed Delay, (y) advise the Investor in writing to cease all sales under such Registration Statement until the end of the Allowed Delay, and (z) use its best efforts to terminate an Allowed Delay as promptly as practicable.

(e) For any calendar month or part of a month (Delay Period) that the Registration Statement has not been declared effective by the Initial Effectiveness Date, or, subject to Section 2(d), the Registration Statement is not effective or the Prospectus cannot be used or has not been filed pursuant to Rule 424, the Company shall, on the first day of each calendar month following the month in which a Delay Period occurs, pay Investor, as liquidated damages, and not as penalty, an amount equal to the product obtained by multiplying $20,000 by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of days in that Delay Period, and the denominator of which is 30.

3. RELATED OBLIGATIONS.

(a) The Company shall, not less than three Trading Days prior to the filing of the Registration Statement, and not less than two Trading Days prior to the filing of any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement (except for annual reports on Form 10-K, supplements and amendments to update the Registration Statement solely for information reflected in the Companys annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, or current reports on Form 8-K), furnish to the Investor copies of all such documents proposed to be filed, which documents (other than those incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference) will be subject to the reasonable and prompt review of the Investor. The Company shall not file the Registration Statement or any such Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto to which the Investor shall reasonably object in good faith; provided that, the Company is notified of such objection in writing no later than two Trading Days after the Investor has been so furnished copies of a Registration Statement.

3

(b) The Company shall furnish to the Investor, without charge, (i) an electronic copy of the Registration Statement as declared effective by the SEC and any amendment(s) thereto, including financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated therein by reference, all exhibits and each preliminary prospectus, (ii) an electronic of the final Prospectus included in such Registration Statement and each amendment and supplement thereto (or such other number of copies as the Investor may reasonably request), and (iii) such other documents that are not publicly available through EDGAR, as Investor may reasonably request from time to time to facilitate Investors disposition of Registrable Securities.

(c) The Company shall use its best efforts to (i) register and qualify the Registrable Securities under such other securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as the Investor reasonably requests; (ii) prepare and file in those jurisdictions, such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to such registrations and qualifications as may be necessary to maintain the effectiveness thereof during the Registration Period; (iii) take such other actions as may be necessary to maintain such registrations and qualifications in effect at all times during the Registration Period; and (iv) take all other actions reasonably necessary or advisable to qualify the Registrable Securities for sale in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition thereto to (w) make any change to its articles of incorporation or by-laws, (x) qualify to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this Section 3(c), (y) subject itself to general taxation in any such jurisdiction, or (z) file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction. The Company shall promptly notify the Investor of Companys receipt of any notification with respect to the suspension of the registration or qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale under the securities or blue sky laws of any jurisdiction in the United States or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threat of any proceeding for such purpose.

(d) At any time prior to the end of the Registration Period, as promptly as practicable after becoming aware of such event or development, the Company shall notify the Investor in writing of the happening of any event as a result of which the Prospectus included in the Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (provided that in no event shall such notice contain any material, nonpublic information) and promptly prepare a supplement or amendment to the Registration Statement to correct such untrue statement or omission, and deliver copies of such supplement or amendment to the Investor, in accordance herewith. The Company shall also promptly notify the Investor in writing (i) when a Prospectus or any Prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment has been filed, and when a Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment has become effective (notification of such effectiveness shall be delivered to the Investor by facsimile or email on the same day of such effectiveness), (ii) of any request by the SEC for amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement or related Prospectus or related information, and (iii) of the Companys reasonable determination that a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement would be appropriate.

(e) The Company shall use its best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or other suspension of effectiveness of the Registration Statement, or the suspension of the qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction within the United States of America, and, if such an order or suspension is issued, to obtain the withdrawal of such order or suspension at the earliest possible moment and to notify the Investor who holds Registrable Securities being sold of the issuance of such order and the resolution thereof or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threat of any proceeding for such purpose.

4

(f) The Company shall hold in confidence and not make any disclosure of information concerning the Investor provided to the Company unless (i) disclosure of such information is necessary to comply with federal or state securities laws, (ii) the disclosure of such information is necessary to avoid or correct a misstatement or omission in any Registration Statement, (iii) the release of such information is ordered pursuant to a subpoena or other final, non-appealable order from a court or governmental body of competent jurisdiction, or (iv) such information has been made generally available to the public other than by disclosure in violation of this Agreement or any other agreement. The Company agrees that it shall, upon learning that disclosure of such information concerning the Investor is sought in or by a court or governmental body of competent jurisdiction or through other means, give prompt written notice to the Investor and allow the Investor, at the Investors expense, to undertake appropriate action to prevent disclosure of, or to obtain a protective order for, such information.

(g) The Company shall use its best efforts to cause all the Registrable Securities to be listed on each securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed or qualified for quotation on any market in which the Common Stock is to be quoted. The Company shall pay all fees and expenses in connection with satisfying its obligation under this Section 3(g).

(h) The Company shall cooperate with holders of Registrable Securities to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates representing the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant to such Registration Statement or Rule 144 free of any restrictive legends and representing such number of shares of Common Stock and registered in such names as the holders of the Registrable Securities may reasonably request a reasonable period of time prior to sales of Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement or Rule; provided, that the Company may satisfy its obligations hereunder without issuing physical stock certificates through the use of The Depository Trust Companys Direct Registration System.

(i) The Company shall use its best efforts to cause the Registrable Securities to be registered with or approved by such other governmental agencies or authorities as may be necessary to consummate the disposition of such Registrable Securities.

(j) The Company shall otherwise use its best efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the SEC in connection with any registration hereunder.

(k) Within one Trading Day after the Registration Statement is declared effective, the Company shall deliver, and shall cause legal counsel for the Company to deliver, to the transfer agent for such Registrable Securities (with copies to the Investor) confirmation that the Registration Statement has been declared effective by the SEC.

(l) The Company shall take all other reasonable actions necessary to expedite and facilitate disposition by the Investor of Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement.

4. OBLIGATIONS OF THE INVESTOR.

(a) The Investor agrees that, upon receipt of notice from the Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in Section 2(d), the Investor will immediately discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement until the Investors receipt of the copies of the supplemented or amended Prospectus contemplated by Section 2(d) or notice that no supplement or amendment is required. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, subject to compliance with the securities laws, the Company shall cause its transfer agent to deliver unlegended certificates for shares of Common Stock to an Investor transferee in connection with any unsettled sale of Registrable Securities entered into before the Investor received notice from the Company of the happening of the event of the kind described in Section 2(d) and for which the Investor has not yet settled.

5

(b) The Investor covenants and agrees that it will comply with the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act as applicable to it or an exemption therefrom in connection with sales of Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement.

5. EXPENSES OF REGISTRATION.

Each party shall bear its own fees and expenses related to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, all expenses incurred by the Company in complying with its obligations pursuant to this Agreement and in connection with the registration and disposition of Registrable Securities shall be paid by the Company, including, without limitation, all registration, listing, and qualification fees, printers expenses, and fees and expenses of the Companys counsel and accountants (except legal fees of Investors counsel associated with the review of the Registration Statement). The Investor shall pay any sales or brokerage commissions and fees and expenses of counsel for, and other expenses of, the Investor incurred in connection with registration of the Registrable Securities.

6. INDEMNIFICATION.

With respect to Registrable Securities and the Registration Statement:

(a) To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company shall, and hereby does, indemnify, hold harmless and defend the Investor, the directors, officers, partners, employees, agents, representatives of, and each Person, if any, who controls the Investor within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (each, an Indemnified Person), against any losses, claims, damages, liabilities, judgments, fines, penalties, charges, costs, reasonable attorneys fees, amounts paid in settlement or expenses, joint or several (collectively, Claims) incurred in investigating, preparing or defending any action, claim, suit, inquiry, proceeding, investigation or appeal taken from the foregoing by or before any court or governmental, administrative or other regulatory agency, body or the SEC, whether pending or threatened, whether or not an indemnified party is or may be a party thereto (Indemnified Damages), to which any of them may become subject, insofar as such Claims (or actions or proceedings, whether commenced or threatened, in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon: (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact in the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto or in any filing made in connection with the qualification of the offering under the securities or other blue sky laws of any jurisdiction in which Registrable Securities are offered (Blue Sky Filing), or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any final prospectus (as amended or supplemented) or the omission or alleged omission to state therein any material fact necessary to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which the statements therein were made, not misleading; or (iii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, any other law, including, without limitation, any state securities law, or any rule or regulation there under relating to the offer or sale of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement (the matters in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iii) being, collectively, Violations). The Company shall reimburse the Investor and each such controlling Person, promptly as such expenses are incurred and are due and payable, for any legal fees or disbursements or other reasonable expenses incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the indemnification agreement contained in this Section 6(a) and the agreement with respect to contribution contained in Section 7: (x) shall not apply to a Claim by an Indemnified Person arising out of or based upon a Violation occurring in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company by that Indemnified Person expressly for use in connection with the preparation of the Registration Statement or any such amendment thereof or supplement thereto; (y) shall not be available to the extent such Claim is based on a failure of the Investor to deliver or to cause to be delivered the Prospectus made available by the Company, if the Prospectus was timely made available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(b); and (z) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected without the prior written consent of the Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Indemnified Person.

6

(b) The Investor agrees to indemnify, hold harmless, and defend, to the same extent and in the same manner as is set forth in Section 6(a), the Company, each of its directors, each of its officers, employees, representatives, or agents and each Person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (each an Indemnified Party), against any Claim or Indemnified Damages to which any of them may become subject, under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, insofar as the Claim or Indemnified Damages arise out of or is based upon any Violation, in each case to the extent, and only to the extent, that such Violation occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by the Investor expressly for use in connection with such Registration Statement; and the Investor will reimburse any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by them, promptly as such expenses are incurred and are due and payable, in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim; provided, however, that the indemnity agreement contained in this Section 6(b) and the agreement with respect to contribution contained in Section 7 shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected without the prior written consent of the Investor, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld; provided, further, however, that the Investor shall be liable under this Section 6(b) for only that amount of a Claim or Indemnified Damages that does not exceed the net proceeds to the Investor received from the sale pursuant to the Registration Statement of Registrable Securities to which the Claim or Indemnified Damages relate. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of such Indemnified Party. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the indemnification agreement contained in this Section 6(b) with respect to any Prospectus shall not inure to the benefit of any Indemnified Party if the untrue statement or omission of material fact contained in the Prospectus was corrected and such new Prospectus was delivered to the Investor prior to the Investors use of the Prospectus to which the Claim or Indemnified Damages relates.

(c) Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party of notice of the commencement of any action or proceeding (including any governmental action or proceeding) involving a Claim, such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party shall, if a Claim in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section 6, deliver to the indemnifying party a written notice of the commencement thereof, and the indemnifying party shall have the right to participate in, and, to the extent the indemnifying party so desires, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly noticed, to assume control of the defense thereof with counsel mutually satisfactory to the indemnifying party and the Indemnified Person or the Indemnified Party, as the case may be; provided, however, that an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party shall have the right to retain its own counsel with the fees and expenses of not more than one counsel for such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party to be paid by the indemnifying party, if, in the reasonable opinion of counsel retained by the indemnifying party, the representation by such counsel of the Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and the indemnifying party would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and any other party represented by such counsel in such proceeding. The Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person shall cooperate fully with the indemnifying party in connection with any negotiation or defense of any such action or claim by the indemnifying party and shall furnish to the indemnifying party all information reasonably available to the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person relating to the action or Claim. The indemnifying party shall keep the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person fully apprised at all times as to the status of the defense or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto. No indemnifying party shall be liable for any settlement of any action or Claim effected without its prior written consent; provided, however, that the indemnifying party shall not unreasonably withhold, delay or condition its consent. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement or other compromise that does not include, as an unconditional term thereof, the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation. Following indemnification as provided for hereunder, the indemnifying party shall be subrogated to all rights of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person with respect to all third parties relating to the matter for which indemnification has been made. The failure to deliver written notice to the indemnifying party within a reasonable time of the commencement of any such action shall not relieve such indemnifying party of any liability to the Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party, except to the extent that the indemnifying party is prejudiced in its ability to defend such action.

7

(d) The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to (i) any cause of action or similar right of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person against the indemnifying party or others, and (ii) any liabilities the indemnifying party may be subject to pursuant to the law.

7. CONTRIBUTION.

To the extent any indemnification by an indemnifying party is prohibited or limited by law, the indemnifying party agrees to make the maximum contribution with respect to any amounts for which it would otherwise be liable under Section 6 to the fullest extent permitted by law; provided, however, that: (i) no seller of Registrable Securities guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any seller of Registrable Securities who was not guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation; and (ii) contribution by any seller of Registrable Securities shall be limited in amount to the net amount of proceeds received by such seller from the sale of such Registrable Securities.

8. REPORTS UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT.

With a view to making available to the Investor the benefits of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act or any similar rule or regulation of the SEC that may at any time permit the Investor to sell securities of the Company to the public without registration, and as a material inducement to the Investors purchase of the Convertible Preferred, the Company represents, warrants, and covenants to the following:

(a) The Company is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and has filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the 12 months prior to the date hereof (or for such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports), other than Form 8-K reports.

(b) During the Registration Period, the Company shall file with the SEC in a timely manner all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (it being understood that nothing herein shall limit the Companys obligations under the Securities Purchase Agreement), and such reports shall conform to the requirement of the Exchange Act and the SEC for filing thereunder.

(c) The Company shall furnish to the Investor as long as the Investor owns Registrable Securities, promptly upon request, (i) a written statement by the Company that it has complied with the reporting requirements of Rule 144, (ii) a copy of the most recent annual or quarterly report of the Company and such other reports and documents so filed by the Company, and (iii) such other information as may be reasonably requested to permit the Investor to sell such securities pursuant to Rule 144 without registration.

8

9. AMENDMENT OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

Provisions of this Agreement may be amended and the observance thereof may be waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively), only with the written consent of the Company and Investor. Any amendment or waiver effected in accordance with this Section 9 shall be binding upon the Investor and the Company. No such amendment shall be effective to the extent that it applies to fewer than all of the holders of the Registrable Securities. No consideration shall be offered or paid to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of any of this Agreement unless the same consideration also is offered to all of the parties to this Agreement.

10. MISCELLANEOUS.

(a) A Person is deemed to be a holder of Registrable Securities whenever such Person owns or is deemed to own of record such Registrable Securities or owns the right to receive the Registrable Securities. If the Company receives conflicting instructions, notices or elections from two or more Persons with respect to the same Registrable Securities, the Company shall act upon the basis of instructions, notice or election received from the registered owner of such Registrable Securities.

(b) The Company shall not file any other registration statement on Form S-3, Form S-1, or otherwise until the initial Registration Statement required hereunder is declared effective by the SEC, provided that this Section 10(b) shall not prohibit the Company from filing amendments to registration statements already filed.

(c) Any notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed to have been delivered pursuant to the notice provisions of the Securities Purchase Agreement or to such other address and/or electronic mail address and/or to the attention of such other person as the recipient party has specified by written notice given to each other party five (5) days prior to the effectiveness of such change. Written confirmation of receipt (i) given by the recipient of such notice, consent, waiver or other communication, (ii) electronically generated by the senders email service provider containing the time, date, and recipient email or (iii) provided by a courier or overnight courier service shall be rebuttable evidence of personal service, receipt by facsimile or receipt from a nationally recognized overnight delivery service in accordance with this section.

(d) Failure of any party to exercise any right or remedy under this Agreement or otherwise, or delay by a party in exercising such right or remedy, shall not operate as a waiver thereof.

(e) The laws of the State of Delaware shall govern all issues concerning the relative rights of the Company and the Investor as its stockholder. All other questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the State of New York, sitting in New York County, New York and federal courts for the Southern District of New York sitting New York, New York, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to such party at the address for such notices to it

9

under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. If any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement in that jurisdiction or the validity or enforceability of any provision of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

(f) This Agreement and the rights, duties and obligations of the Investor hereunder may only be assigned upon the transfer of Convertible Preferred or Conversion Shares pursuant to any applicable terms and restrictions on transfer set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement and the Convertible Preferred. This Agreement and the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of each of the parties and its successors and the permitted assigns of the parties. No assignment by any party hereto of such partys rights, duties and obligations hereunder shall be binding upon or obligate the Company unless and until the Company shall have received (i) written notice of such assignment and (ii) the written agreement of the assignee, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to be bound by the terms and provisions of this Agreement (which may be accomplished by an addendum or certificate of joinder to this Agreement).

(g) The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof.

(h) This Agreement may be executed in identical counterparts, both which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party. Facsimile or other electronically scanned and delivered signatures (including any electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com), including by e-mail attachment, shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes of this Agreement.

(i) Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

(j) The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party.

(k) This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person.

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

10

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Investor and the Company have caused their signature page to this Registration Rights Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

COMPANY:

TITAN PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

By: 

/s/ Chay Weei Jye

Name: Chay Weei Jye

Title: Chief Executive Officer

INVESTOR:

Blue Harbour Asset Management L.L.C-FZ 

By: /s/ Yeoh Xian Yee

Name: Yeoh Xian Yee

Title: Director 

11
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ttnp-20250326.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ttnp-20250326_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ttnp-20250326_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 26, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 26, 2025

Entity File Number 001-13341

Entity Registrant Name Titan Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0000910267

Entity Tax Identification Number 94-3171940

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 10 East 53rd St.

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 3001

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10022

City Area Code (786)

Local Phone Number 769-7512

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share

Trading Symbol TTNP

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://ttnp/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

titanpharma_8k.htm 
ttnp-20250326.xsd 
ttnp-20250326_lab.xml 
ttnp-20250326_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001829126-25-002284-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>titanpharma_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000910267 

2025-03-26 
2025-03-26 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000910267 
8-K 
2025-03-26 
Titan Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
DE 
001-13341 
94-3171940 
10 East 53rd St. 
Suite 3001 
New York 
NY 
10022 
(786) 
769-7512 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share 
TTNP 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>