<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-002367.txt : 20250402
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-002367.hdr.sgml : 20250402
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250402161032
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-002367
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250331
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250402
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250402

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RANGE IMPACT, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001438943
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HEAVY CONSTRUCTION OTHER THAN BUILDING CONST - CONTRACTORS [1600]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		EIN:				753268988
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53832
		FILM NUMBER:		25804534

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			CLEVELAND
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44122
		BUSINESS PHONE:		530-231-7800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			CLEVELAND
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44122

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MALACHITE INNOVATIONS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20211012

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Vitality Biopharma, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160721

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Stevia First Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111020
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000143894300014389432025-03-312025-03-31iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 OR 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of report (Date of earliest event reported): March 31, 2025

RANGE
IMPACT, INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 000-53832 75-3268988

(State
or other jurisdiction (Commission (I.R.S.
Employer

of
incorporation) File
Number) Identification
No.)

200
Park Avenue, Suite 400 

Cleveland,
Ohio 44122

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (216)304-6556

Not
Applicable

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class: Trading
Symbol Name
of each exchange on which registered:

Common
Stock RNGE OTC
Markets

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
March 31, 2025, Range Sky View Land LLC (Range Sky), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Range Impact, Inc. (the Company),
entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement (Purchase Agreement) with AppleAtcha Land, LLC (AppleAtcha)
and WV Reclaim Co, LLC (Reclaim, and collectively with AppleAtcha, the Sellers) pursuant to which
Range Sky agreed to purchase and assume, among other things: (i) approximately 120,000 acres of real property interests
located in Clay and Nicholas Counties, West Virginia, associated with the Fola Mining Complex, one of the largest mining complexes
in Appalachia (the Fola Mine Complex), including surface land and mineral interest owned by Sellers;
(ii) certain real property agreements, including surface leases and solar leases, associated with the Fola Mine Complex;
(iii) certain coal royalty and overriding royalty agreements associated with the Fola Mine Complex; (iv) certain equipment and
other personal property located at the Fola Mine Complex; (v) related accounts receivable owing to Sellers; and (vi) to the extent
transferrable and subject to all required governmental approvals, fifteen (15) permits associated with the Fola Mine Complex
((i) through (vi) collectively, the Purchased Assets) in exchange for $2,958,516 (Purchase Consideration)
comprised of (a) certain assumed liabilities relating to the Purchased Assets and (b) a credit against the amounts owed by Sellers to
Range and its subsidiaries for the provision of various reclamation, mining and security services provided at the Fola Mine Complex.
The Purchase Agreement contains terms, conditions, covenants, indemnification provisions, and representations and warranties from
each of the respective parties that are customary and typical for a transaction of this nature.

AppleAtcha
is a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Fola Landholding, LLC (Fola Holding). Fola Holding is 80%-owned by Tower IV, LLC, an investment entity 100%-owned
by the immediate family of Joseph E. LoConti, the Companys largest shareholder (LoConti). LoConti
is a manager of Fola Holding and AppleAtcha. Devica Capital, LLC (Devica), owns the remaining 20% of Fola
Holding. Michael Cavanaugh, the Companys Chief Executive Officer and member of the Companys board of directors and
a manager of Fola Holding and AppleAtcha, owns 100% of Devica. LoConti also owns approximately 7% of the outstanding stock
of Continental Heritage Holding Company (CHHC) which owns 80% of Continental Heritage Insurance Company, a specialty
insurance company that issued the reclamation bonds being assumed by the Company in connection with the transactions reflected
by the Purchase Agreement. Edward Feighan, the Companys Chairman of the Board, is a member of the board of directors of CHHC
and owns approximately 7% of the outstanding stock of CHHC.

The
foregoing description of the Purchase Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
full text of the Purchase Agreement and its exhibits and schedules attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1.

Item
2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

The
information set forth in Item 1.01 above is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01 in its entirety.

On
March 31, 2025, pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, Range Sky, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, acquired the Purchased Assets.

Item
8.01 Other Events.

Press
Release

On
April 2, 2025, the Company issued a press release related to the acquisition reflected by the Purchase Agreement.

A
copy of the press release is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

The
information in this Item 8.01 (including Exhibit 99.1) is furnished pursuant to Item 8.01 and shall not be deemed to be filed
for the purpose of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section.
This Current Report will not be deemed an admission as to the materiality of any information in this Current Report that is required
to be disclosed solely by Regulation FD.

Portions
of this Current Report may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995 that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Although the Company believes any such statements are based on reasonable
assumptions, there is no assurance that the actual outcomes will not be materially different due to a number of factors. Any such statements
are made in reliance on the safe harbor protections provided under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
Additional information about significant risks that may impact the Company is contained in the Companys filings with the Securities
and Exchange Commission and may be accessed at www.sec.gov. The Company is under no obligation, and expressly disclaims any obligation,
to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(b)
Pro Forma Financial Statements.

The
unaudited pro forma financial information required by this Item will be filed by amendment to this Current Report on Form 8-K not later
than 71 days after the date on which this Current Report on Form 8-K is required to be filed.

The
information set forth under this Item 9.01 is being furnished under Items 9.01 and 2.01 and shall not be deemed filed for
purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

(d)
Exhibits. The following is a list of the Exhibits filed with this report:

Exhibit
No. Description

10.1 Purchase
and Sale Agreement by and among AppleAtcha Land, LLC, WV Reclaim Co, LLC and Range Sky View Land, LLC, effective as of March
31, 2025

99.1 Press Release dated April 2, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

RANGE IMPACT, INC.

Dated:
April 2, 2025 By: /s/
Michael Cavanaugh

Name: 
Michael
Cavanaugh

Title: Chief
Executive Officer

EXHIBIT
INDEX

Exhibit
No. Description

10.1 Purchase
and Sale Agreement by and among AppleAtcha Land, LLC, WV Reclaim Co, LLC and Range Sky View Land, LLC, effective as of March
31, 2025

99.1 Press Release dated April 2, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

PURCHASE
AND SALE AGREEMENT

by
and among

APPLEATCHA
LAND, LLC,

a
Delaware limited liability company

and

WV
RECLAIM CO, LLC,

a
West Virginia limited liability company

collectively,
as Seller,

and

RANGE
SKY VIEW LAND LLC,

an
Ohio limited liability company

as
Buyer,

Effective
as of March 31, 2025

PURCHASE
AND SALE AGREEMENT

This
PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is entered into as of March 31, 2025 (the Effective
Date), by and among APPLEATCHA LAND, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (AppleAtcha)
and WV RECLAIM CO., LLC, a West Virginia limited liability company (WV Reclaim and together with AppleAtcha,
collectively, Seller), and RANGE SKY VIEW LAND LLC, an Ohio limited liability company (Buyer).
Buyer and Seller may be collectively referred to herein as the Parties or each individually as a Party.

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
AppleAtcha owns real and personal property interests in Clay and Nicholas Counties, West Virginia commonly associated with the Fola mining
operations (Fola Mine);

WHEREAS,
WV Reclaim owns thirty-six (36) permits (Fola Permits) associated with the Fola Mine;

WHEREAS,
Buyer is a newly-formed company focused on acquiring, reclaiming and repurposing the Fola Mine;

WHEREAS,
Seller desires to sell and convey, and Buyer desires to acquire and assume, certain assets associated with the Fola Mine and certain
related liabilities for the consideration and on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein, the benefits to be derived by each
Party and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I

DEFINITIONS
AND INTERPRETATION

1.1.Defined Terms. Capitalized
terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings set forth below.

Action
means any claim, action, cause of action, demand, lawsuit, arbitration, inquiry, audit, proceeding, litigation, citation, summons, subpoena
or investigation of any nature, civil, criminal, administrative, regulatory or otherwise, whether at law or in equity.

Affiliates
means, with respect to any Person, a Person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with such
Person. For purposes of this definition, control (including, with its correlative meaning, controlled by
and under common control with) means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction
of management or policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise, and such control
will be presumed if any Person owns fifty-one percent (51%) or more of the voting capital stock or other ownership interests, directly
or indirectly, of any other Person.

Agreement
has the meaning given in the Preamble.

Allocation
Schedule has the meaning given in Section 3.8.

AppleAtcha
has the meaning given in the Preamble.

Applicable
Law means any applicable statute, law (including any obligation arising under the common law), rule, regulation, ordinance,
order, code, ruling, writ, injunction, decree or other official act of or by any Governmental Body.

Assumed
Liabilities has the meaning given in Section 2.3.

1

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday or Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in Cleveland, Ohio are authorized
by Applicable Law to close.

Buyer
has the meaning given in the Preamble.

Buyer
Fundamental Reps has the meaning given in Section 6.1.

Buyer
Indemnification Cap has the meaning given in Section 6.3.

Buyer
Indemnified Parties has the meaning given in Section 6.2.

Buyer
Maximum Cap has the meaning given in Section 6.3.

Closing
has the meaning given in Section 3.1.

Closing
Date has the meaning given in Section 3.1.

Coal
Royalty Agreements has the meaning given in Section 2.1(c).

Consideration
has the meaning given in Section 3.2.

Contura
has the meaning given in Section 3.7.

Deed
has the meaning given in Section 3.4(b).

Direct
Claim has the meaning given in Section 6.5.

Effective
Date has the meaning given in the Preamble.

Encumbrances
means any lien, pledge, mortgage, deed of trust, security interest, attachment, judgment, easement, right of way, servitude, covenant,
encroachment, exception, reservation, lease, restriction, permit, condition, claim, charge, defect, hypothecation or irregularity, encumbrance
or any other adverse claim or similar encumbrance whatsoever.

Environmental
Laws means any Applicable Law relating to (i) the protection, preservation or conservation of the environment or natural
resources, (ii) the protection of human health and safety as it pertains to exposure to Hazardous Materials, or (iii) the handling, use,
presence, transport, disposal, treatment, storage, release, discharge or threatened release or discharge of any Hazardous Materials.

Excluded
Assets has the meaning given in Section 2.2.

Excluded
Coal Royalty Agreements has the meaning given in Section 2.2(c).

Excluded
Land Agreements has the meaning given in Section 2.2(b).

Excluded
Permits has the meaning given in Section 2.2(d).

Excluded
Permits Contingent Liability has the meaning given in Section 3.3.

Excluded
Personal Property has the meaning given in Section 2.2(e).

Excluded
Real Property has the meaning given in Section 2.2(a).

Fola
Mine has the meaning given in the Recitals.

Fola
Permits has the meaning given in the Recitals.

2

Governmental
Body means any (i) federal, state, local, municipal, or special purpose unit of government, (ii) governmental or quasi-governmental
authority of any nature, including any governmental or regulatory agency, branch, department, public official, commission, board, court
or other tribunal, or (iii) person or unit of government exercising, or entitled to exercise, any administrative, executive, judicial,
legislative, police, regulatory, or taxing authority or power of any nature.

Hazardous
Materials means any chemical, pollutant, contaminant, substance, material or waste, whether naturally occurring or manmade,
that (i) is identified, defined, characterized, listed, or otherwise regulated as hazardous, acutely hazardous, toxic, infectious, explosive,
radioactive, carcinogenic, ignitable, corrosive, or reactive, or (ii) is otherwise subject to regulation under Environmental Laws or
as to which Liabilities may be imposed under Environmental Laws. Hazardous Materials includes but is not limited to petroleum by-product,
natural gas liquids, natural gas, liquefied natural gas, chlorinated solvents, radioactive materials or wastes, asbestos in any form,
lead or lead-containing materials, urea formaldehyde foam insulation and polychlorinated biphenyls.

Indemnitee
has the meaning given in Section 6.4.

Indemnitor
has the meaning given in Section 6.4.

Land
Agreements has the meaning given in Section 2.1(b).

Liabilities
means any liability or obligation of whatever kind or nature (whether known or unknown, whether asserted or unasserted, whether absolute
or contingent, whether accrued or unaccrued, whether liquidated or unliquidated, and whether due or to become due, and regardless of
when asserted).

Losses
means any loss, Liability, demand, judgment, claim, Action, cause of action, cost, damage, deficiency, tax, penalty, fine or expense,
whether or not arising out of third-party claims (including interest, penalties, reasonable legal, consulting and other professional
fees and expenses, and all amounts paid in investigation, defense, settlement or enforcement of any of the foregoing).

New
Contura Agreement has the meaning given in Section 3.7.

Notice
of Violation means a written notice issued by any Governmental Body advising or alleging that Seller has violated any
Applicable Law, including any Environmental Law.

Owned
Real Property has the meaning given in Section 2.1(a).

Party
or Parties has the meaning given in the Preamble.

Permitted
Encumbrances means (i) Encumbrances for Taxes not yet due and payable, (ii) statutory landlords, mechanics,
carriers workmens, repairmens liens or other similar Encumbrances arising or incurred in the ordinary course of
business for amounts which are not yet due and payable, (iii) Encumbrances arising from zoning ordinances which are not violated by the
current use or occupancy of the Owned Real Property, and easements, licenses, permits, covenants and other minor restrictions of record
affecting title to the Owned Real Property which do not or would not materially impair the use or occupancy of such Owned Real Property
in the operation of the business conducted thereon.

Person
means any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, joint venture, trust, unincorporated association, corporation, limited liability
company, entity or Governmental Body.

Personal
Property has the meaning given in Section 2.1(e).

Purchased
Assets has the meaning given in Section 2.1.

Purchased
Permits has the meaning given in Section 2.1(d).

Range
Affiliates has the meaning given in Section 3.2.

Reclamation
Liabilities means all reclamation obligations and other related or similar obligations arising under any Governmental
Body with respect to the Fola Permits.

Retained
Liabilities has the meaning given in Section 2.4.

Seller
has the meaning given in the Preamble.

Seller
Fundamental Reps has the meaning given in Section 6.1.

Seller
Indemnification Cap has the meaning given in Section 6.2.

Seller
Indemnified Parties has the meaning given in Section 6.3.

Seller
Maximum Cap has the meaning given in Section 6.2.

Screaming
Eagle means Screaming Eagle Coal, LLC, a Kentucky limited liability company, which owns and operates a coal mining and
processing operation at the Fola Mine.

Taxes
means any foreign, federal, provincial, state, county, local or other income, sales, use, ad valorem, transfer, excise, franchise, real
and personal property, unmined mineral, gross receipt, capital stock, production, business and occupation, registration, profits, license,
lease, service, service use, disability, employment, unemployment, estimated, environmental, stamp, premium, real property gains, windfall
profits, customs, payroll, severance or withholding tax or other tax, duty, fee, assessment or charge imposed by any Governmental Body,
and any interest, additions or penalties related thereto.

Vaughan
Railroad means the real property and personal property transferred by AppleAtcha to Screaming Eagle pursuant to a Special
Warranty Deed and Bill of Sale, respectively, each dated November 30, 2024.

WV
Reclaim has the meaning given in the Preamble.

1.2. References
and Rules of Construction. All references in this Agreement to Exhibits, Schedules, Articles, and Sections refer to the
corresponding Exhibits, Schedules, Articles, and Sections of or to this Agreement unless expressly provided otherwise. Titles
appearing at the beginning of any Exhibits, Schedules, Articles or Sections are for convenience only, do not constitute any part of
this Agreement, and shall be disregarded in construing the language hereof. The words this Agreement,
herein, hereby, hereunder and hereof, and words of similar import, refer to
this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular Article or Section unless expressly so limited. The word including
means including without limitation. Any conflict in real and personal property interests erroneously listed in schedules associated
with Purchased Assets and Excluded Assets shall be deemed to be Excluded Assets under this
Agreement.

3

ARTICLE
II

ASSET
ACQUISITION

2.1. Asset
Acquisition. Upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Seller agrees to sell, assign, transfer, convey and deliver to
Buyer, and Buyer agrees to purchase, free and clear of all Encumbrances (other than Permitted Encumbrances), all of Sellers
right, title and interest in, to and under all of the assets, properties and rights of every kind and nature, whether real, personal
or mixed, tangible or intangible, located at the Fola Mine, other than the Excluded Assets (collectively, the Purchased
Assets), including all of the following:

(a)
All real property, including surface property, coal and any substances owned by Seller, together with all rights, easements and privileges
appurtenant thereto or associated therewith, as identified on Schedule 2.1(a) (collectively, the Owned Real Property);

(b)
All real property agreements, including surface leases and solar leases, including any amounts due and owing to Seller thereunder, as
identified on Schedule 2.1(b) (collectively, the Land Agreements);

(c)
All coal royalty and overriding royalty agreements, including any amounts due and owing to Seller thereunder, as identified on Schedule
2.1(c) (collectively, the Coal Royalty Agreements);

(d)
Upon obtaining the requisite approvals of any applicable Governmental Body and to the extent transferrable, select Permits pertaining
to the Fola Mine, as set forth on Schedule 2.1(d) (collectively, the Purchased Permits);

(e)
All improvements, fixtures, furniture, tools, office equipment, supplies, computers, telephones, motors, pumps, machinery, pipes, metal,
tanks, boilers, materials and other personal property located at the Fola Mine (collectively, Personal Property);

(f)
All accounts receivable, whether current or non-current, owed to Seller, specifically including amounts due under the Land Agreements
and Coal Royalty Agreements;

(g)
Except for the Excluded Assets, any tangible assets or property owned by Seller as of the Closing Date, of a type not specified or scheduled
herein which are located at the Fola Mine.

2.2.
Excluded Assets. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary contained herein, the Purchased Assets shall not include
the following items (the Excluded Assets):

(a)
All real property, including surface property, coal and any substances owned by Seller, or sold by Seller or its Affiliates prior to
the Closing Date, together with all rights, easements and privileges appurtenant thereto or associated therewith, as identified on Schedule
2.2(a) (collectively, the Excluded Real Property), and for clarification purposes, if there is a parcel
of real property referenced on both the Owned Real Property on Schedule 2.1(a) and the Excluded Real Property on Schedule 2.2(a),
then the real property subject to such duplication will be deemed Excluded Real Property for the purpose of this Agreement;

(b)
Real property agreements including surface leases, as identified on Schedule 2.2(b) (collectively, the Excluded Land
Agreements);

(c)
Coal royalty agreements with third parties whereby coal is mined and sold by third parties, as identified on Schedule 2.2(c) (collectively,
the Excluded Coal Royalty Agreements);

4

(d)
Select Permits pertaining to the Fola Mine, and all of Sellers rights, as set forth on Schedule 2.2(d) (collectively, the
Excluded Permits);

(e)
All personal property, as set forth on Schedule 2.2(e) (collectively, Excluded Personal Property);

(f)
All of Sellers equity or economic interest in Screaming Eagle Coal, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company;

(g)
All of Sellers cash, cash equivalents, bank deposits, certificates of deposit and investment securities on hand or in Sellers
bank accounts;

(h)
All of Sellers stock record books and corporate and company record books containing minutes of meetings of directors and stockholders,
and any other records that relate to Sellers organization or stock capitalization;

(i)
All of Sellers tax returns and copies of records, including any and all rights of Seller to any recoveries or refunds in respect
of Taxes of Seller;

(j)
All of Sellers right, title and interest in and to each reclamation bond, surety arrangement or letter of credit, as the case
may be, posted by Seller in connection with the Fola Permits; and

(k)
Any assets or property not specifically included as a Purchased Asset in Section 2.2 and any assets or property not owned by Seller
as of the Closing Date.

2.3.
Liabilities to be Assumed by Buyer. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, at Closing, Buyer shall assume,
become obligated for, and hereby agrees to timely fulfill, perform, pay and discharge (or cause to be timely fulfilled, performed, paid
or discharged), the following liabilities, and only the liabilities, of Seller (collectively, the Assumed Liabilities):

(a)
Other than the Liabilities expressly retained by Seller pursuant to Section 2.4, all Reclamation Liabilities of any kind or character
resulting from relating to, arising out of, or incurred in connection with the Purchased Assets, including the Purchased Permits, whether
accruing or arising prior to, on or after the Closing Date;

(b)
The Excluded Permits Contingent Liability; and

(c)
All Liabilities for Taxes imposed on the Owned Real Property, whether accruing or arising prior to, on or after the Closing Date.

For
clarification purposes, Buyer shall not assume any Liabilities of Seller other than the Assumed Liabilities.

5

2.4.
Liabilities to be Retained by Seller. Seller shall assume, retain and over time discharge, as and when they become due
and payable, all Liabilities other than the Assumed Liabilities (collectively, the Retained Liabilities),
including, without limitation, the following:

(a)
All trade accounts payable of Seller accruing or arising prior to, on or after the Closing Date;

(b)
Other than contracts or agreements expressly assumed as Purchased Assets under Section 2.1, all Liabilities under contracts and
agreements, of any kind or nature, whether current or non-current, contingent or actual, entered into by Seller prior to, on or after
the Closing Date;

(c)
All wages, taxes and other employee-related obligations of Seller accruing or arising prior to, on or after the Closing Date;

(d)
All Liabilities associated with Notice of Violations written on the Purchased Permits issued before the Closing Date, and Notice of Violations
written on the Excluded Permits issued prior to, on or after the Closing Date;

(e)
All Taxes other than those specifically assumed in Section 2.3(c);

(f)
All Liabilities, known or unknown, contingent or otherwise, of any kind or character, to the extent relating to, based upon, attributable
to, or arising out of or in connection with the Excluded Assets, including Reclamation Obligations associated with the Excluded Permits,
whether accruing or arising prior to, on or after the Closing Date; and

(g)
All Liabilities, of any kind or nature, whether accruing or arising prior to, on or after the Closing Date, other than those expressly
set forth as Assumed Liabilities in Section 2.3.

For
clarification purposes, the Parties acknowledge that the inclusion of specific Liabilities in clauses (a) through (g) above is not intended
in any way to limit the definition and description of Retained Liabilities in this Section 2.4.

ARTICLE
III

CLOSING
AND CONSIDERATION

3.1.
Closing. The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the Closing) shall take
place concurrently with the execution of this Agreement. The Closing shall take place remotely pursuant to the electronic exchange of
documents. The date on which the Closing occurs is referred to in this Agreement as the Closing Date. For
all purposes under this Agreement and all other documents to be delivered hereunder, all matters at Closing will be considered to take
place simultaneously, no delivery of any document will be deemed complete until all transactions and deliveries of documents are completed,
and the Closing will be deemed to have occurred as of 12:01AM Eastern Standard Time on the Closing Date, irrespective of the actual occurrence
of the Closing at any particular time on the Closing Date.

3.2.
Consideration. At the Closing, the consideration for the transfer of the Purchased Assets and the assumption of the Assumed
Liabilities and the other transactions contemplated hereunder shall be an amount equal to $2,958,516 (Consideration),
which Buyer and Seller hereby agree shall not be paid in the form of cash, but instead as a credit against the full amount of payments
Seller owes to Buyers affiliates, Range Environmental Resources, Inc., Range Natural Resources, Inc., and Range Security Resources,
Inc. (collectively, the Range Affiliates) for the provision of various reclamation, mining, and security
services, respectively at the Fola Mine. For clarification purposes, Buyer shall not be required to pay any cash as part of the Consideration,
and at the Closing, Seller shall have no further payment obligation due to the Range Affiliates.

6

3.3.
Excluded Permits. At the Closing, Buyer further agrees, as part of the consideration for the transfer of the Purchased Assets
and the assumption of the Assumed Liabilities and the other transactions to be contemplated hereunder, to be responsible for the oversight,
management and release of the Excluded Permits (Excluded Permits Contingent Liability), which responsibilities
shall include resolving Reclamation Liabilities for each individual permit set forth on Schedule 2.2(d). Buyer shall satisfy the
Excluded Permits Contingent Liability, in whole or in part, in one or more transactions, for the permits set forth on Schedule 2.2(d),
by: (i) obtaining full Phase 3 bond release for a permit set forth on Schedule 2.2(d) from the West Virginia Department of Environmental
Protection, (ii) replacing the existing bond issued against a permit set forth on Schedule 2.2(d) with a new bond from a new bond
insurer, or (iii) funding an account, for the benefit of the current bond insurer, in an amount of cash equal to the penal sum of the
bond issued against a permit set forth on Schedule 2.2(d). Notwithstanding the foregoing and anything herein to the contrary,
Buyer shall not be liable for any of Sellers Liabilities based upon, attributable to, or arising out of the Excluded Permits prior
to the Closing Date, and furthermore, Buyer shall not be liable for any of Sellers Liabilities related to bond premiums and permit
fines and fees, based upon, attributable to, or arising out of the Excluded Permits on or after the Closing Date.

3.4.
Sellers Closing Deliverables. At the Closing, Seller shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Buyer the following:

(a)
Acknowledgment and agreement of the receipt of the final accounting statement from each of the Range Affiliates stating that the outstanding
account balances due from Seller have been paid in full as of the Closing Date in accordance with Section 3.2 of this Agreement;

(b)
Two originals of the Special Warranty Deed (the Deed) for the conveyance of all of the Owned Real Property;

(c)
Assignment and Assumption Agreement for the Land Agreements;

(d)
Assignment and Assumption Agreement for the Coal Royalty Agreements;

(e)
Interim Permit Transfer Agreement for the Purchased Permits;

(f)
Bill of Sale for the Personal Property;

(g)
Certificate, dated as of the Closing Date, of Sellers Manager and President, as the case may be, attesting to, and attaching thereto:
(i) each of Sellers Articles of Organization as in effect at the time of Closing, (ii) duly executed resolutions adopted by each
of the Sellers Manager and equity owner(s), as appropriate, authorizing the transactions contemplated herein, and stating that
such resolutions have not been amended, modified, revoked or rescinded, and (iii) a good standing certificate with respect to the Seller
issued by the Secretary of State of the State of West Virginia and the State of Delaware, as the case may be, no more than ten (10) business
days prior to the Closing Date;

(h)
Such other documents or instruments as are required to be delivered by Seller at the Closing pursuant to the terms hereof or that Buyer
reasonably requests prior to the Closing Date to effect the transactions contemplated hereby.

7

3.5.
Buyers Closing Deliverables. At the Closing, Buyer shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Seller the following:

(a)
Final accounting statement from each of the Range Affiliates stating that the outstanding account balances due from Seller have been
paid in full as of the Closing Date in accordance with Section 3.2 of this Agreement;

(b)
Two originals of the Deed for the conveyance of all of the Owned Real Property;

(c)
Assignment and Assumption Agreement for the Land Agreements;

(d)
Assignment and Assumption Agreement for the Coal Royalty Agreements;

(e)
Interim Permit Transfer Agreement for the Purchased Permits;

(f)
Bill of Sale for the Personal Property;

(g)
Certificate, dated as of the Closing Date, of Buyers Chief Executive Officer attesting to, and attaching thereto: (i) Buyers
Articles of Organization as in effect at the time of Closing, (ii) duly executed resolutions adopted by the board of the Buyers
sole member authorizing the transactions contemplated herein, and stating that such resolutions have not been amended, modified, revoked
or rescinded, and (iii) a good standing certificate with respect to the Buyer issued by the Secretary of State of the State of Ohio no
more than ten (10) business days prior to the Closing Date;

(h)
Such other documents or instruments as are required to be delivered by Buyer at the Closing pursuant to the terms hereof or that Seller
reasonably requests prior to the Closing Date to effect the transactions contemplated hereby.

3.6.
Deed. On or shortly after the Closing Date, Buyer shall cause the Deed for the Owned Real Property to be filed with the appropriate
county recorders office in the State of West Virginia and pay any related recording fees, transfer taxes and documentary stamps.

3.7.
Contura Agreement. Shortly after the Closing Date, AppleAtcha expects to enter into a Coal Mining Lease with Contura CAPP
Land, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Contura), where AppleAtcha will be the lessor and Contura
will be the lessee (the New Contura Agreement). Seller hereby covenants to transfer and assign its rights
and obligations under the New Contura Agreement to Buyer as soon as possible after AppleAtcha enters into such agreement with Contura.
In addition, to the extent that the consent of Contura is required to be obtained for the foregoing assignment to be effective, then
Seller shall exercise commercially reasonable efforts to procure Conturas consent.

3.8.
Purchase Price Allocation. As soon as reasonably practicable after the Closing, Buyer shall prepare and deliver a schedule
(the Allocation Schedule) to Seller showing the allocation of the aggregate value of the Consideration, the
Assumed Liabilities and any other items properly treated as consideration or purchase price for federal income tax purposes on the Closing
Date. Seller shall accept such schedule and the Parties shall file all tax returns and information reports regarding this transaction
in a manner consistent with the Allocation Schedule.

ARTICLE
IV

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER

Each
Seller hereby, jointly and severally, represents and warrants to Buyer that:

4.1.
Organization. Each Seller is a limited liability company duly organized and validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the respective Sellers state of organization.

4.2.
Authority. Each Seller has the full power and authority to execute, deliver, and carry out the terms and provisions of this
Agreement and the other documents contemplated hereby to which Seller is a party and to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder.

8

4.3.
Authorization. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and all of the other agreements and instruments contemplated
hereby to which Seller is a party have been duly authorized by Seller and no act or other proceeding on the party of Seller is necessary
to authorize the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement or the other agreements contemplated hereby and consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.

4.4.
Execution. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Seller and constitutes a valid and binding obligation of
Seller, enforceable in accordance with its terms, and each of the other agreements and instruments contemplated hereby to which Seller
is a party, when executed and delivered by Seller, in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, shall have been duly executed and
delivered by Seller and shall each constitute a valid and binding obligation of Seller, enforceable in accordance with their respective
terms and conditions.

4.5.
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by Seller of this Agreement and the other agreements contemplated hereby
do not and will not in any material respect violate, conflict with or result in a breach of any provision of the organizational documents,
result in a violation or breach of any material contract of Seller, or violate or conflict with any Applicable Law.

4.6.
Consents. Except as set forth in Schedule 4.6, there are no prohibitions on assignment or requirements to request or
obtain consent from any third party that are required in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
by Seller. To the extent that there are any consents set forth in Schedule 4.6 that are not obtained prior to the Closing Date,
then the Parties shall cooperate together in good faith to obtain such consents as promptly as practicable after the Closing.

4.7.
No Actions. There are no Actions pending or, to the knowledge of Seller, threatened by or against Seller and affecting the
Purchased Assets, at law or in equity. There are no Actions pending or, to the knowledge of Seller, threatened by or against Seller which
challenge the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or seek to rescind the transactions contemplated hereby.

4.8.
Brokers or Finders Fees. No broker, investment banker, financial advisory firm or other person, is entitled to any brokers,
finders, financial advisors or other similar fee or commission in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby or thereby based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Seller.

4.9.
Real Property. Seller is selling its title to the Owned Real Property as-is without any special warranties,
other than the Owned Real Property is free and clear of Encumbrances (other than Permitted Encumbrances), created by, through and under
Seller. Seller has delivered or made available to Buyer true, complete and correct copies of the material deeds, leases and other agreements
by which Seller acquired or disposed of rights related to the Owned Real Property. There is no pending or threatened condemnation or
eminent domain proceedings against the Seller, the Owned Real Property, or any part thereof.

9

4.10.
Environmental Matters. Seller, to its knowledge, is in material compliance with all Environmental Laws, and has not caused
a release or discharge of any Hazardous Materials on, under, in, from, or about the Owned Real Property that has resulted in material
contamination in the soils, surface water, groundwater or sediments on, under or adjacent to the Owned Real Property.

4.11.
Taxes. All Taxes due and owing by Seller have been, or will be, timely paid. No extensions or waivers of statutes of limitations
have been given or requested with respect to any Taxes of Seller. All tax returns required to be filed by Seller for any tax periods
prior to Closing have been, or will be, timely filed. Such tax returns are, or will be, true, complete, and correct in all respects.
There are no Encumbrances for taxes upon any of the Purchased Assets nor is any taxing authority in the process of imposing any Encumbrances
for Taxes on any of the Purchased Assets (other than for current taxes not yet due and payable).

4.12.
Disclaimers. Except for the limited representations and warranties set forth in this Article IV, none of Seller or
Seller Indemnified Parties makes any representations or warranties, express or implied, and Seller expressly disclaims all liability
and responsibility for any representation, warranty, statement or information made or communicated to Buyer.

ARTICLE
V

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER

Buyer
hereby represents and warrants to Seller that:

5.1.
Organization. Buyer is a limited liability company duly organized and validly existing and in good standing under the laws
of Buyers state of organization.

5.2.
Authority. Buyer has the full power and authority to execute, deliver, and carry out the terms and provisions of this Agreement
and the other documents contemplated hereby to which Buyer is a party and to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder.

5.3.
Authorization. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and all of the other agreements and instruments contemplated
hereby to which Buyer is a party have been duly authorized by Buyer and no act or other proceeding on the party of Buyer is necessary
to authorize the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement or the other agreements contemplated hereby and consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.

5.4.
Execution. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Buyer and constitutes a valid and binding obligation of
Buyer, enforceable in accordance with its terms, and each of the other agreements and instruments contemplated hereby to which Buyer
is a party, when executed and delivered by Buyer, in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, shall have been duly executed and
delivered by Buyer and shall each constitute a valid and binding obligation of Buyer, enforceable in accordance with their respective
terms and conditions.

10

5.5.
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by Buyer of this Agreement and the other agreements contemplated hereby
do not and will not in any material respect violate, conflict with or result in a breach of any provision of the organizational documents,
result in a violation or breach of any material contract of Buyer, or violate or conflict with any Applicable Law.

5.6.
Consents. Except as set forth in Schedule 5.6, there are no prohibitions on assignment or requirements to request or
obtain consent from any third party that are required in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
by Buyer.

5.7.
No Actions. There are no Actions pending or, to the knowledge of Buyer, threatened by or against Buyer and affecting the Purchased
Assets, at law or in equity. There are no Actions pending or, to the knowledge of Buyer, threatened by or against Buyer which challenge
the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or seek to rescind the transactions contemplated hereby.

5.8.
Brokers or Finders Fees. No broker, investment banker, financial advisory firm or other person, is entitled to any brokers,
finders, financial advisors or other similar fee or commission in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby or thereby based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Buyer.

5.9.
Disclaimers. Except for the limited representations and warranties set forth in this Article V, none of Buyer or Buyer
Indemnified Parties makes any representations or warranties, express or implied, and Buyer expressly disclaims all liability and responsibility
for any representation, warranty, statement or information made or communicated to Seller.

ARTICLE
VI

REMEDIES
AND INDEMNIFICATION

6.1.
Survival Periods. The representations and warranties in this Agreement and the Schedules and Exhibits attached hereto, and
the associated rights of indemnification with respect to Seller or Buyer, as the case may be, shall survive the Closing and terminate
on the date which is the twenty-four (24) month anniversary of the Closing Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, fundamental representations
made by Seller in Section 4.1 through Section 4.6, and Section 4.11 (Seller Fundamental Reps),
and fundamental representations made by Buyer in Section 5.1 through Section 5.6 (Buyer Fundamental Reps),
shall survive indefinitely.

11

6.2.
Indemnification by Seller. Subject to the limitations of this Article VI, from and after the Closing, Seller shall
indemnify Buyer, its Affiliates and their respective stockholders, members, officers, managers, directors, employees, agents, partners,
representatives, successors and assigns (collectively, the Buyer Indemnified Parties) and hold them harmless
against the following:

(a)
Any Losses arising out of any breach by Seller of any representation or warranty made by Seller in Article IV of this Agreement,
or in any other related agreement entered into in connection with the transaction contemplated hereunder;

(b)
Any losses arising out of any breach by Seller of any covenant or agreement made by Seller in this Agreement, or in any other related
agreement entered into in connection with the transaction contemplated hereunder;

(c)
Any Losses arising out of any assets that are Excluded Assets under this Agreement; or

(d)
Any Losses arising out of any liabilities that are Retained Liabilities under this Agreement;

provided,
however, that the aggregate liability of Seller under this Section 6.2 shall not exceed $1,000,000 (the Seller
Indemnification Cap) for breaches under Article IV other than breaches of Seller Fundamental Reps, and $3,000,000
(the Seller Maximum Cap) for breaches of Seller Fundamental Reps.

6.3.
Indemnification by Buyer. Subject to the limitations of this Article VI, from and after the Closing, Buyer shall indemnify
Seller, its Affiliates and their respective stockholders, members, officers, managers, directors, employees, agents, partners, representatives,
successors and assigns (collectively, the Seller Indemnified Parties) and hold them harmless against the
following:

(a)
Any Losses arising out of any breach by Buyer of any representation or warranty made by Buyer in Article V of this Agreement,
or in any other related agreement entered into in connection with the transaction contemplated hereunder;

(b)
Any losses arising out of any breach by Buyer of any covenant or agreement made by Buyer in this Agreement, or in any other related agreement
entered into in connection with the transaction contemplated hereunder;

(c)
Any Losses arising out of any assets that are Purchased Assets under this Agreement;

(d)
Any Losses arising out of any liabilities that are Assumed Liabilities under this Agreement;

provided,
however, that the aggregate liability of Buyer under this Section 6.3 shall not exceed $1,000,000 (the Buyer
Indemnification Cap) for breaches under Article V other than breaches of Buyer Fundamental Reps, and $3,000,000
(the Buyer Maximum Cap) for breaches of Buyer Fundamental Reps.

12

6.4.
Defense of Third-Party Claims. In the event of a claim by a third party against any Buyer Indemnified Party or Seller Indemnified
Party, such Buyer Indemnified Party or Seller Indemnified Party (an Indemnitee), to the extent that it is
seeking or making a claim for indemnification under this Article VI, shall notify (i) Buyer, if indemnity is sought from it or
any Buyer Indemnified Party, or (ii) Seller, if indemnity is sought from it or any Seller Indemnified Party (the Party against whom the
indemnification claim is asserted, as the case may be, the Indemnitor), of the claim in writing within fifteen
(15) days after receiving written notice of any action, lawsuit, proceeding, investigation or other claim against it, describing the
claim, the amount thereof (if known and quantifiable) and the basis thereof; provided, that the failure to provide such notification
hereunder shall not relieve the Indemnitor of its obligations hereunder. Any Indemnitor shall be entitled to participate in the defense
of such action, lawsuit, proceeding, investigation or other claim giving rise to an Indemnitees claim for indemnification or reimbursement
at its own expense, and at its option, shall be entitled to assume the defense thereof by appointing a recognized and reputable counsel
reasonably acceptable to the Indemnitee to be the lead counsel in connection with such defense.

6.5.
Direct Claims. Any claim by an Indemnitee on account of a Loss which does not result from a third-party claim described in
Section 6.4 (a Direct Claim) shall be asserted by the Indemnitee giving the Indemnitor written notice
(with reasonable detail included in such notice, from which Indemnitor may reasonably determine the veracity of the alleged Loss) within
thirty (30) days of Indemnitee obtaining actual knowledge of such alleged Loss. The failure to so notify the Indemnitor shall not relieve
the Indemnitor of its obligations hereunder except to the extent (and only to the extent that) such failure shall have caused the damages
for which the Indemnitor is obligated to be greater than the amount such damages would have been had the Indemnitee given the Indemnitor
prompt notice hereunder. Such notice by the Indemnitee shall describe the Direct Claim, the amount thereof (if known and quantifiable)
and the basis thereof. The Indemnitor shall have fifteen (15) days after its receipt of such notice to respond in writing to such Direct
Claim. If the Indemnitor does not so respond within such fifteen (15) day period, or objects to the Direct Claim or otherwise fails or
refuses to indemnify the Indemnitee with respect to the Direct Claim, then the Indemnitor shall be deemed to have rejected such claim,
in which case the Indemnitee shall be free to pursue such remedies as may be available to the Indemnitee on the terms and subject to
the provisions of this Agreement.

6.6.
Mitigation. In the event of any breach giving rise to an indemnification obligation under this Article VI, each Party
agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to mitigate any Loss, liability or damage which forms the basis of a claim hereunder or
in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including responding to such claims or liabilities in the same manner as the
applicable Party would respond to such claims or liabilities in the absence of the indemnification provisions of this Agreement.

6.7.
Exclusive Remedy. The indemnification obligations set forth this Article VI shall be the sole and exclusive remedy
for the recovery of Losses resulting from, relating to or arising out of this Agreement and the Schedules and Exhibits attached hereto.

13

ARTICLE
VII

MISCELLANEOUS

7.1.
Amendment and Waiver. This Agreement may be amended, and any provision of this Agreement may be waived upon the written agreement
of Seller and Buyer. No course of dealing between Seller and Buyer shall be deemed effective to modify, amend or discharge any part of
this Agreement. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions,
whether or not similar, nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

7.2.
Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications permitted or required to be given under or by reason of the
provisions of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given (i) when personally delivered, (ii) when sent
by electronic mail, (iii) one Business Day after being sent by reputable overnight express courier, or (iv) three Business Days following
mailing by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid and return receipt requested. Unless another address is specified in writing,
notices, requests, demands and communications to the Parties shall be sent to the addresses indicated below:

Notices
to Seller:

AppleAtcha
Land, LLC

200
Park Avenue, Suite 400

Orange
Village, Ohio 44122

Attn:
Joseph E. LoConti, Manager

WV
Reclaim Co, LLC

23811
Chagrin Boulevard, Suite 228

Beachwood,
Ohio 44122

Attn:
Barry Doyle, President

Notices
to Buyer:

Range
Sky View Land, LLC

200
Park Avenue, Suite 400

Orange
Village, Ohio 44122

Attn:
Michael Cavanaugh, CEO

With
a mandatory copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

UB
Greensfelder LLP

1660
West 2nd Street, Suite 1100

Cleveland,
Ohio 44113

Attn:
Howard Groedel

14

7.3.
Successors and Assigns. The Agreement and all of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder, by or on behalf of any of
the Parties, shall bind and inure to the benefit of the respective heirs, successors and assigns of the Parties whether so expressed
or not. Seller may assign its rights and obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, without the consent of Buyer, to an Affiliate of
Seller. Buyer may assign its rights and obligations, in whole or in part, without the consent of Seller, to an Affiliate of Buyer or
to a purchaser of the Buyers common stock or all or substantially all of Buyers assets, provided such purchaser would assume
all material rights and obligations under this Agreement.

7.4.
Severability. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and
valid under Applicable Law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be prohibited by or invalid under Applicable Law, then
such provision will be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provision
or the remaining provisions of this Agreement.

7.5.
No Third-Party Beneficiaries. Nothing herein expressed or implied is intended or shall be construed to confer upon or give
to any person other than the Parties and their respective permitted successors and assigns, any rights or remedies under or by reason
of this Agreement.

7.6.
Complete Agreement. This Agreement and the agreements and documents referred to herein contain the entire agreement and understanding
between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, whether written
or oral, relating to such subject matter in any way.

7.7.
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall
be governed by the internal laws of the State of Ohio without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule
that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Ohio.

7.8.
Jurisdiction. Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of, based upon or relating to this Agreement shall be instituted
in the federal courts of the United States of America or the courts of the State of Ohio, in each case located in Cuyahoga County, Ohio,
and each Party irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any such suit, action or proceeding. Service of process,
summons, notice or other document in accordance with Section 7.2 shall be effective service of process for any suit, action or
proceeding brought in any such court. The Parties irrevocably and unconditionally waive any objection to the laying of venue of any suit,
action or proceeding in sch courts and irrevocably waive and agree not to plead or claim in any such court that any such suit, action
or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.

15

7.9.
Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LITIGATION, ACTION, PROCEEDING,
CROSS-CLAIM, OR COUNTERCLAIM IN ANY COURT (WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO OR IN CONNECTION
WITH (I) THIS AGREEEMENT OR THE VALIDITY, PERFORMANCE, INTERPRETATION, COLLECTION OR ENFORCEMENT HEREOF OR (II) THE ACTIONS OF THE PARTIES
IN THE NEGOTIATION, AUTHORIZATION, EXECUTION, DELIVERY, ADMINISTRATION, PERFORMANCE OR ENFORCEMENT HEREUNDER.

7.10.
Specific Performance. The Parties agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this
Agreement were not performed by the Parties in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached by a Party. Each Party
expressly waives any requirement that the other Party obtain any bond or provide any indemnity in connection with any action seeking
injunctive relief or specific enforcement of the provisions of this Agreement.

7.11.
Further Assurances. The Parties hereby agree that, at any time after the Closing Date, each Party will execute and deliver,
or cause to be executed and delivered, such further instruments, documents, and assurances, and take such further actions as may be reasonably
requested by the other Party to carry out the purposes and intent of this Agreement and all related agreements, instruments and documents
contemplated herein.

7.12.
Counterparts and Electronic Delivery. This Agreement and any signed agreement or instrument entered into in connection with
this Agreement, and any amendments hereto or thereto, may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original
and all of which, taken together, shall constitute one and the same instrument. Any such counterpart, to the extend delivered in PDF
format attached to electronic mail, shall be treated in all manner and respects as an original executed counterpart and shall be considered
to have the same binding legal effect as if it were the original signed version thereof delivered in person.

*
* * * *

16

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Agreement by their duly authorized representatives as of the Effective Date.

SELLER:

APPLEATCHA
LAND, LLC,

a
Delaware limited liability company

By: 

Name: Joseph
E. LoConti

Its: Manager

WV
RECLAIM CO, LLC,

a
West Virginia limited liability company

By: 

Name: Barry
T. Doyle

Its: President

BUYER:

RANGE
SKY VIEW LAND, LLC,

an
Ohio limited liability company

By: 

Name: Michael
R. Cavanaugh

Its: Chief
Executive Officer

Schedule
2.1(a)

Owned
Real Property

Owned
Real Property shall include all of the real property acquired by Buyer pursuant to the following deeds, but expressly excluding any real
property included in the following deeds but specifically set forth as Excluded Real Property on Schedule 2.2.(a):

Source
Deeds

Special
Warranty Deed, dated as of August 1, 2016, by and between Braxton-Clay Land & Mineral, Inc., a West Virginia corporation, and Nicholas-Clay
Land & Mineral, Inc., a Virginia corporation, each having an address of 1000 CONSOL Energy Drive, Canonsburg, PA 15317 (collectively
referred to therein as Grantors) and Southeastern Land, LLC, a Kentucky limited liability company, having an address of
81 Enterprise Drive, Debord, KY 41214 (referred to therein as Grantee) of record in Deed Book 216, Page 965 in the office
of the Clerk of the County Commission of Clay County, West Virginia.

Special
Warranty Deed, dated as of August 1, 2016, by and between Braxton-Clay Land & Mineral, Inc., a West Virginia corporation, and Nicholas-Clay
Land & Mineral, Inc., a Virginia corporation, each having an address of 1000 CONSOL Energy Drive, Canonsburg, PA 15317 (collectively
referred to therein as Grantors) and Southeastern Land, LLC, a Kentucky limited liability company, having an address of
81 Enterprise Drive, Debord, KY 41214 (referred to therein as Grantee) of record in Deed Book 500, Pages 653-695 in the
office of the Clerk of the County Commission of Nicholas County, West Virginia.

Grantors
Deeds

Deed
of Foreclosure, dated as of October 20, 2020, by and between Maggie B. Burrus Substitute Trustee (referred to therein as Trustee
and Grantor) and AppleAtcha Land, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (referred to therein as Grantee)
of record in Deed Book 228, Page 971 in the office of the Clerk of the County Commission of Clay County, West Virginia.

Deed
of Foreclosure, dated as of October 20, 2020, by and between Maggie B. Burrus Substitute Trustee (referred to therein as Trustee
and Grantor) and AppleAtcha Land, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (referred to therein as Grantee)
of record in Deed Book 535, Pages 150-153 in the office of the Clerk of the County Commission of Nicholas County, West Virginia.

Deed,
dated as of January 25, 2024, by and between Civil-Military Innovation Institute, Inc., a West Virginia non-profit corporation (referred
to therein as Grantor) and AppleAtcha Land, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (referred to therein as Grantee)
of record in Deed Book 566, Page 569 in the office of the Clerk of the County Commission of Nicholas County, West Virginia.

[The
Following Individual Parcels Incorporated as Part of this Schedule 2.1(a)]

Schedule
2.1(b)

Land
Agreements

1. Land
Lease and Solar Easement, dated as of September 7, 2021, by and between AppleAtcha Land, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
(referenced therein as Lessor), and Foal Solar, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (referenced therein as Lessee).
On June 30, 2023, Fola Solar LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (referenced therein as Assignor) assigned all
of its interest in the Land Lease and Solar Easement to Nicholas County Solar Project, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
(referenced therein as Assignee). On August 14, 2023, Nicholas County Solar Project, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company (referenced therein as Assignor) assigned all of its interest in the Land Lease and Solar Easement to Deep
Lake Energy Center, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (referenced therein as Assignee). AppleAtcha Land remained
the Lessor under the Land Lease and Solar Easement through both assignments.

Schedule
2.1(c)

Coal
Royalty Agreements

1. Contract
Mining Agreement, dated as of July 24, 2024, by and among Coal-Mac, LLC, a Kentucky limited liability company (referred to therein
as Contractor), WV Reclaim Co, LLC, an Ohio limited liability company (referred to therein as Permittee),
and AppleAtcha Land, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (referred to therein as Owner).

2. Coal
Mining Lease, originally dated November 13, 2023, and later amended on April 18, 2024, by and between AppleAtcha Land, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company (referred to therein as Lessor), and Contura CAPP Land, LLC, a Delware limited liability
company (referred to therein as Lessee).

Schedule
2.1(d)

Purchased
Permits

Schedule
2.2(a)

Excluded
Real Property

For
clarification purposes, the real property interests referenced in the deeds set forth below were transferred by Seller or its Affiliates
to Screaming Eagle Coal, LLC prior to the Closing Date and therefore are expressly excluded from the transaction between Seller and Buyer
and shall be deemed hereunder as Excluded Real Property and not transferred by Seller to Buyer as a Purchased Asset. If there is any
conflict between the real property interests referenced below on this Schedule 2.2(a) and Owned Real Property set forth on Schedule 2.1(a),
then the conflicting real property interests shall be deemed Excluded Real Property and not transferred by Seller to Buyer as a Purchased
Asset.

1. Quitclaim
Deed, dated as of June 30, 2021, between Alliance Prime Associates, Inc., an Ohio corporation (referred to therein as Grantor),
and Screaming Eagle Coal, LLC, a Kentucky limited liability company (referred to therein as Grantee) of record in Deed
Book 231, Page 28 in the office of the Clerk of the County Commission of Clay County, West Virginia.

2. Quitclaim
Deed, dated as of June 30, 2021, between Alliance Prime Associates, Inc., an Ohio corporation (referred to therein as Grantor),
and Screaming Eagle Coal, LLC, a Kentucky limited liability company (referred to therein as Grantee) of record in Deed
Book 542, Page 44 in the office of the Clerk of the County Commission of Nicholas County, West Virginia.

3. Quitclaim
Deed, dated as of June 30, 2021, between OK Eagle, LLC, an Ohio limited liability company (referred to therein as Grantor),
and Screaming Eagle Coal, LLC, a Kentucky limited liability company (referred to therein as Grantee) of record in Deed
Book 231, Page 66 in the office of the Clerk of the County Commission of Clay County, West Virginia.

4. Quitclaim
Deed, dated as of June 30, 2021, between OK Eagle, LLC, an Ohio limited liability company (referred to therein as Grantor),
and Screaming Eagle Coal, LLC, a Kentucky limited liability company (referred to therein as Grantee) of record in Deed
Book 542, Page 31 in the office of the Clerk of the County Commission of Nicholas County, West Virginia.

5. Quitclaim
Deed, dated as of June 9, 2022, by and between AppleAtcha Land, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (referred to therein as
Grantor), and Screaming Eagle Coal, LLC, a Kentucky limited liability company (referred to therein as Grantee)
of record in Deed Book 232, Page 650 in the office of the Clerk of the County Commission of Clay County, West Virginia.

Schedule
2.2(a)

Excluded
Real Property

(Continued)

6. Quitclaim
Deed, dated as of June 9, 2022, by and between AppleAtcha Land, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (referred to therein as
Grantor), and Screaming Eagle Coal, LLC, a Kentucky limited liability company (referred to therein as Grantee)
of record in Deed Book 232, Page 643 in the office of the Clerk of the County Commission of Clay County, West Virginia.

7. Quitclaim
Deed, dated as of June 9, 2022, by and between AppleAtcha Land, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (referred to therein as
Grantor), and Screaming Eagle Coal, LLC, a Kentucky limited liability company (referred to therein as Grantee)
of record in Deed Book 549, Page 593 in the office of the Clerk of the County Commission of Nicholas County, West Virginia.

8. Special
Warranty Deed, dated as of November 30, 2024, by and between AppleAtcha Land, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (referred
to therein as Grantor), and Screaming Eagle Coal, LLC, a Kentucky limited liability company (referred to therein as
Grantee) of record in Deed Book [-], Page [-] in the office of the Clerk of the County Commission of Nicholas County,
West Virginia.

9. Special
Warranty Deed, dated as of November 30, 2024, by and between AppleAtcha Land, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (referred
to therein as Grantor), and Screaming Eagle Coal, LLC, a Kentucky limited liability company (referred to therein as
Grantee) of record in Deed Book [-], Page [-] in the office of the Clerk of the County Commission of Fayette County,
West Virginia.

For
clarification purposes, the real property interests set forth immediately below are owned by Seller as of the Closing Date but shall
be deemed hereunder as Excluded Real Property and not transferred by Seller to Buyer as a Purchased Asset. If there is any conflict between
the real property interests referenced below on this Schedule 2.2(a) and Owned Real Property set forth on Schedule 2.1(a), then the conflicting
real property interests shall be deemed Excluded Real Property and not transferred by Seller to Buyer as a Purchased Asset.

10. All
fee, surface and mineral real property interests owned by AppleAtcha Land that are located within the boundaries of the following
mining permits owned by WV Reclaim Co, LLC: (i) Ramp Run Surface Mine #1: S-6010-89, (ii) Ramp Run Surface Mine #2: S-3017-94, and
(iii) Ramp Run Haulroad: O-3007-08. 

Schedule
2.2(a)

Excluded
Real Property

(Continued)

For
clarification purposes, the real property interests referenced in the agreements set forth below are owned by Seller as of the Closing
Date, but subject to a lease from Seller to Screaming Eagle Coal, LLC, with a buyout right of the real property interests referenced
therein, that was entered into before the Closing Date, and therefore are expressly excluded from the transaction between Seller and
Buyer and shall be deemed hereunder as Excluded Real Property and not transferred by Seller to Buyer as a Purchased Asset. If there is
any conflict between the real property interests referenced below on this Schedule 2.2(a) and Owned Real Property set forth on Schedule
2.1(a), then the conflicting real property interests shall be deemed Excluded Real Property and not transferred by Seller to Buyer as
a Purchased Asset.

11. Surface
Lease Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2024, by and between AppleAtcha Land, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (referenced
therein as Lessor), and Screaming Eagle Coal, LLC, a Kentucky limited liability company (referenced therein as Lessee).

12. Coal
Lease Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2024, by and between AppleAtcha Land, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (referenced
therein as Lessor), and Screaming Eagle Coal, LLC, a Kentucky limited liability company (referenced therein as Lessee).

13. Surface
Rights Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2024, by and between AppleAtcha Land, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (referenced
therein as Surface Estate Owner), and Screaming Eagle Coal, LLC, a Kentucky limited liability company (referenced therein
as Mineral Rights Owner).

[Remainder
of Schedule 2.2(a) Intentionally Left Blank]

Schedule
2.2(a)

Excluded
Land Agreements

For
clarification purposes, the land agreements referenced below were entered into by and between Seller and Screaming Eagle Coal, LLC prior
to the Closing Date and therefore are expressly excluded from the transaction between Seller and Buyer and shall be deemed hereunder
as Excluded Land Agreements and not transferred by Seller to Buyer as a Purchased Asset.

1. Surface
Lease Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2024, by and between AppleAtcha Land, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (referenced
therein as Lessor), and Screaming Eagle Coal, LLC, a Kentucky limited liability company (referenced therein as Lessee).

2. Coal
Lease Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2024, by and between AppleAtcha Land, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (referenced
therein as Lessor), and Screaming Eagle Coal, LLC, a Kentucky limited liability company (referenced therein as Lessee).

3. Surface
Rights Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2024, by and between AppleAtcha Land, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (referenced
therein as Surface Estate Owner), and Screaming Eagle Coal, LLC, a Kentucky limited liability company (referenced therein
as Mineral Rights Owner).

4. Assignment
Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2024, by and between AppleAtcha Land, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (referenced therein
as Assignor), and Screaming Eagle Coal, LLC, a Kentucky limited liability company (referenced therein as Assignee),
related to contracts involving the Vaughan Railroad and CSX.

5. Assignment
Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2024, by and between AppleAtcha Land, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (referenced therein
as Assignor), and Screaming Eagle Coal, LLC, a Kentucky limited liability company (referenced therein as Assignee),
related to contracts involving the Vaughan Railroad and non-CSX parties.

Schedule
2.2(c)

Excluded
Coal Royalty Agreements

1. Override
Assignment, dated as of November 16, 2021, by and between Amvest LLC, a Virginia limited liability company (successor by merger to
Peters Creek Mineral Services, Inc.), Amvest West Virginia Coal, LLC, a West Virginia limited liability company (successor by conversion
to Braxton-Clay Land & Mineral, Inc.), Braxton-Clay Land & Mineral, LLC, a Virginia limited liability company (successor
by conversion to Nicholas-Clay Land & Mineral, Inc.), and Terry Eagle Limited Partnership, a West Virginia limited partnership
(all of the foregoing, therein referred to collectively as Assignors) and AppleAtcha Land, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company (referred to therein as Assignee).

Schedule
2.2(d)

Excluded
Permits

For
clarification purposes, the permits associated with the Fola Mine referenced in the schedule below are expressly excluded from the transaction
between Seller and Buyer shall be deemed hereunder as Excluded Permits to be retained by WV Reclaim on the Closing Date.

Schedule
2.2(e)

Excluded
Personal Property

For
clarification purposes, the personal property referenced in the Bills of Sale below were entered into by and between Seller and Screaming
Eagle Coal, LLC prior to the Closing Date and therefore are expressly excluded from the transaction between Seller and Buyer and shall
be deemed hereunder as Excluded Personal Property and not transferred by Seller to Buyer as a Purchased Asset.

1. Bill
of Sale, dated as of June 30, 2021, by and between AppleAtcha Land, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (referenced therein
as Seller), and Screaming Eagle Coal, LLC, a Kentucky limited liability company (referenced therein as Buyer).

2. Bill
of Sale, dated as of November 30, 2024, by and between AppleAtcha Land, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (referenced therein
as Seller/Assignor), and Screaming Eagle Coal, LLC, a Kentucky limited liability company (referenced therein as Buyer/Assignee).

Schedule
4.6

Seller
Consents

1. Consent
from the Manager of each Seller authorizing the transactions contemplated by the Purchase and Sale Agreement. 

Schedule
5.6

Buyer
Consents

1. Consent
of the Board of Range Impact, Inc., the sole member of Range Land, LLC, which in turn is the sole member of Buyer, authorizing the
transactions contemplated by the Purchase and Sale Agreement.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Range
Impact Announces Major Land Acquisition in West Virginia

CLEVELAND,
OHIO (April 2, 2025) Range Impact, Inc. (OTCQB: RNGE) (Range Impact or the Company), a public
company dedicated to acquiring, reclaiming and repurposing distressed coal mines throughout Appalachia, today announced the acquisition
of the Fola Mine Complex located in central West Virginia, from AppleAtcha Land, LLC (AppleAtcha) and WV Reclaim Co, LLC.

The
Fola Mine Complex was one of the largest mining complexes throughout all of Appalachia, with millions of tons of coal mined annually
in the 1990s and 2000s, and at its peak, employed approximately 500 workers. However, in 2011, the Fola Mine Complex was shut down due
to a consolidation of operations by its then-owner, resulting in an end to all mining operations and the loss of almost all of the jobs
there. Over the following decade, the Fola Mine Complex remained inactive, with limited reclamation activities, and no new businesses
developed or jobs created.

Our
acquisition of the Fola Mine Complex is by far the most significant acquisition in the history of the Company, and represents a critical
transition point for the Fola Mine Complex and its nearby communities. As part of the transaction, we acquired almost 13,000 acres of
surface land and 107,000 acres of mineral interest, for a total of approximately 120,000 acres of real property interests stated
Michael Cavanaugh, the Companys Chief Executive Officer.

We
have also acquired 15 mining permits located at the Fola Mine Complex with an estimated reclamation obligation of $29.3 million, as well
as an obligation to manage an additional 21 mining permits at the site to ensure the entire property is responsibly rehabilitated and
well-positioned to support long-term next generation uses. Our deep experience in performing land reclamation and water restoration at
challenging coal mine sites establishes the core foundation of our impact investing strategy and uniquely positions us to pursue such
an ambitious and impactful value creation plan, Mr. Cavanaugh noted.

As
part of the acquisition, the Company acquired two coal royalty contracts with two well-capitalized and experienced mining companies that
are currently mining at the Fola Mine Complex. Additionally, AppleAtcha assigned its rights as lessor to a 25-year solar lease (that
contains three 5-year extensions) with a multi-national corporation for the development of a large-scale solar project located on more
than 1,000 acres at the Fola Mine Complex. This solar project is estimated to create more than 200 MWh of solar energy capacity, representing
one of the single largest solar projects constructed in Appalachia to date. This solar lease and the two coal royalty contracts, plus
other opportunities in development, are anticipated to provide the Company with the necessary funding to reclaim the Fola Mine Complex,
release the associated bonds and permits, and unlock its underlying land value.

Mr.
Cavanaugh noted, Over the past three years, Range Impact has focused primarily on generating revenue by providing reclamation,
incidental mining and security services to mining companies, permit holders and private owners with abandoned mine land property. During
this time, our team has built a wealth of experience in land reclamation and water restoration, and equally important, developed a deep
understanding of the various governmental regulations and insurance obligations that impact the ability to successfully reclaim and repurpose
mine sites. Based on these experiences, our leadership team believes that the optimal go-forward strategy is to transition from a service-based
business model to a land ownership business model, whereby shareholder value is created by unlocking the underlying value of land we
own through our reclamation activities, and concurrently, creating multiple streams of recurring revenue with a diverse group of third-party
lessees focused on next-generation uses.

With
the acquisition announced today, the Company now has two significant land investments - the Fola Mine Complex and 2,000 acres of land
at the Hobet Mine Complex representing ownership in two of the largest former coal mine sites in Appalachia. Furthermore, the
Companys management team is actively identifying and evaluating additional mine site acquisitions to continue building its portfolio
of large owned land assets in Appalachia.

Edward
Feighan, the Companys Chairman of the Board, stated, Our acquisition of the Fola Mine Complex represents a significant
milestone for our Company as we continue to execute on our impact investing strategy and deepen our commitment to the rehabilitation
and revitalization of Appalachian coal mining sites and their surrounding communities. Mr. Feighan added, With a surface
area the size of over 9,600 football fields, we believe that Fola offers us a one-of-a-kind opportunity to make a long-lasting
positive impact on the environment and establish a unique platform to grow innovative businesses and create attractive, good paying jobs
in West Virginia. Mr. Cavanaugh continued, Our core mission at Range is to help people, improve our land, water and air,
and financially reward our shareholders for their commitment and support of our vision, and the Fola acquisition provides our team with
an unparalleled opportunity to do just that.

About
Range Impact, Inc.

Headquartered
in Cleveland, Ohio, Range Impact is a public company (OTC: RNGE) dedicated to improving the health and wellness of people and the planet
through a novel and innovative approach to impact investing. Range Impact owns and operates several complementary operating businesses
focused on developing long-term solutions to environmental, social, and health challenges, with a particular focus on acquiring, reclaiming
and repurposing mine sites and other undervalued land in economically disadvantaged communities throughout Appalachia. Range Impact takes
an opportunistic approach to impact investing by leveraging its competitive advantages and looking at solving old problems in new ways.
Range Impact seeks to thoughtfully allocate its capital into strategic opportunities that are expected to make a positive impact on the
people-planet ecosystem and generate strong investment returns for its shareholders.

Notice
Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This
press release contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined in Section 27(a) of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended and Section 21(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Statements in this press release which are not purely
historical are forward-looking statements and include any statements regarding beliefs, plans, expectations or intentions regarding the
future. Although we believe that these statements are based on reasonable assumptions, they are subject to numerous factors that could
cause actual outcomes and results to be materially different from those indicated in such statements. Such factors include, among others,
the inherent uncertainties associated with new projects, changes in business strategy and new lines of business. These forward-looking
statements are made as of the date of this press release, and we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking statements, or to
update the reasons why actual results could differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Although we believe that any
beliefs, plans, expectations and intentions contained in this press release are reasonable, there can be no assurance that any such beliefs,
plans, expectations or intentions will prove to be accurate. Investors should consult all of the information set forth herein and should
also refer to the risk factors disclosure outlined in our annual report on Form 10-K for the most recent fiscal year, our quarterly reports
on Form 10-Q and other periodic reports filed from time-to-time with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Range
Impact, Inc.

Investor
Relations

P:
+1 (216) 304-6556

E:
ir@rangeimpact.com

W:
www.rangeimpact.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex10-1_002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>rnge-20250331.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>rnge-20250331_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>rnge-20250331_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 31, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 31, 2025

Entity File Number 000-53832

Entity Registrant Name RANGE
IMPACT, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001438943

Entity Tax Identification Number 75-3268988

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 200
Park Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 400

Entity Address, City or Town Cleveland

Entity Address, State or Province OH

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 44122

City Area Code (216)

Local Phone Number 304-6556

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock

Trading Symbol RNGE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://rangeimpact.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
rnge-20250331.xsd 
rnge-20250331_lab.xml 
rnge-20250331_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-002367-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001438943 

2025-03-31 
2025-03-31 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001438943 
8-K 
2025-03-31 
RANGE IMPACT, INC. 
NV 
000-53832 
75-3268988 
200 Park Avenue 
Suite 400 
Cleveland 
OH 
44122 
(216) 
304-6556 
Common Stock 
RNGE 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>