<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001174947-25-000035.txt : 20250117
<SEC-HEADER>0001174947-25-000035.hdr.sgml : 20250117
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250117090043
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001174947-25-000035
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250115
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250117
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250117

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			STURM RUGER & CO INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000095029
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ORDNANCE & ACCESSORIES, (NO VEHICLES/GUIDED MISSILES) [3480]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				060633559
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10435
		FILM NUMBER:		25537141

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 LACEY PLACE
		CITY:			SOUTHPORT
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06490
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2032597843

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 2:		1 LACEY PLACE
		CITY:			SOUTHPORT
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06490
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8k-33404_rgr.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000009502900000950292025-01-152025-01-15iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

January
15, 2025

STURM, RUGER & COMPANY, INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its
Charter)

Delaware

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) 

001-10435

(Commission File Number) 

06-0633559

(IRS Employer Identification Number)

One Lacey Place, Southport, Connecticut 06890

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(203)259-7843

Registrants telephone number, including
area code

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed
since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the
Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions
(see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock RGR NYSE

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided
pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

1

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Employment Agreement with Todd W. Seyfert

On January 15, 2025, Sturm, Ruger & Company,
Inc. (the Company) entered into an Employment Agreement (the Agreement) with Todd W. Seyfert, who will become the
President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company on March 1, 2025.

The Agreement provides for: (i) Mr. Seyfert to serve
as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, (ii) the Company to pay Mr. Seyfert a base salary at a rate of not less than
$750,000 per annum, (iii) Mr. Seyfert to be eligible to receive, during the period he serves as Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
an annual target cash bonus equal to 100% of his Base Salary (as defined therein), and annual performance equity-based incentive compensation
and annual retention equity-based incentive compensation, each equal to 125% of his Base Salary, (iv) Mr. Seyfert to receive up to $345,000
in cash from the Company to compensate Mr. Seyfert for vested or earned incentive compensation with respect to the performance of Mr.
Seyfert or his former employer in 2024 that was forfeited by Mr. Seyfert with respect to his prior employment as a result of entering
into the Agreement and performing his obligations thereunder, (v) Mr. Seyfert to receive a one-time award of 40,000 RSUs (as defined therein),
which shall convert into shares of the Companys Common Stock on a one-to-one basis when vested, a portion of which shall be subject
to time-based vesting and a portion of which shall be subject to performance-based vesting, (vi) if Mr. Seyfert is terminated by the Company
without Cause (as defined therein) or if Mr. Seyfert terminates his employment with Good Reason (as defined therein), in each case prior
to any Change in Control (as defined therein) of the Company, (a) Mr. Seyfert shall be entitled to receive a lump sum cash payment equal
to 18 months of Base Salary, (b) the prorated portion of Mr. Seyferts then-outstanding Retention Restricted Stock Unit Awards and
Performance Restricted Stock Unit Awards shall vest and be paid in accordance with their terms and (c) Mr. Seyfert shall be entitled to
continued medical insurance benefits for the period not to exceed 18 months from the date Mr. Seyferts employment with the Company
terminates, (vii) if a Change in Control occurs and, within 24 months thereafter, if Mr. Seyfert is terminated by the Company without
Cause or if Mr. Seyfert terminates his employment with Good Reason, (a) Mr. Seyfert shall be entitled to receive a lump sum cash payment
equal to 24 months of Annual Compensation (as defined therein), (b) Mr. Seyferts then-outstanding Retention Restricted Stock Unit
Awards and Performance Restricted Stock Unit Awards shall fully vest and be paid in a lump sum equal to the cash value of the subject
vested shares of Common Stock as of the effective date of such Change in Control and (c) Mr. Seyfert shall be entitled to continued medical
insurance benefits for the period not to exceed 24 months from the date Mr. Seyferts employment with the Company terminates and
(viii) a prohibition against Mr. Seyfert engaging in certain activities that compete or interfere with the Company during his employment
with the Company and for 2 years thereafter.

The foregoing description of the Agreement is qualified
in its entirety by reference to the complete terms and conditions of the Agreement, which are attached as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current
Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

-2- 

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of
Certain Officers.

The disclosure set forth in Item
1.01 (above) concerning the appointment of Mr. Seyfert as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, effective as of March
1, 2025, and concerning the terms and conditions of the Agreement is hereby incorporated by reference herein (qualified, with respect
to the description of the Agreement, in its entirety by reference to the complete terms and conditions of the Agreement, which are attached
as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference).

Item 8.01 Other Events.

On January 17, 2025, the Company issued a press release
announcing the appointment of Todd W. Seyfert as the Companys next President and Chief Executive Officer, effective March 1, 2025.
A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 Employment Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2025 by and between Sturm, Ruger, & Company, Inc. and Todd W. Seyfert

99.1 Press release dated January 17, 2025 announcing the appointment of Todd W. Seyfert as the Companys next President and Chief Executive Officer, effective March 1, 2025

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized.

STURM, RUGER & COMPANY, INC.

By: /S/ THOMAS A. DINEEN

Name: Thomas A. Dineen

Title: Principal Financial Officer,

Principal Accounting Officer,

Senior Vice President, Treasurer and

Chief Financial Officer

Dated: January 17, 2025

-3-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT 10.1

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement)
is made and entered into as of January 15, 2025 by and between Sturm, Ruger & Company, Inc., a Delaware corporation with its principal
place of business at One Lacey Place, Southport, Connecticut 06890 (the Company), and Todd Seyfert, an individual
(Employee).

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, the Company desires
to employ Employee and to enter into an agreement embodying the terms of such employment and Employee desires to enter into this Agreement
and to accept such employment, subject to the terms and provisions of this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the promises and mutual covenants contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are mutually acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound, the Company and Employee hereby agree as follows:

Section
1. Definitions.

(a) Accrued
Obligations shall mean (i) all accrued but unpaid Base Salary through the date of termination of Employees employment
and (ii) any unpaid or unreimbursed expenses incurred in accordance with Section 6 below.

(b) Annual Compensation shall mean, at any time, an amount equal to Employees Base Salary, plus
100% of the target cash bonus or other cash incentive that Employee is eligible to earn in the then-current year pursuant to each plan
or program (whether or not such plan or program has been formalized or is in written form) of the Company in effect for such year that
provides for cash bonuses or other cash incentives, or if no such plan or program has been adopted with respect to such year, 100% of
the target cash bonus or other cash incentive that Employee was eligible to earn in the most recent year in which such a plan or program
was in effect.

(c) Base
Salary shall mean the salary provided for in Section 3(a) below or any increased salary granted to Employee pursuant to Section
3(a).

(d) Board shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.

(e) 
Cause shall mean (i) a breach of Employees fiduciary duties or obligations to the Company including,
but not limited to, his failure to obey any lawful directive of the Board or Employees breach of his obligations hereunder or under
the Companys policies, (ii) gross negligence in the performance of Employees duties, (iii) Employees personal dishonesty
or willful misconduct, or (iv) Employees willful violation of any law, rule or regulation (other than minor traffic violations
or similar offenses) or final cease-and-desist order, in each case as determined by the Board in good faith.

(f) 
CEO shall mean the Chief Executive Officer of the Company.

(g) 
Change in Control shall be deemed to have the same meaning as defined in the Plan.

(h) 
Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

-4- 

(i) 
Common Stock shall mean the Companys common stock, par value $1.00 per share.

(j) 
Common Stock Holdings shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(e).

(k) 
Company shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto.

(l) 
Competitive Activities shall mean any business activities involving, or related to, (i) the design,
manufacture or sale of firearms or firearms accessories or (ii) any other products or services which the Company or its subsidiaries manufacture,
sell, distribute or provide (or have committed plans to manufacture, sell, distribute or provide) during the term of Employees
employment with the Company.

(m) Confidential
Information shall mean confidential or proprietary trade secrets, customer lists, customer identities and information, information
regarding service providers, manufacturing processes, product designs or other intellectual property, marketing data or plans, sales
data or plans, management organization information, operating policies or manuals, personnel information, business plans, operations
or techniques, financial records or data, other financial, commercial, business or technical information, or any other information treated
as confidential (i) of or relating to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or (ii) that the Company or any of its subsidiaries may
receive belonging to suppliers, customers or other Persons who do business with the Company or its subsidiaries, but shall exclude any
information that is in the public domain or hereafter enters the public domain, in each case, without the breach by Employee of his obligations
under this Agreement.

(n) 
Developments shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.

(o) 
Disabled shall mean Employee becoming physically or mentally disabled or incapacitated to the extent
that he has been unable to perform his essential duties hereunder, with or without an accommodation, for a continuous period of four (4)
months on account of such disability or incapacitation in the reasonable judgment of a physician selected by the Board.

(p) 
Effective Date shall mean March 1, 2025.

(q) 
Employee shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto.

(r) Good
Reason shall mean the Company, without Employees consent: (i) reduces in any manner Employees duties, responsibilities,
authority, Annual Compensation or material employee benefits or (ii) materially breaches this Agreement, and, in each case, the Company
does not cure the event constituting Good Reason within thirty (30) days following the date of the Companys receipt of a written
notice from Employee describing such breach, which written notice must be received by the Company within ninety (90) days following the
occurrence of such breach.

(s) Interfering
Activities shall mean directly or indirectly (i) encouraging, soliciting, or inducing, or in any manner attempting to encourage,
solicit, or induce, any Person employed by, or Person providing consulting services to, the Company or any of its subsidiaries to terminate
such employment or consulting services; provided, that the foregoing shall not be violated by a general advertising not targeted at employees
or consultants of the Company or its subsidiaries; (ii) hiring any Person who was employed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries
at any time during the twelve (12) month period preceding the date of such hiring; or (iii) encouraging, soliciting or inducing, or in
any manner attempting to encourage, solicit or induce any customer, distributor, insurer, supplier, licensee or other business relation
of the Company or any of its subsidiaries to cease doing business with or reduce the amount of business conducted with the Company or
its subsidiaries, or interfering in any way with the relationship between any such customer, distributor, insurer, supplier, licensee
or business relation and the Company or its subsidiaries.

-5- 

(t) 
OSHA shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9(a).

(u) 
Ownership Threshold shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(e).

(v) 
Parachute Payment shall have the meaning set forth in Section 12(b).

(w) Person
shall mean any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust
(charitable or non-charitable), unincorporated organization or other form of business entity.

(x) Plan
shall mean the Sturm, Ruger & Company, Inc. 2023 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended, modified, supplemented or superseded after the
date of this Agreement (for the avoidance of doubt, such term shall include any successor plan of the Company that replaces the Plan).

(y) Release shall mean a release made by Employee in favor of the Company and its affiliates, in form and
content acceptable to the Company, which shall include, but not be limited to, appropriate non-disparagement provisions.

(z) Release Delivery Date shall mean the date on which a Release is delivered by Employee to the Company.

(aa) Release
Expiration Date shall mean the date which is twenty-one (21) days following Employees receipt of the Release, or, in
the event that such termination of employment is in connection with an exit incentive or other employment termination program
(as such phrase is defined in the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967), the date which is forty-five (45) days following Employees
receipt of the Release.

(bb) Restricted Area shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9(b).

(cc) Restricted Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9(b).

(dd) SEC shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9(a).

(ee) Term of Employment shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Section
2. Acceptance
of Employment; Position, Duties and Responsibilities; Place of Performance.

(a) 
Term of Employment; Employment Status. Effective as of the Effective Date, the Company agrees to employ Employee
and Employee agrees to serve the Company on the terms and conditions set forth herein. The term of Employees employment hereunder
shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until the termination of Employees employment for any reason (such period,
the Term of Employment). Notwithstanding the foregoing, or anything to the contrary herein, nothing in this Agreement
(i) confers upon the Employee the right to continue in the employment of the Company or to the right to hold any particular office or
position with the Company, (ii) except as set forth herein, entitles Employee to receive any specified annual salary or bonus or other
compensation or (iii) interferes with or restricts in any way the right of the Company to terminate Employees employment at any
time, with or without Cause.

-6- 

(b) 
Position. During the Term of Employment Employee shall be employed as the President and CEO of the Company (together
with such other position or positions consistent with Employees title as the Board shall specify from time to time) and shall have
such duties typically associated with such title and such additional duties as may be specified by the Board from time to time. Employee
also agrees to serve as an officer and/or director of the Company and/or any parent or subsidiary of the Company if requested by the Board,
in each case, without additional compensation. The Company anticipates that Employee will be nominated for election to the Companys
Board at the 2025 annual meeting and, subject to the approval of the Companys stockholders at such annual meeting, that Employee
will join the Companys Board as a director thereafter.

(c) 
Employment Duties; Conflicting Activities. During the Term of Employment, Employee shall devote his full business
time, attention, skill and best efforts to the performance of his duties under this Agreement and shall not engage in any other business
or occupation during the Term of Employment, including, without limitation, any activity that (x) conflicts with the interests of the
Company or its subsidiaries, (y) interferes with the proper and efficient performance of his duties for the Company or (z) interferes
with the exercise of his judgment in the Companys best interests. Notwithstanding the foregoing, per Company policy, Employee is
permitted to serve on not more than one for profit board of Directors (public or private) and, with the prior written consent of the Board,
as a member of the board of directors or advisory boards (or their equivalents in the case of a non-corporate entity) of other non-competing
businesses and charitable organizations, (ii) engaging in charitable activities and community affairs and (iii) managing his personal
investments and affairs; provided, however, that the activities set out in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) shall be limited by Employee so
as not to materially interfere, individually or in the aggregate, with the performance of his duties and responsibilities hereunder. The
Board hereby consents to Employees service on the Board of Directors of Hodgdon Powder Company as Employees single for profit
board commitment.

(d) 
Place of Employment. During the first year of the Term of Employment, Employee shall maintain his primary residence
in Minnesota, with such regular business travel to meet with Company employees, supervise Company operations, and visit the facilities
of the Company, including those located in Arizona, Missouri, New Hampshire, and North Carolina, and the Companys corporate headquarters
in Connecticut (or such other location as may be designated as the Companys corporate headquarters by the Board from time to time),
as is necessary or advisable in connection with the performance of Employees duties hereunder; Employee shall be reimbursed by
the Company for usual and customary expenses associated with such business travel. With respect to the Term of Employment after the one
year anniversary of the Effective Date, Employee and the Company shall discuss in good faith and mutually agree upon Employees
principal place of employment. In the event that Employee and the Company agree upon Employees relocation, the Company will pay
reasonable relocation and/or temporary housing expenses. Employee understands and agrees that he will be required to travel from time
to time for business reasons in addition to those circumstances specifically described in this Section 2(d).

(e) Minimum
Stock Ownership. Employee shall comply with all policies of the Company, including those concerning minimum ownership of the Companys
Common Stock or other securities by the Companys senior executives. In furtherance thereof, Employee shall, from and after the
Effective Date, accumulate Common Stock Holdings (which may be solely in the form of the receipt of compensatory grants of Common Stock
Holdings from the Company) and refrain from selling Common Stock of the Company until such time as Employee owns or otherwise holds Common
Stock Holdings worth at least five (5) times Employees then-effective Base Salary (the Ownership Threshold).
Thereafter, Employee shall maintain sufficient ownership of Common Stock Holdings to meet the Ownership Threshold at all times during
the Term of Employment. Common Stock Holdings means shares of issued and outstanding Common Stock and shares of
Common Stock underlying performance-based incentive equity compensation, time-based equity incentive compensation, or restricted stock
award units awarded to and held by Employee (whether vested or unvested) from time to time.

-7- 

Section
3. Compensation.
During the Term of Employment Employee shall be entitled to the following compensation:

(a) Base
Salary. Employee shall be paid an annualized Base Salary, payable in accordance with the regular payroll practices of the Company,
of not less than $750,000, with increases, if any, as may be approved by the Board.

(b) Annual
Bonus and Equity Compensation. During the Term of Employment, Employee shall be eligible to receive an annual target cash bonus and
awards of restricted stock units or other equity-based incentive compensation consistent with his position(s) with the Company, in each
case, as determined by the Board and the Compensation Committee of the Board; provided that Employees (i) annual target cash bonus
shall be based on 100% of Base Salary (it being understood that Employees target cash bonus for 2025 will be based on Employees
full per annum Base Salary for such year, and not subject to proration), (ii) annual performance-based equity incentive compensation,
with each such equity award equal to 125% of his Base Salary for the applicable period, and (iii) annual time-based equity incentive
compensation, with each such equity award equal to 125% of his Base Salary for the applicable period (all subject, in each case (including
the immediately foregoing clauses (i), (ii), and (iii)), to adjustment by the Board and the Compensation Committee of the Board from
time to time during the Term of Employment in connection with changes to the compensation structure of Company executives adopted thereby).

(c) 
One-Time Reimbursement. Employee shall be entitled to a one-time reimbursement of up to $10,000 in fees and expenses
related to the installation of a home security system at Employees primary residence and/or financial planning services, upon submission
of documentation reasonably satisfactory the Company evidencing the nature and payment of such fees and expenses.

(d) One-Time
Make Whole Reimbursement. To the extent that Employee accepting the offer of employment hereunder and commencing employment with
the Company on the Effective Date causes Employee to forfeit vested or earned incentive compensation from Employees current employer
with respect to the performance of Employee or Employees current employer in 2024, the Company shall, on or before April 30, 2025,
reimburse Employee, on a dollar-for-dollar basis, up to $345,000 to compensate Employee for not receiving such incentive compensation
(such reimbursement, the Make Whole Reimbursement). The Make Whole Reimbursement described in this Section 3(d)
is subject to the submission, at least thirty (30) days prior to April 30, 2025, by Employee of documentation reasonably acceptable
to the Company evidencing such incentive compensation, with any proprietary, confidential, or competitive information redacted. By submission
of such documentation to the Company for reimbursement hereunder, Employee represents and warrants to the Company that such incentive
compensation has actually been earned and that payment in respect thereof would be made to Employee by Employees current employer,
but for Employee accepting the offer of employment hereunder and commencing employment on the Effective Date. If Employee terminates
Employees employment with the Company before March 1, 2027, Employee agrees and shall be obligated to re-pay to the Company, at
the time of his termination, the entire amount of the Make Whole Reimbursement paid to Employee by the Company hereunder.

(e) 
One-Time Award of Restricted Stock Units. On or about the Effective Date, Employee shall receive a one-time award
of 40,000 restricted stock units (RSUs) under the Plan (the date of such award, the Award Date), which shall convert
into shares of the Companys Common Stock on a one-to-one basis when vested and shall be subject to the vesting described below,
provided, that such award of RSUs shall be subject, in all events, to the Plan, and the more specific terms and conditions set
forth in the applicable award documentation to be entered into between the Company and Employee concerning this award of RSUs on the Award
Date.

-8- 

(i) 10,000
RSUs will vest upon the four-year anniversary of the Award Date, subject to Employees continued employment with the Company as
of such date;

(ii) 10,000
RSUs will vest upon the four-year anniversary of the Award Date if the average closing price for the Companys Common Stock on
the New York Stock Exchange (or any successor exchange that is the primary exchange on which the Companys Common Stock is traded)
exceeds $45 per share (as adjusted for any applicable stock split, stock dividend, combination, or other recapitalization, or reclassification)
over any thirty (30) consecutive trading day period prior to such date, subject to Employees continued employment with the Company
as of such date;

(iii) 10,000
RSUs will vest upon the four-year anniversary of the Award Date if the average closing price for the Companys Common Stock on
the New York Stock Exchange (or any successor exchange that is the primary exchange on which the Companys Common Stock is traded)
exceeds $55 per share (as adjusted for any applicable stock split, stock dividend, combination, or other recapitalization, or reclassification)
over any thirty (30) consecutive trading day period prior to such date, subject to Employees continued employment with the Company
as of such date; and

(iv) 10,000
RSUs will vest upon the four-year anniversary of the Award Date if the average closing price for the Companys Common Stock on
the New York Stock Exchange (or any successor exchange that is the primary exchange on which the Companys Common Stock is traded)
exceeds $65 per share (as adjusted for any applicable stock split, stock dividend, combination, or other recapitalization, or reclassification)
over any thirty (30) consecutive trading day period prior to such date, subject to Employees continued employment with the Company
as of such date.

Section
4. Employee
Benefits.

During the Term of Employment,
Employee shall be entitled to participate in health, insurance, retirement (including 401(k) plan participation) and other benefits provided
to other senior executives of the Company (including reimbursement of all out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with obtaining
annual executive physicals at the Cleveland Clinic). During the Term of Employment, Employee shall also be entitled to the same number
of holidays, vacation days, sick days and other benefits as are generally allowed to senior executives of the Company in accordance with
the Companys policies in effect from time to time; provided that Employee shall in no event receive less than five weeks
paid vacation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company reserves the right to modify or eliminate any benefit that it offers to its
senior executives and employees generally.

Section
5. Key-Employee
Insurance.

At any time during the Term
of Employment, the Company shall have the right to insure the life of Employee for the sole benefit of the Company, in such amounts, and
with such terms, as it may determine. All premiums payable thereon shall be the obligation of the Company. Employee shall have no interest
in any such policy, but agrees to cooperate with the Company in taking out such insurance by submitting to physical examinations, supplying
all information required by each insurance company, and executing all necessary documents, provided that no financial obligation is imposed
on Employee by any such documents.

-9- 

Section
6. Reimbursement
of Business Expenses.

During the Term of Employment,
Employee is authorized to incur reasonable business expenses that are ordinary and necessary in carrying out his duties and responsibilities
under this Agreement and the Company shall promptly reimburse him for all such reasonable business expenses incurred in connection with
carrying out the business of the Company, subject to documentation in accordance with the Companys policies, as in effect from
time to time.

Section
7. Termination
of Employment.

(a) 
General. Notwithstanding Section 2, or anything to the contrary herein, the Term of Employment shall terminate
upon the earliest to occur of (i) Employees death or Disability, (ii) a termination of Employees employment by the Company
with or without Cause and (iii) a termination by Employee for Good Reason or without Good Reason. Upon any termination of Employees
employment for any reason, except as may otherwise be requested by the Company in writing, Employee shall resign from any and all directorships,
committee memberships or any other positions Employee holds with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates.

(b) 
Termination due to Death or Disability. Employees employment shall terminate automatically upon his death
or Disability. In the event Employees employment is terminated due to his death or Disability, Employee or Employees estate
or beneficiaries, as the case may be, shall be entitled to the Accrued Obligations. Following such termination of Employees employment
by the reason of death or Disability, except as set forth in this Section 7(b), Employee shall have no further rights to any compensation
or any other benefits under this Agreement.

(c) 
Termination by the Company for Cause. The Company may terminate Employees employment at any time for Cause.
In the event the Company terminates Employees employment for Cause, he shall be entitled only to the Accrued Obligations. Following
such termination of Employees employment for Cause, except as set forth in this Section 7(c), Employee shall have no further
rights to any compensation or any other benefits under this Agreement.

(d) 
Termination by the Company without Cause. The Company may terminate Employees employment at any time without
Cause. In the event Employees employment is terminated by the Company without Cause (other than due to death or Disability) during
the Term of Employment, Employee shall be entitled to receive:

(i) 
The Accrued Obligations; and

(ii) 
Subject to the limitations set forth in Section 12(b): 

(A) 
if, during the Term of Employment, and prior to the occurrence of a Change in Control, the Company terminates Employees
employment without Cause, provided that Employee executes and delivers an effective Release to the Company within the timeframe specified
in the Release (the Release Requirement), then the Company shall pay Employee, within sixty (60) days after such
termination date, or, to the extent required by Section 409A of the Code, on the first day of the seventh month following the Release
Delivery Date, as a severance payment for services previously rendered to the Company, a lump sum equal to eighteen (18) months of Employees
Base Salary. In addition, upon such termination, a pro-rated portion of Employees then-outstanding Retention Restricted Stock Unit
Awards and Performance Restricted Stock Unit Awards shall vest and be paid (in cash and/or shares of Common Stock, as applicable), in
accordance with their terms; or

-10- 

(B) 
if a Change in Control occurs during the Term of Employment and, within twenty-four (24) months
after the effective date of such Change in Control, the Company terminates Employees employment without Cause, provided that Employee
satisfies the Release Requirement, then the Company shall pay Employee, within sixty (60) days after such termination date or, to the
extent required by Section 409A of the Code, on the first day of the seventh month following the Release Delivery Date, a lump sum equal
to twenty-four (24) months of Employees Annual Compensation (without regard to any decrease in the rate of Employees Annual
Compensation made after the Change in Control). In addition, upon such termination, Employees then-outstanding Retention Restricted
Stock Unit Awards and Performance Restricted Stock Unit Awards shall fully vest and be paid in a lump sum (to the extent permitted by
Section 409A of the Code, at the same time as the Annual Compensation lump sum pursuant to the preceding sentence) equal to the cash value
of the subject vested shares of Common Stock as of the effective date of such Change in Control.

Following
such termination by Employee, except as set forth in this Section 7(d) and Section 7(g), Employee shall have no further
rights to any compensation or any other benefits under this Agreement.

(e) 
Termination by Employee With Good Reason. Employee may terminate his employment with the Company for Good Reason.
In the event Employees employment is terminated by Employee for Good Reason, then Employee shall be entitled to receive:

(i) 
The Accrued Obligations; and

(ii) 
Subject to the limitations set forth in Section 12(b): 

(A) 
if, during the Term of Employment, and prior to the occurrence of a Change in Control, Employee
terminates Employees employment for Good Reason, provided that Employee satisfies the Release Requirement, then the Company shall
pay Employee, within sixty (60) days after such termination date, or, to the extent required by Section 409A of the Code, on the first
day of the seventh month following the Release Delivery Date, as a severance payment for services previously rendered to the Company,
a lump sum equal to eighteen (18) months of Employees Base Salary (without regard to any decrease in the rate of Employees
Base Salary following the event(s) giving rise to Good Reason). In addition, upon such termination, a pro-rated portion of Employees
then-outstanding Retention Restricted Stock Unit Awards and Performance Restricted Stock Unit Awards shall vest and be paid (in cash and/or
shares of Common Stock, as applicable), in accordance with their terms; or

(B) if
a Change in Control occurs during the Term of Employment and, within twenty-four (24) months after the effective date of such Change
in Control, Employee terminates Employees employment for Good Reason, provided that Employee satisfies the Release Requirement,
then the Company shall pay Employee, within sixty (60) days after such termination date or, to the extent required by Section 409A of
the Code, on the first day of the seventh month following the Release Delivery Date, a lump sum equal to twenty-four (24) months of Employees
Annual Compensation (without regard to any decrease in the rate of Employees Annual Compensation made after the Change in Control).
In addition, upon such termination, Employees then-outstanding Retention Restricted Stock Unit Awards and Performance Restricted
Stock Unit Awards shall fully vest and be paid in a lump sum (to the extent permitted by Section 409A of the Code, at the same time as
the Annual Compensation lump sum pursuant to the preceding sentence) equal to the cash value of the subject vested shares of Common Stock
as of the effective date of such Change in Control.

-11- 

Following such termination by Employee,
except as set forth in this Section 7(e) and Section 7(g), Employee shall have no further rights to any compensation or
any other benefits under this Agreement.

(f) 
Termination by Employee Without Good Reason. Employee may terminate his employment with the Company at any time,
but must provide at least (sixty) 60 days notice prior to termination without Good Reason. In the event of a termination of employment
by Employee, other than a termination of employment by Employee that qualifies as a termination with Good Reason pursuant to Section
7(e), Employee shall be entitled only to the Accrued Obligations. Following such termination by Employee, except as set forth in this
Section 7(f), Employee shall have no further rights to any compensation or any other benefits under this Agreement.

(g) 
Benefits. Upon the occurrence of a termination of Employees employment pursuant to Section 7(d) or
Section 7(e) the Company shall also cause to be continued, for a period of time equal to the number of months of severance pay
due to Employee, such life, medical and dental insurance coverage as is otherwise maintained by the Company for full-time employeesand
in the case of tiered programs, at the same level of coverage previously elected by Employee and in place at the time of termination(based
on the Base Salary in effect immediately prior to the date Employees employment terminates), subject to the limitations set forth
in such plans, programs or policies, provided that Employee shall continue to pay all amounts in respect of such coverage that an employee
receiving the same level of coverage is or would be required to pay (the employee contribution). The foregoing payments and benefits will
not be made or may be treated as taxable income to the Employee where necessary to avoid violating applicable laws, rules, or regulations,
including under the Code. This Section 7(g) does not affect the Companys right to modify or eliminate any benefits provided
to its senior executives or employees generally.

(h) 
Release. Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, the Company may require that, prior to payment of
any amount or provision of any benefit pursuant to Section 7(d), Section 7(e), or Section 7(g) (other than the Accrued
Obligations), Employee shall have executed, on or prior to the Release Expiration Date, a Release, and any revocation period contained
in such Release shall have expired. In the event that Employee fails to execute a Release in favor of the Company and its subsidiaries
and affiliates and their respective related parties on or prior to the Release Expiration Date, Employee shall not be entitled to any
payments or benefits pursuant to Section 7(d), Section 7(e), or Section 7(g) (other than the Accrued Obligations).

(i) Exclusive
Rights. The severance benefits specified in this Section 7 (i) shall be in lieu of any severance pay or other severance benefit
that the Company may provide to terminated employees pursuant to policies of the Company that may at that time be in effect and (ii)
shall not in any way affect Employees entitlement to the receipt of a pro-rated cash bonus or other cash incentive that Employee
is otherwise eligible to earn in the ordinary course, during the partial year prior to date of termination, pursuant to each plan or
program (whether or not such plan or program has been formalized or is in written form) of the Company in effect for such year that provides
for cash bonuses or other cash incentives (provided that the Company goals that trigger the obligation of the Company to pay any such
cash bonus or other cash incentives are satisfied). Except in connection with any termination of Employees employment by the Company
with Cause or by Employee without Good Reason, in such event, provided that Employee satisfies the Release Requirement, such partial
year cash bonus or other cash incentive shall be paid to Employee when cash bonuses are paid to the Companys other senior executive
with respect to such year, but no event later than seventy-five (75) days after the end of such year.

-12- 

Section
8. Works for Hire. Employee agrees that the Company shall own all right, title and interest throughout
the world in and to any and all inventions, original works of authorship, developments, concepts, know-how, improvements or trade secrets,
whether or not patentable or registerable under copyright or similar laws, which Employee may solely or jointly conceive or develop or
reduce to practice, or cause to be conceived or developed or reduced to practice during the Term of Employment, whether or not during
regular working hours, provided such inventions, original works of authorship, developments, concepts, know-how, improvements or trade
secrets (i) relate at the time of conception or development to the actual or demonstrably proposed business or research and development
activities of the Company or its subsidiaries; (ii) result from or relate to any work performed for the Company or its subsidiaries; or
(iii) are developed through the use of Confidential Information and/or Company resources or in consultation with Company personnel (such
inventions, original works of authorship, developments, concepts, know-how, improvements or trade secrets are collectively referred to
herein as Developments). Employee hereby assigns all right, title and interest in and to any and all of these Developments
to the Company. Employee agrees to assist the Company, at the Companys expense, to further evidence, record and perfect such assignments,
and to perfect, obtain, maintain, enforce, and defend any rights specified to be so owned or assigned. Employee hereby irrevocably designates
and appoints the Company and its agents as attorneys-in-fact to act for and on Employees behalf to execute and file any document
and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the purposes of the foregoing with the same legal force and effect as if executed
by Employee. In addition, and not in contravention of any of the foregoing, Employee acknowledges that all original works of authorship
which are made by him (solely or jointly with others) within the scope of employment and which are protectable by copyright are works
made for hire, as that term is defined in the United States Copyright Act (17 USC Sec. 101). To the extent allowed by law, this
includes all rights of paternity, integrity, disclosure and withdrawal and any other rights that may be known as or referred to as moral
rights. To the extent Employee retains any such moral rights under applicable law, Employee hereby waives such moral rights and
consents to any action consistent with the terms of this Agreement with respect to such moral rights, in each case, to the full extent
of such applicable law. Employee will confirm any such waivers and consents from time to time as requested by the Company.

Section
9. Confidentiality; Restricted
Activities. Employee agrees that some restrictions on his activities are necessary to protect the goodwill,
Confidential Information and other legitimate interests of the Company and its affiliates:

(a) 
From and after the date of this Agreement, Employee shall not disclose Confidential Information to, or use Confidential
Information for the benefit of, any Person, except (i) as required in the performance of Employees obligations under this Agreement,
(ii) to the extent required by an order of a court having jurisdiction over Employee or under subpoena from an appropriate government
agency, in which event, Employee shall use his good faith efforts to consult with the General Counsel of the Company prior to responding
to any such order or subpoena, (iii) in initiating communications directly with, responding to any inquiry from, providing information
to or testimony before, or filing a complaint with, any law enforcement agency, including but not limited to the Occupational Safety and
Health Administration (OSHA), the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the United States
Congress, the Department of Justice, or any agency Inspector General, about actual or potential violations of laws or regulations, or
making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of federal law or regulation, or (iv) in providing information
pursuant to, or receiving and fully retaining a monetary award from, a government-administered whistleblower award program (such as, but
not limited to, the SEC or Internal Revenue Service whistleblower award programs) for providing information directly to a government agency.
Further, Employee is advised that pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act an individual will not
be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (i) is made
(A) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and (B) solely
for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in
a lawsuit or other proceeding if such filing is made under seal. Further, an individual who files a lawsuit alleging retaliation by an
employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the individual's attorney and use the trade secret
information in the court proceeding if the individual (A) files any document containing the trade secret under seal and (B) does not otherwise
disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. Employee understands that any disclosure by Employee of the Companys
trade secrets not done in good faith consistent with the above may subject Employee to substantial damages, including punitive damages
and attorneys fees.

-13- 

(b) 
Employee agrees that, during the period commencing on the date of this Agreement and ending on the two (2) year anniversary
of the termination of Employees employment with the Company for any reason (such period, the Restricted Period),
Employee shall not, directly or indirectly, individually or jointly, own any interest in, operate, join, control or participate as a partner,
director, principal, officer, or agent of, enter into the employment of, act as a consultant to, or perform any services for any Person
(other than the Company or its subsidiaries), that engages in any Competitive Activities within the United States of America or any other
jurisdiction in which the Company or its subsidiaries are engaged (or have committed plans to engage) in business during the Consulting
Period (the Restricted Area). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this Section 9 shall not prevent
Employee from acquiring or holding as an investment securities (x) of the Company or (y) representing not more than three percent (3%)
of the outstanding voting securities of any other publicly-held corporation.

(c) 
During the Restricted Period, Employee shall not, for his own account or for the account of any other Person (other than
the Company or its subsidiaries), engage in Interfering Activities.

(d) 
Without limiting the remedies available to the Company, Employee acknowledges that a breach of any of the covenants contained
in this Section 9 may result in material irreparable injury to the Company or its subsidiaries for which there is no adequate remedy
at law, that it will not be possible to measure damages for such injuries precisely and that, in the event of such a breach or threat
thereof, the Company shall be entitled to seek a temporary restraining order and/or a preliminary or permanent injunction, without the
necessity of proving irreparable harm or injury as a result of such breach or threatened breach of this Section 9, restraining
Employee from engaging in activities prohibited by this Section 9 or such other relief as may be required specifically to enforce
any of the covenants in this Section 9. Notwithstanding any other provision herein to the contrary, the Restricted Period shall
be tolled during any period of violation of Section 9(b) or Section 9(c) and during any other period required for litigation
during which the Company seeks to enforce such covenants against Employee if it is ultimately determined that Employee was in breach of
such covenants.

(e) 
If any court of competent jurisdiction shall at any time determine that any covenant or agreement contained in this Section
9 exceeds the temporal, geographic or other limitations permitted by applicable law in any jurisdiction and renders such covenant
or agreement unenforceable, the other provisions of this Section 9 shall nevertheless remain in effect and such covenant or agreement
shall be deemed to be reformed and modified to the maximum temporal, geographic or other limitation permitted by law under the circumstances,
and the Company and Employee each agree that any such court shall be expressly empowered to so reform and modify such covenant or agreement.

-14- 

(f) Employee
acknowledges and agrees that (A) the agreements and covenants contained in this Section 9 (i) are reasonable and valid in geographical
and temporal scope and in all other respects, (ii) are essential to protect the value of the business, assets and confidential information
of the Company and its subsidiaries and (iii) will not impose any undue hardship on Employee, (B) Employee has and will obtain valuable
knowledge (including knowledge of the Companys trade secrets, customer relationships and other confidential information), contacts,
know-how, training and experience and such knowledge, know-how, contacts, training and experience could be used to the substantial detriment
of the Company and its subsidiaries, and (C) the markets served by the Company and its subsidiaries include each state within the Restricted
Area and are not dependent on the geographical location of the Companys offices or its employees. Employee further acknowledges
that the Companys agreement to enter into the Agreement and to make the payments and take the actions contemplated herein is conditioned
upon Employees agreement to the terms set forth in this Section 9 and the Companys agreement to enter into the Agreement
constitutes good and valuable consideration for Employees agreement to the restrictions set forth in this Section 9.

(g) 
In the event of the termination of Employees employment for any reason, Employee shall deliver to the Company all
of (i) the property of the Company and (ii) the documents and data of any nature and in whatever medium of the Company, and he shall not
take with him any such property, documents or data or any reproduction thereof, or any documents containing or pertaining to any Confidential
Information.

Section
10. Injunctive Relief.

Without limiting the remedies
available to the Company, Employee acknowledges that a breach of any of the covenants contained in Section 9 hereof may result
in material irreparable injury to the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates for which there is no adequate remedy at law, that it
will not be possible to measure damages for such injuries precisely and that, in the event of such a breach or threat thereof, the Company
shall be entitled to obtain a temporary restraining order and/or a preliminary or permanent injunction, without the necessity of proving
irreparable harm or injury as a result of such breach or threatened breach of Section 9 hereof, restraining Employee from engaging
in activities prohibited by Section 9 hereof or such other relief as may be required specifically to enforce any of the covenants
in Section 9 hereof. Notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary, the Restricted Period shall be tolled during any period
of violation of any of the covenants in Section 9(b) or Section 9(c) hereof and during any other period required for litigation
during which the Company seeks to enforce such covenants against Employee if it is ultimately determined that Employee was in breach of
such covenants.

Section
11. Representations and
Warranties of Employee.

Employee represents and warrants to the
Company that:

(a) Employee
is entering into this Agreement voluntarily and that his employment hereunder and compliance with the terms and conditions hereof will
not conflict with or result in the breach by him of any agreement to which he is a party or by which he may be bound;

(b) He
has not, and in connection with his employment with the Company will not, violate any non-solicitation or other similar covenant or agreement
by which he is or may be bound; and

(c) In
connection with his employment with the Company he will not use any confidential or proprietary information he may have obtained in connection
with employment with any prior employer.

-15- 

Section
12. Taxes.

(a) 
The Company may withhold from any payments made under this Agreement, including payments made pursuant to Section 7,
all applicable taxes, including, but not limited to, income, employment and social insurance taxes, as shall be required by law. Employee
acknowledges and represents that the Company has not provided any tax advice to him in connection with this Agreement and that he has
been advised by the Company to seek tax advice from his own tax advisors regarding this Agreement and payments that may be made
to him pursuant to this Agreement, including, specifically, the application of the provisions of Sections 280G or 409A of the Code to
such payments.

(b) In
the event that any amount otherwise payable pursuant to Section 7 would be deemed to constitute a parachute payment (a Parachute
Payment) within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, and if any such Parachute Payment, when added to any other payments
which are deemed to constitute Parachute Payments, would otherwise result in the imposition of an excise tax under Section 4999 of the
Code, the amounts payable hereunder shall be reduced by the smallest amount necessary to avoid the imposition of such excise tax. Any
such limitation shall be applied to such compensation and benefit amounts, and in such order, as the Company shall determine in its sole
discretion.

Section
13. Set Off.

The Companys obligation
to pay Employee the amounts provided and to make the arrangements provided hereunder shall be subject to set-off, counterclaim or recoupment
of amounts owed by Employee to the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates to the greatest extent permitted by applicable law.

Section
14. Delay in Payment.

Notwithstanding any provision
in this Agreement to the contrary, any payment otherwise required to be made hereunder to Employee at any date as a result of the termination
of Employees employment shall be delayed for such period of time as may be necessary to meet the requirements of section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i)
of the Code. On the earliest date on which such payments can be made without violating the requirements of section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of
the Code, there shall be paid to Employee, in a single cash lump sum, an amount equal to the aggregate amount of all payments delayed
pursuant to the preceding sentence. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this Agreement shall be interpreted, operated and
administered in a manner consistent with such intentions; provided, however, that in no event shall the Company or its agents,
subsidiaries, affiliates or successors be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalty that may be imposed on Employee pursuant
to Section 409A of the Code or for any damages incurred by Employee as a result of this Agreement (or the payment or benefits hereunder)
failing to comply with, or be exempt from, Section 409A of the Code.

Section
15. Successors and Assigns;
No Third-Party Beneficiaries.

(a) 
The Company. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and its successors and
assigns. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, obligations or interests arising hereunder may be assigned by the Company without
Employees prior written consent, to a Person other than a subsidiary, affiliate or parent entity of the Company, or their respective
successors or assigns; provided, however, that, in the event of the merger, consolidation, transfer or sale of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Company with or to any other Person, this Agreement shall, subject to the provisions hereof, be freely assignable
to, and be binding upon and inure to the benefit of, each such Person, without Employees consent, and, to the extent the Agreement
has been so assigned, such Person shall discharge and perform all the promises, covenants, duties and obligations of the Company hereunder.

-16- 

(b) Employee.
Employees rights and obligations under this Agreement shall not be transferable by Employee, by assignment or otherwise, without
the prior written consent of the Company; provided, however, that if Employee shall die, all amounts then payable to Employee
hereunder shall be paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to Employees devisee, legatee or other designee or, if
there be no such designee, to Employees estate.

(c) No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. Except as otherwise set forth in Section 7(b) or this Section 15, nothing expressed or referred
to in this Agreement will be construed to give any person or entity other than the Company (and its subsidiaries and affiliates) and
Employee any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or with respect to this Agreement or any provision of this Agreement.

Section
16. Waiver and Amendments.

Any waiver, alteration, amendment
or modification of any of the terms of this Agreement shall be valid only if made in writing and signed by each of the parties hereto;
provided, however, that any such waiver, alteration, amendment or modification is approved by the Board. No waiver by either
of the parties hereto of their rights hereunder shall be deemed to constitute a waiver with respect to any subsequent occurrences or transactions
hereunder unless such waiver specifically states that it is to be construed as a continuing waiver.

Section
17. Severability.

If any covenants or such
other provisions of this Agreement are found to be invalid or unenforceable by a final determination of a court of competent jurisdiction:
(i) the remaining terms and provisions hereof shall be unimpaired, and (ii) the invalid or unenforceable term or provision hereof shall
be deemed replaced by a term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid
or unenforceable term or provision hereof.

Section
18. Governing Law and Jurisdiction.

This Agreement is governed
by and is to be construed under the laws of the State of Connecticut without regard to conflict of laws rules. Any dispute or claim arising
out of or relating to this Agreement or claim of breach hereof (other than claims for injunctive relief, which shall be governed by Section
10 hereof) shall be brought exclusively in the State or Federal courts located in Hartford, Connecticut. By execution of the Agreement,
the parties hereto, and their respective affiliates, consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of such court, and waive any right to challenge
jurisdiction or venue in such court with regard to any suit, action, or proceeding under or in connection with the Agreement. Each party
to this Agreement also hereby waives any right to trial by jury in connection with any suit, action or proceeding under or in connection
with this Agreement.

Section
19. Notices.

(a) Every
notice or other communication relating to this Agreement shall be in writing, and shall be mailed to or delivered to the party for whom
it is intended at such address as may from time to time be designated by it in a notice mailed or delivered to the other party as herein
provided, provided that, unless and until some other address be so designated, all notices or communications by Employee to the Company
shall be mailed or delivered to the Company at its principal executive office, and all notices or communications by the Company to Employee
may be given to Employee personally or may be mailed to Employee at Employees last known address, as reflected in the Companys
records.

-17- 

(b) 
Any notice so addressed shall be deemed to be given: (i) if delivered by hand, on the date of such delivery; (ii) if mailed
by courier or by overnight mail, on the first business day following the date of such mailing; and (iii) if mailed by registered or certified
mail, on the third (3rd) business day after the date of such mailing.

Section
20. Section Headings.

The headings of the sections
and subsections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute a part thereof, affect the meaning
or interpretation of this Agreement or of any term or provision hereof.

Section
21. Entire Agreement.

This Agreement, together with
any exhibits attached hereto, constitutes the entire understanding and agreement of the parties hereto regarding the subject matter hereof.
This Agreement supersedes all prior negotiations, discussions, correspondence, communications, understandings and agreements between the
parties hereto relating to the subject matter of this Agreement, including, without limitation, the Severance Agreement.

Section
22. Survival of Operative
Sections.

Upon any termination of Employees
employment with the Company, the provisions of Section 7 through Section 23 of this Agreement (together with any related
definitions set forth in Section 1 hereof) shall survive to the extent necessary to give effect to the provisions thereof.

Section
23. Counterparts.

This Agreement may be executed
in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same
instrument. The execution of this Agreement may be by actual or facsimile (including by way of PDF files) signature.

* * *

[Signatures to appear on the following page.]

-18- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed
this Employment Agreement as of the date first above written.

COMPANY: 

STURM RUGER & COMPANY, INC. 

By: /S/ KEVIN B. REID, SR. 

Name: Kevin B. Reid, Sr. 

Title: VP, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 

EMPLOYEE: 

/S/ TODD W. SEYFERT Date: January 15, 2025

Todd W. Seyfert 

-19-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT 99.1

FOR RELEASE: January 17, 2025

For further information, contact:

Rob Werkmeister, Vice President of Marketing

rwerkmeister@ruger.com

Sturm, Ruger & Co., Inc. Announces Appointment of Todd
W. Seyfert as its Next President and Chief Executive Officer

Southport, CT Sturm, Ruger & Company, Inc. (NYSE:
RGR) is pleased to announce the appointment of Todd W. Seyfert as its next President and Chief Executive Officer, effective March 1, 2025.
Mr. Seyfert brings to Ruger a distinguished track record of driving corporate growth, profitability, and operational excellence across
multiple manufacturing enterprises.

John A. Cosentino, Jr., Chairman of the Board of Directors, noted,
Todd is an accomplished executive with extensive experience in the outdoor adventure and shooting sports industries, and well recognized
for his leadership, strategic vision, and operational expertise. He will be instrumental in further strengthening Rugers market
position and delivering long-term value to shareholders, employees, and customers alike. The Board of Directors is confident that Todds
appointment has positioned Ruger for sustained growth, profitability and innovation in the years to come.

Recently serving as the Chief Executive Officer of
FeraDyne Outdoors, LLC, a leading manufacturer of premium archery and hunting products, Seyfert had been responsible for driving the companys
growth and innovation. Under his leadership, FeraDyne solidified its position as a market leader through product development, operational
improvements, and strategic acquisitions. His ability to align business strategies with customer needs resulted in significant market
expansion and increased profitability during his tenure.

Before joining FeraDyne, Seyfert held key leadership
roles in several other manufacturing and consumer goods companies, where he honed his skills in operational excellence, team development,
and financial management. His extensive industry background includes well-known companies such as ATK/Vista Outdoors, Magnum Research,
Bushnell, Michaels of Oregon, and Birchwood Laboratories. He is known for his commitment to building high-performing teams and fostering
a culture of accountability and innovation.

Throughout his career, Seyfert has demonstrated a
strong ability to navigate complex challenges and deliver measurable results. His leadership style emphasizes collaboration, adaptability,
and a relentless focus on achieving organizational goals.

I am honored to join Ruger and am eager to build upon the
strong foundation established by Chris Killoy, the executive team and the 1,800 Ruger employees, said Seyfert. I look forward
to leading Ruger into its next phase of growth while maintaining our commitment to the Companys core values of integrity, respect,
innovation, and teamwork.

-20- 

Mr. Cosentino expressed the Companys deepest gratitude to Chris
Killoy for his exceptional leadership and dedication over the past 20 years, Chris successfully guided the Company through transformative
milestones, including the pivotal acquisition of Marlin Firearms that expanded our capabilities and market presence, as well as expertly
steering the organization through the unprecedented challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic. During his tenure, we introduced numerous innovative
and commercially successful new products, including the recently launched RXM pistol.

Killoy joined Ruger in 2003, was named Vice President
of Sales and Marketing in 2006, became President and Chief Operating Officer in 2014, and assumed the role of Chief Executive Officer
in 2017. Under his leadership, Ruger has solidified its position as one of the leading firearms manufacturers in the United States, renowned
for its innovation, quality, and customer focus.

Prior to his tenure at Ruger, Killoy held key leadership
roles at Smith & Wesson Corp. and Savage Range Systems, where he honed his expertise in sales, product development, and operational
management. His deep product and industry knowledge, coupled with a commitment to excellence, has made him a highly respected figure in
the firearms sector.

Cosentino continued, Throughout his career,
Chris has emphasized the importance of new product development, manufacturing excellence, and taking care of Ruger employees. His ability
to navigate complex challenges while delivering value to stakeholders has been a hallmark of his leadership.

Killoy will serve as a Special Advisor to Seyfert
and the Board of Directors through his planned retirement from the Company in May 2025 and will remain on the Ruger Board.

Mr. Killoy commented on his tenure at Ruger, It has been
an honor to lead Ruger and work alongside such an extraordinary team. I am confident in Todds ability to drive the Companys
continued success and am excited to see what the future holds for Ruger. While transitioning is always bittersweet, I am thrilled to continue
contributing to the Companys success as a member of the Board of Directors. This will allow me to remain closely connected to Ruger
and support Todd and the leadership team as they guide the Company into its next chapter of growth and innovation.

About Ruger Firearms

Sturm, Ruger & Co., Inc. is one of the nation's leading manufacturers
of rugged, reliable firearms for the commercial sporting market. With products made in America, Ruger offers consumers almost 800 variations
of more than 40 product lines, across both the Ruger and Marlin brands. For over 75 years, Ruger has been a model of corporate and community
responsibility. Our motto, Arms Makers for Responsible Citizens, echoes our commitment to these principles
as we work hard to deliver quality and innovative firearms.

-21- 

Forward-Looking Statements

The Company may, from time to time, make forward-looking
statements and projections concerning future expectations. Such statements are based on current expectations and are subject to certain
qualifying risks and uncertainties, such as market demand, sales levels of firearms, anticipated castings sales and earnings, the need
for external financing for operations or capital expenditures, the results of pending litigation against the Company, the impact of future
firearms control and environmental legislation, and accounting estimates, any one or more of which could cause actual results to differ
materially from those projected. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only
as of the date made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publish revised forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances
after the date such forward-looking statements are made or to reflect the occurrence of subsequent unanticipated events.

-22-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>rgr-20250115.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>rgr-20250115_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>rgr-20250115_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>image_003.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>image_004.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 15, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 15, 2025

Entity File Number 001-10435

Entity Registrant Name STURM, RUGER & COMPANY, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0000095029

Entity Tax Identification Number 06-0633559

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One One Lacey Place

Entity Address, City or Town Southport

Entity Address, State or Province CT

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 06890

City Area Code (203)

Local Phone Number 259-7843

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock

Trading Symbol RGR

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://ruger.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8k-33404_rgr.htm 
rgr-20250115.xsd 
rgr-20250115_lab.xml 
rgr-20250115_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001174947-25-000035-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>form8k-33404_rgr_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000095029 

2025-01-15 
2025-01-15 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000095029 
8-K 
2025-01-15 
STURM, RUGER & COMPANY, INC. 
DE 
001-10435 
06-0633559 
One Lacey Place 
Southport 
CT 
06890 
(203) 
259-7843 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
RGR 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>