<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001538263-25-000015.txt : 20250211
<SEC-HEADER>0001538263-25-000015.hdr.sgml : 20250211
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250211085353
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001538263-25-000015
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		34
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250210
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250211
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250211

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HomeTrust Bancshares, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001538263
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35593
		FILM NUMBER:		25607829

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10 WOODFIN STREET
		CITY:			ASHEVILLE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28801
		BUSINESS PHONE:		828-259-3939

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10 WOODFIN STREET
		CITY:			ASHEVILLE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28801

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HomeTrustBancshares, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111227
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>htbi-20250210.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?htbi-20250210

0001538263FALSE10 Woodfin StreetAshevilleNorth Carolina(828)259-393912/3100015382632025-02-102025-02-10

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 10, 2025

HOMETRUST BANCSHARES, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Maryland 001-35593 45-5055422

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.)

10 Woodfin Street, Asheville, North Carolina 28801

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (828)259-3939

Not Applicable 

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report) 

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share HTBI The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 3.01 Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing

On February 10, 2025, HomeTrust Bancshares, Inc., (the "Company"), acting pursuant to authorization from its Board of Directors, notified the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC (NASDAQ) of its intention to voluntarily withdraw the listing of its common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Common Stock), from NASDAQ and transfer the listing to the New York Stock Exchange LLC (the NYSE).

The Company expects the listing and trading of the Common Stock on NASDAQ to cease at the close of trading on February 21, 2025 and the listing and trading of the Common Stock on the NYSE to commence at market open on February 24, 2025. The Common Stock has been approved for listing on the NYSE, where it will trade under the symbol HTB.

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year

On February 10, 2025, the Company's Board of Directors approved an amendment to the Companys bylaws, which became effective immediately. The amendment affects the mandatory director retirement provision contained in Article II, Section 12 of the Company's bylaws.

Prior to the amendment, Article II, Section 12 generally prohibited a person who is 72 years of age or older from being elected, re-elected, appointed or re-appointed to the Board or from continuing to serve as a director beyond the annual meeting of stockholders of the Company immediately following the non-employee directors attaining age 72 (such age being referred to below as the "Director Retirement Age" and such provision being referred to below as the "Director Retirement Provision," in each case under the Company's bylaws as in effect prior to the amendment). The Board had the discretion to exempt a director who was a director of the Company on June 30, 2016 and was between 72 and 74 years of age from the Director Retirement Provision until the next annual meeting of stockholders of the Company (the Extension Option).

Article II, Section 12 was amended to (i) change the Director Retirement Age to 75 and (ii) eliminate the Extension Option.

The foregoing description of the amendment is qualified in its entirety by reference to the text of the Company's amended and restated bylaws, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 3.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure

On February 11, 2025, the Company issued a press release regarding its intention to transfer the listing of the Common Stock from NASDAQ to the NYSE, attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1.

The information furnished pursuant to this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) or otherwise subject to the liabilities under Section 18 of the Exchange Act and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) Exhibits

3.1 Amended and Restated Bylaws of HomeTrust Bancshares, Inc.

99.1 Press release dated February 11, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

HOMETRUST BANCSHARES, INC.

Date: February 11, 2025 By: /s/ Tony J. VunCannon

Tony J. VunCannon

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Corporate Secretary and Treasurer

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>htbiamendedandrestatedby.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
htbiamendedandrestatedby

AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS OF HOMETRUST BANCSHARES, INC. (Effective February 10, 2025) ARTICLE I STOCKHOLDERS Section 1. Annual Meeting. The Corporation shall hold an annual meeting of its stockholders to elect directors to succeed those whose terms expire and to transact any other business within its powers, at such place, on such date, and at such time as the Board of Directors shall each year fix. Except as provided otherwise by the Corporations Charter or by law, any business may be considered at an annual meeting without the purpose of the meeting having been specified in the notice. Failure to hold an annual meeting does not invalidate the Corporations existence or affect any otherwise valid corporate act. Section 2. Special Meetings. Special meetings of stockholders of the Corporation may be called by the Chair of the Board of Directors, the Vice Chair/Lead Director, the Chief Executive Officer or the President or by the Board of Directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of directors which the Corporation would have if there were no vacancies on the Board of Directors (hereinafter the "Whole Board"). Special meetings of the stockholders shall be called by the Secretary at the request of stockholders only on the written request of stockholders entitled to cast at least a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast at the meeting. Such written request shall state the purpose or purposes of the meeting and the matters proposed to be acted upon at the meeting, and shall be delivered at the principal office of the Corporation addressed to the President or the Secretary. The Secretary shall inform the stockholders who make the request of the reasonably estimated cost of preparing and mailing a notice of the meeting and, upon payment of these costs to the Corporation, notify each stockholder entitled to notice of the meeting. The Board of Directors shall have the sole power to fix (1) the record date for determining stockholders entitled to request a special meeting of stockholders and the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at the special meeting and (2) the date, time and place of the special meeting and the means of remote communication, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be considered present in person and may vote at the special meeting. 

2 Section 3. Notice of Meetings; Adjournment. Not less than ten nor more than 90 days before each stockholders meeting, the Secretary shall give notice in writing or by electronic transmission of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at the meeting and to each other stockholder entitled to notice of the meeting. The notice shall state the time and place of the meeting, the means of remote communication, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and may vote at the meeting, and, if the meeting is a special meeting or notice of the purpose is required by statute, the purpose of the meeting. Notice is given to a stockholder when it is personally delivered to the stockholder, left at the stockholders usual place of business, mailed to the stockholder at his or her address as it appears on the records of the Corporation, or transmitted to the stockholder by an electronic transmission to any address or number of the stockholder at which the stockholder receives electronic transmissions. If the Corporation has received a request from a stockholder that notice not be sent by electronic transmission, the Corporation may not provide notice to the stockholder by electronic transmission. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, each person who is entitled to notice waives notice if such person, before or after the meeting, delivers a written waiver or waiver by electronic transmission which is filed with the records of the stockholders meetings, or is present at the meeting in person or by proxy. A meeting of stockholders convened on the date for which it was called may be adjourned from time to time without further notice to a date not more than 120 days after the original record date. At any adjourned meeting, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the original meeting. As used in these Bylaws, the term electronic transmission shall have the meaning given to such term by Section 1-101(k-1) of the Maryland General Corporation Law (the MGCL) or any successor provision. Section 4. Quorum. At any meeting of the stockholders, the holders of at least one-third of all of the shares of the stock entitled to vote at the meeting, present in person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for all purposes, unless or except to the extent that the presence of a larger number may be required by law. Unless the Charter of the Corporation provides otherwise, where a separate vote by a class or classes is required, a majority of the shares of such class or classes, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum entitled to take action with respect to that vote on that matter. If a quorum shall fail to attend any meeting, the Chair of the meeting or the holders of a majority of the shares of stock entitled to vote who are present, in person or by proxy, may, in accordance with Section 3 of this Article I, adjourn the meeting to another place, date or time. Section 5. Organization and Conduct of Business. The Chair of the Board of Directors or, in his or her absence, the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation or, in his or her absence, the President of the Corporation, or in his or her 

3 absence such person as the Board of Directors may have designated or, in the absence of such a person, such person as may be chosen by the holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote who are present, in person or by proxy, shall call to order any meeting of the stockholders and act as Chair of the meeting. In the absence of the Secretary of the Corporation, the secretary of the meeting shall be such person as the chair appoints. The Chair of any meeting of stockholders shall determine the order of business and the procedure at the meeting, including such regulation of the manner of voting and the conduct of discussion as seem to him or her in order. Section 6. Advance Notice Provisions for Business to be Transacted at Annual Meetings and Elections of Directors. (a) At any annual meeting of the stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall have been brought before the meeting (i) as specified in the Corporations notice of the meeting, (ii) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (iii) by any stockholder of the Corporation who (1) is a stockholder of record on the date of giving the notice provided for in this Section 6(a) and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at such annual meeting, and (2) complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 6(a). For business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to clause (iii) of the immediately preceding sentence, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation and such business must otherwise be a proper matter for action by stockholders. To be timely, a stockholder's notice must be delivered or mailed to and received by the Secretary at the principal executive office of the Corporation by not later than the close of business on the 90th day prior to the first anniversary of the date of the preceding year's annual meeting and not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the first anniversary of the date of the preceding year's annual meeting; provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is advanced by more than 20 days, or delayed by more than 60 days, from the anniversary date of the preceding year's annual meeting, or in the event the annual meeting is the first annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so received not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the date of such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of (A) the 90th day prior to the date of such annual meeting or (B) the tenth day following the first to occur of (i) the day on which notice of the date of the annual meeting was mailed or otherwise transmitted or (ii) the day on which public announcement of the date of the annual meeting was first made by the Corporation. No adjournment or postponement of a meeting of stockholders shall commence a new period for the giving of notice hereunder. A stockholder's notice to the Secretary must set forth as to each matter such stockholder proposes to bring before the annual meeting: (i) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting; (ii) the name and address of such stockholder as they appear on the Corporation's books and of the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made; (iii) the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by such stockholder and such beneficial owner; (iv) a description of all arrangements or understandings between such stockholder and any other person or persons (including their 

4 names) in connection with the proposal of such business by such stockholder and any material interest of such stockholder in such business; and (v) a representation that such stockholder intends to appear in person or by proxy at the annual meeting to bring such business before the meeting. Notwithstanding anything in these Bylaws to the contrary, no business shall be brought before or conducted at an annual meeting except in accordance with the provisions of this Section 6(a). The officer of the Corporation or other person presiding over the annual meeting shall, if the facts so warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that business was not properly brought before the meeting in accordance with the provisions of this Section 6(a) and, if he or she should so determine, he or she shall so declare to the meeting and any such business so determined to be not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted. At any special meeting of the stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall have been brought before the meeting pursuant to the Corporations notice of the meeting. (b) Only persons who are nominated in accordance with the following procedures shall be eligible for election as directors of the Corporation. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors of the Corporation may be made at a meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected only (i) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or a committee thereof or (ii) by any stockholder of the Corporation who (1) is a stockholder of record on the date of giving the notice provided for in this Section 6(b) and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting, and (2) complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 6(b). Such nominations, other than those made by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, shall be made by timely notice in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, a stockholder's notice shall be delivered or mailed to and received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not less than 90 days or more than 120 days prior to the date of the meeting; provided, however, that in the event that less than 100 days' notice or public announcement of the date of the meeting is given or made to stockholders, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so received not later than the close of business on the tenth day following the day on which such notice of the date of the meeting was mailed or otherwise transmitted or the day on which public announcement of the date of the meeting was first made by the Corporation, whichever shall first occur. A stockholder's notice must be in writing and set forth (a) as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election as a director, all information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors, or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or any successor rule or regulation; and (b) as to the stockholder giving the notice: (i) the name and address of such stockholder as they appear on the Corporation's books and of the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made; (ii) the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by such stockholder and such beneficial owner; (iii) a description of all arrangements or understandings between such stockholder and each proposed nominee and any other person or persons (including their names) pursuant to which the nomination(s) are to be made by such stockholder; (iv) a representation that such stockholder intends to appear in person 

5 or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the persons named in its notice; and (v) any other information relating to such stockholder that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act or any successor rule or regulation. Such notice must be accompanied by a written consent of each proposed nominee to be named as a nominee and to serve as a director if elected. No person shall be eligible for election as a director of the Corporation unless nominated in accordance with the provisions of this Section 6(b). The officer of the Corporation or other person presiding at the meeting shall, if the facts so warrant, determine that a nomination was not made in accordance with such provisions and, if he or she should so determine, he or she shall so declare to the meeting and the defective nomination shall be disregarded. (c) For purposes of subsections (a) and (b) of this Section 6, the term public announcement shall mean disclosure (i) in a press release reported by a nationally recognized news service, (ii) in a document publicly filed or furnished by the Corporation with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or (iii) on a website maintained by the Corporation. Section 7. Proxies and Voting. Unless the Charter of the Corporation provides for a greater or lesser number of votes per share or limits or denies voting rights, each outstanding share of stock, regardless of class, is entitled to one vote on each matter submitted to a vote at a meeting of stockholders; however, a share is not entitled to be voted if any installment payable on it is overdue and unpaid. In all elections for directors, directors shall be determined by a plurality of the votes cast, and except as otherwise required by law or as provided in the Charter of the Corporation, all other matters voted on by stockholders shall be determined by a majority of the votes cast on the matter. A stockholder may vote the stock the stockholder owns of record either in person or by proxy. A stockholder may sign a writing authorizing another person to act as proxy. Signing may be accomplished by the stockholder or the stockholders authorized agent signing the writing or causing the stockholders signature to be affixed to the writing by any reasonable means, including facsimile signature. A stockholder may authorize another person to act as proxy by transmitting, or authorizing the transmission of, an authorization for the person to act as the proxy to the person authorized to act as proxy or to any other person authorized to receive the proxy authorization on behalf of the person authorized to act as the proxy, including a proxy solicitation firm or proxy support service organization. The authorization may be transmitted by a telegram, cablegram, datagram, electronic mail or any other electronic or telephonic means. Unless a proxy provides otherwise, it is not valid more than 11 months after its date. A proxy is revocable by a stockholder at any time without condition or qualification unless the proxy states that it is irrevocable and the proxy is coupled with an interest. A proxy may be made irrevocable for as long as it is coupled with an interest. The interest with which a proxy may be coupled includes an interest in the stock to be voted under the proxy or another general interest in the Corporation or its assets or liabilities. 

6 Section 8. Consent of Stockholders in Lieu of Meeting. Except as provided in the following sentence, any action required or permitted to be taken at a meeting of stockholders may be taken without a meeting if a unanimous consent which sets forth the action is given in writing or by electronic transmission by each stockholder entitled to vote on the matter and is filed in paper or electronic format with the records of stockholder meetings. Unless the Charter of the Corporation requires otherwise, the holders of any class of the Corporation's stock other than common stock, entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, may take action or consent to any action by delivering a consent in writing or by electronic transmission of the stockholders entitled to cast not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take the action at a meeting of the stockholders if the Corporation gives notice of the action so taken to each stockholder not later than ten days after the effective time of the action. Section 9. Conduct of Voting. The Board of Directors shall, in advance of any meeting of stockholders, appoint one or more persons as inspectors of election, to act at the meeting or any adjournment thereof and make a written report thereof, in accordance with applicable law. At all meetings of stockholders, the proxies and ballots shall be received, and all questions touching the qualification of voters and the validity of proxies and the acceptance or rejection of votes shall be decided or determined by the inspector of elections. All voting, including on the election of directors but excepting where otherwise required by law, may be by a voice vote; provided, however, that upon demand therefor by a stockholder entitled to vote or his or her proxy or the Chair of the meeting, a written vote shall be taken. Every written vote shall be taken by ballot, each of which shall state the name of the stockholder or proxy voting and such other information as may be required under the procedure established for the meeting. Every vote taken by ballot shall be counted by an inspector or inspectors appointed by the Chair of the meeting. No candidate for election as a director at a meeting shall serve as an inspector at such meeting. Section 10. Control Share Acquisition Act. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Charter of the Corporation or these Bylaws, Title 3, Subtitle 7 of the MGCL (or any successor statute) shall not apply to any acquisition by any person of shares of stock of the Corporation. This Section 10 may be repealed, in whole or in part, at any time, whether before or after an acquisition of Control Shares (as defined in Section 3-701(d) of the MGCL, or any successor provision) and, upon such repeal, may, to the extent provided by any successor bylaw, apply to any prior or subsequent Control Share Acquisition (as defined in Section 3-701(e) of the MGCL, or any successor provision). 

7 ARTICLE II BOARD OF DIRECTORS Section 1. General Powers, Number and Term of Office. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed under the direction of the Board of Directors. The number of directors of the Corporation shall, by virtue of the Corporation's election made hereby to be governed by Section 3-804(b) of the MGCL, be fixed from time to time exclusively by vote of the Board of Directors; provided, however, that such number shall never be less than the minimum number of directors required by the MGCL now or hereafter in force. The Board of Directors shall annually elect a Chair of the Board and one or more Vice Chairs from among its members, and if the Board of Directors has determined that the Chair of the Board is not independent then the Board of Directors shall designate a Vice Chair to serve as Lead Director (the Vice Chair/Lead Director). The Board of Directors shall designate, when present, either the Chair of the Board or the Vice Chair/Lead Director to preside at its meetings. The directors, other than those who may be elected by the holders of any series of preferred stock, shall be divided into three classes, as nearly equal in number as reasonably possible, with the term of office of the first class to expire at the first annual meeting of stockholders, the term of office of the second class to expire at the annual meeting of stockholders one year thereafter and the term of office of the third class to expire at the annual meeting of stockholders two years thereafter, with each director to hold office until his or her successor shall have been duly elected and qualified. At each annual meeting of stockholders, commencing with the first annual meeting, directors elected to succeed those directors whose terms expire shall be elected for a term of office to expire at the third succeeding annual meeting of stockholders after their election or for such shorter period of time as the Board of Directors may determine, with each director to hold office until his or her successor shall have been duly elected and qualified. Section 2. Vacancies and Newly Created Directorships. By virtue of the Corporation's election made hereby to be subject to Section 3-804(c) of the MGCL, any vacancies in the Board of Directors resulting from an increase in the size of the Board of Directors or the death, resignation or removal of a director may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors in office, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum, and any director elected to fill a vacancy shall hold office for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors in which the vacancy occurred and until a successor is elected and qualifies. No decrease in the number of directors constituting the Board of Directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director. 

8 Section 3. Regular Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held at such place or places or by means of remote communication, on such date or dates, and at such time or times as shall have been established by the Board of Directors and publicized among all directors. A notice of each regular meeting shall not be required. Any regular meeting of the Board of Directors may adjourn from time to time to reconvene at the same or some other place, and no notice need be given of any such adjourned meeting other than by announcement. Section 4. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by one-third (1/3) of the directors then in office (rounded up to the nearest whole number) or by the Chair of the Board, the Vice Chair/Lead Director, the Chief Executive Officer or the President and shall be held at such place or by means of remote communication, on such date, and at such time as they or he or she shall fix. Notice of the place, date, and time of each such special meeting shall be given to each director by whom it is not waived by mailing written notice not less than five days before the meeting or by telegraphing or telexing or by facsimile or electronic transmission of the same not less than 24 hours before the meeting. Any director may waive notice of any special meeting, either before or after such meeting, by delivering a written waiver or a waiver by electronic transmission that is filed with the records of the meeting. Attendance of a director at a special meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where the director attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at nor the purpose of any special meeting of the Board of Directors need be specified in the notice of such meeting. Any special meeting of the Board of Directors may adjourn from time to time to reconvene at the same or some other place, and no notice need be given of any such adjourned meeting other than by announcement. Section 5. Quorum. At any meeting of the Board of Directors, a majority of the authorized number of directors then constituting the Board shall constitute a quorum for all purposes. If a quorum shall fail to attend any meeting, a majority of those present may adjourn the meeting to another place, date, or time, without further notice or waiver thereof. Section 6. Participation in Meetings By Conference Telephone. Members of the Board of Directors, or of any committee thereof, may participate in a meeting of such Board or committee by means of a conference telephone or other communications equipment if all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other at the same time. Such participation shall constitute presence in person at such meeting. 

9 Section 7. Conduct of Business. At any meeting of the Board of Directors, business shall be transacted in such order and manner as the Board may from time to time determine, and all matters shall be determined by the vote of a majority of the directors present, except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws, the Corporations Charter or required by law. Action may be taken by the Board of Directors without a meeting if a unanimous consent which sets forth the action is given in writing or by electronic transmission by each member of the Board of Directors and filed in paper or electronic form with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors. Section 8. Powers. All powers of the Corporation may be exercised by or under the authority of the Board of Directors except as conferred on or reserved to the stockholders by law or by the Corporations Charter or these Bylaws. Consistent with the foregoing, the Board of Directors shall have, among other powers, the unqualified power: (i) To declare dividends from time to time in accordance with law; (ii) To purchase or otherwise acquire any property, rights or privileges on such terms as it shall determine; (iii) To authorize the creation, making and issuance, in such form as it may determine, of written obligations of every kind, negotiable or non-negotiable, secured or unsecured, and to do all things necessary in connection therewith; (iv) To remove any officer of the Corporation with or without cause, and from time to time to devolve the powers and duties of any officer upon any other person for the time being; (v) To confer upon any officer of the Corporation the power to appoint, remove and suspend subordinate officers, employees and agents; (vi) To adopt from time to time such stock, option, stock purchase, bonus or other compensation plans for directors, officers, employees and agents of the Corporation and its subsidiaries as it may determine; (vii) To adopt from time to time such insurance, retirement, and other benefit plans for directors, officers, employees and agents of the Corporation and its subsidiaries as it may determine; and (viii) To adopt from time to time regulations, not inconsistent with these Bylaws, for the management of the Corporation's business and affairs. 

10 Section 9. Compensation of Directors. Directors, as such, may receive, pursuant to resolution of the Board of Directors, fixed fees and other compensation for their services as directors, including, without limitation, their services as members of committees of the Board of Directors. Section 10. Resignation. Any director may resign at any time by giving written notice of such resignation to the President or the Secretary at the principal office of the Corporation. Unless otherwise specified therein, such resignation shall take effect upon receipt thereof. Section 11. Presumption of Assent. A director of the Corporation who is present at a meeting of the Board of Directors at which action on any corporate matter is taken shall be presumed to have assented to such action unless such director announces his dissent at the meeting and (a) such director's dissent is entered in the minutes of the meeting, (b) such director files his written dissent to such action with the secretary of the meeting before the adjournment thereof, or (c) such director forwards his written dissent within 24 hours after the meeting is adjourned, by certified mail, return receipt requested, bearing a postmark from the United States Postal Service, to the secretary of the meeting or the Secretary of the Corporation. Such right to dissent shall not apply to a director who voted in favor of such action or failed to make his dissent known at the meeting. Section 12. Age Limitation. (a) Except as set out in subsection (b) of this Section 12, a person who is 75 years of age or older shall not be eligible for election, re-election, appointment or re-appointment to the Board of Directors and shall also not be eligible to continue to serve as a director beyond the annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation immediately following the director becoming 75 years of age. (b) Subsection (a) of this Section 12 shall not apply to the Initial Term of Narasimhulu Neelagaru, M.D. as a director of the Corporation, as contemplated by and subject to the provisions of Section 6.11 of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 24, 2022, by and between the Corporation and Quantum Capital Corp. (the Quantum Merger Agreement). Furthermore, if, following the end of the Initial Term, (i) the Company Principal Stockholders own five percent or more of the outstanding shares of the Corporations common stock and (ii) Narasimhulu Neelagaru, M.D. is in good standing as a director of the Corporation and he desires to continue serving as a director of the Corporation, then notwithstanding subsection (a) of this Section 12 and subject to any legal or bank regulatory requirements, he may be nominated by the Board for election by the Corporations stockholders for up to two additional one-year terms, as contemplated by Section 6.11(a) of the Quantum Merger Agreement. As used in this subsection (b), the terms Initial Term and Company Principal Stockholders shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Quantum Merger Agreement. 

11 ARTICLE III COMMITTEES Section 1. Committees of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may appoint from among its members an Executive Committee and other committees composed of one or more directors and delegate to these committees any of the powers of the Board of Directors, except the power to authorize dividends on stock (except as provided in Section 2-309(d) of the MGCL), issue stock other than as provided in the next sentence, recommend to the stockholders any action which requires stockholder approval (other than the election of directors), amend these Bylaws, or approve any merger or share exchange which does not require stockholder approval. If the Board of Directors has given general authorization for the issuance of stock providing for or establishing a method or procedure for determining the maximum number or the maximum aggregate offering price of shares to be issued, a committee of the Board of Directors, in accordance with that general authorization or any stock option or other plan or program adopted by the Board of Directors, may authorize or fix the terms of stock subject to classification or reclassification and the terms on which any stock may be issued, including all terms and conditions required or permitted to be established or authorized by the Board of Directors under Sections 2-203 and 2-208 of the MGCL. Any committee so designated may exercise the power and authority of the Board of Directors if the resolution which designated the committee or a supplemental resolution of the Board of Directors shall so provide. Section 2. Conduct of Business. Each committee may determine the procedural rules for meeting and conducting its business and shall act in accordance therewith, except as otherwise provided herein or required by law. Adequate provision shall be made for notice to members of all meetings; one-third (1/3) of the members shall constitute a quorum unless the committee shall consist of one or two members, in which event one member shall constitute a quorum; and all matters shall be determined by a majority vote of the members present. Action may be taken by any committee without a meeting if a unanimous consent which sets forth the action is given in writing or by electronic transmission by each member of the committee and filed in paper or electronic form with the minutes of the proceedings of such committee. The members of any committee may conduct any meeting thereof by conference telephone or other communications equipment in accordance with the provisions of Section 6 of Article II. Section 3. Nominating Committee. The Board of Directors may appoint a Nominating Committee of the Board, consisting of at least three members. The Nominating Committee shall have authority (i) to review any nominations for election to the Board of Directors made by a stockholder of the Corporation 

12 pursuant to Section 6(b) of Article I of these Bylaws in order to determine compliance with such Bylaw, (ii) to recommend to the Whole Board nominees for election to the Board of Directors to replace those directors whose terms expire at the annual meeting of stockholders next ensuing; and (iii) to take such other actions as may be authorized by the Board of Directors. ARTICLE IV OFFICERS Section 1. Generally. (a) The Board of Directors as soon as may be practicable after the annual meeting of stockholders shall choose a Chief Executive Officer, President, one or more Vice Presidents, a Secretary and a Treasurer and from time to time may choose such other officers as it may deem proper. Any number of offices may be held by the same person, except that no person may concurrently serve as both President and Vice President of the Corporation. (b) The term of office of all officers shall be until the next annual election of officers and until their respective successors are chosen, but any officer may be removed from office at any time by the affirmative vote of a majority of the authorized number of directors then constituting the Board of Directors. (c) All officers chosen by the Board of Directors shall each have such powers and duties as generally pertain to their respective offices, subject to the specific provisions of this Article IV. Such officers shall also have such powers and duties as from time to time may be conferred by the Board of Directors or by any committee thereof. Section 2. Chief Executive Officer. Subject to the control of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer shall have general power over the management and oversight of the administration and operation of the Corporations business and affairs and shall be the Corporations chief policy making officer. He or she shall see that all orders and resolutions of the Board of Directors and of any committee thereof are carried into effect. The Chief Executive Officer shall also have the general powers and duties of management usually vested in the chief executive officer of a corporation and shall have such other powers and duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or these Bylaws. Section 3. President. Subject to the control of the Board of Directors and subject to the powers granted to the Chief Executive Officer (to the extent the President is not also the Chief Executive Officer), the President shall have general power over the management and oversight of the administration and operation of the Corporation's business and affairs. The President shall also have the general 

13 powers and duties of management usually vested in the president of a corporation and shall have such other powers and duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or these Bylaws. Section 4. Vice President. The Vice President or Vice Presidents, if any, shall perform the duties of the President in the Presidents absence or during his or her disability to act. In addition, the Vice Presidents shall perform the duties and exercise the powers usually incident to their respective offices and/or such other duties and powers as may be properly assigned to them from time to time by the Board of Directors, the Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the President. Section 5. Secretary. The Secretary or an Assistant Secretary shall issue notices of meetings, shall keep their minutes, shall have charge of the seal and the corporate books, shall perform such other duties and exercise such other powers as are usually incident to such offices and/or such other duties and powers as are properly assigned thereto by the Board of Directors, the Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the President. Section 6. Treasurer. The Treasurer shall have charge of all monies and securities of the Corporation, other than monies and securities of any division of the Corporation which has a treasurer or financial officer appointed by the Board of Directors, and shall keep regular books of account. The funds of the Corporation shall be deposited in the name of the Corporation by the Treasurer with such banks or trust companies or other entities as the Board of Directors from time to time shall designate. The Treasurer shall sign or countersign such instruments as require his or her signature, shall perform all such duties and have all such powers as are usually incident to such office and/or such other duties and powers as are properly assigned to him or her by the Board of Directors, the Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the President, and may be required to give bond for the faithful performance of his or her duties in such sum and with such surety as may be required by the Board of Directors. Section 7. Assistant Secretaries and Other Officers. The Board of Directors may appoint one or more assistant secretaries and one or more assistants to the Treasurer, or one appointee to both such positions, which officers shall have such powers and shall perform such duties as are provided in these Bylaws or as may be assigned to them by the Board of Directors, the Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the President. Section 8. Action with Respect to Securities of Other Corporations Stock of other corporations or corporations, registered in the name of the Corporation, may be voted by the Chief Executive Officer, the President, a Vice-President, or a proxy appointed by either of them. The Board of Directors, however, may by resolution appoint some 

14 other person to vote such shares, in which case such person shall be entitled to vote such shares upon the production of a certified copy of such resolution. ARTICLE V STOCK Section 1. Certificates of Stock; Uncertificated Shares. The Board of Directors may determine to issue certificated or uncertificated shares of capital stock and other securities of the Corporation. For certificated stock, each stockholder is entitled to certificates which represent and certify the shares of stock he or she holds in the Corporation. Each stock certificate shall include on its face the name of the Corporation, the name of the stockholder or other person to whom it is issued, and the class of stock and number of shares it represents. It shall also include on its face or back (a) a statement of any restrictions on transferability and a statement of the designations and any preferences, conversion and other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends, qualifications, and terms and conditions of redemption of the stock of each class which the Corporation is authorized to issue, and of the differences in the relative rights and preferences between the shares of each series of preferred stock which the Corporation is authorized to issue, to the extent they have been set, and of the authority of the Board of Directors to set the relative rights and preferences of subsequent series of preferred stock or (b) a statement which provides in substance that the Corporation will furnish a full statement of such information to any stockholder on request and without charge. Such request may be made to the Secretary or to the Corporations transfer agent. For uncertificated shares of capital stock, upon request by a stockholder, the Corporation shall send the stockholder, without charge, a written statement of the same information required above on stock certificates. Each stock certificate shall be in such form, not inconsistent with law or with the Corporations Charter, as shall be approved by the Board of Directors or any officer or officers designated for such purpose by resolution of the Board of Directors. Each stock certificate shall be signed by the Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, or a Vice President, and countersigned by the Secretary, an Assistant Secretary, the Treasurer, or an Assistant Treasurer. Each certificate may be sealed with the actual corporate seal or a facsimile of it or in any other form and the signatures may be either manual or facsimile signatures. A certificate is valid and may be issued whether or not an officer who signed it is still an officer when it is issued. A certificate may not be issued until the stock represented by it is fully paid. Section 2. Transfers of Stock. Transfers of stock shall be made only upon the transfer books of the Corporation kept at an office of the Corporation or by one or more transfer agents designated to transfer shares of the stock of the Corporation. Section 3. Record Dates or Closing of Transfer Books. 

15 The Board of Directors may, and shall have the power to, set a record date or direct that the stock transfer books be closed for a stated period for the purpose of making any proper determination with respect to stockholders, including which stockholders are entitled to notice of a meeting, vote at a meeting, receive a dividend, or be allotted other rights. The record date may not be prior to the close of business on the day the record date is fixed nor, subject to Section 3 of Article I, more than 90 days before the date on which the action requiring the determination will be taken; the transfer books may not be closed for a period longer than 20 days; and, in the case of a meeting of stockholders, the record date or the closing of the transfer books shall be at least ten days before the date of the meeting. Any shares of the Corporations own stock acquired by the Corporation between the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders and the time of the meeting may be voted at the meeting by the holder of record as of the record date and shall be counted in determining the total number of outstanding shares entitled to be voted at the meeting. Section 4. Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates. The Board of Directors of the Corporation may determine the conditions for issuing a new stock certificate or uncertificated shares in place of a stock certificate which is alleged to have been lost, stolen, or destroyed, or the Board of Directors may delegate such power to any officer or officers of the Corporation. In their discretion, the Board of Directors or such officer or officers may require the owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed certificate to give a bond, with sufficient surety, to indemnify the Corporation against any loss or claim arising as a result of the issuance of a new certificate or uncertificated shares. In their discretion, the Board of Directors or such officer or officers may refuse to issue such new certificate or uncertificated shares without the order of a court having jurisdiction over the matter. Section 5. Stock Ledger. The Corporation shall maintain a stock ledger which contains the name and address of each stockholder and the number of shares of stock of each class which the stockholder holds. The stock ledger may be in written form or in any other form which can be converted within a reasonable time into written form for visual inspection. The original or a duplicate of the stock ledger shall be kept at the offices of a transfer agent for the particular class of stock or, if none, at the principal executive office of the Corporation. Section 6. Regulations. The issue, transfer, conversion and registration of shares of stock shall be governed by such other regulations as the Board of Directors may establish. ARTICLE VI MISCELLANEOUS Section 1. Facsimile Signatures. 

16 In addition to the provisions for use of facsimile signatures elsewhere specifically authorized in these Bylaws, facsimile signatures of any officer or officers of the Corporation may be used whenever and as authorized by the Board of Directors or a committee thereof. Section 2. Corporate Seal. The Board of Directors may provide a suitable seal, bearing the name of the Corporation, which shall be in the charge of the Secretary. The Board of Directors may authorize one or more duplicate seals and provide for the custody thereof. If the Corporation is required to place its corporate seal to a document, it is sufficient to meet the requirement of any law, rule, or regulation relating to a corporate seal to place the word (seal) adjacent to the signature of the person authorized to sign the document on behalf of the Corporation. Section 3. Annual Statement of Affairs. The Chief Executive Officer, President or Chief Financial Officer shall prepare annually a full and correct statement of the affairs of the Corporation, to include a balance sheet and a financial statement of operations for the preceding fiscal year. The statement of affairs shall be submitted at the annual meeting of the stockholders and, within 20 days after the meeting, placed on file at the Corporations principal office, in written form or in any other form that may be converted within a reasonable time into written form for visual inspection. Section 4. Books and Records. The Corporation shall keep correct and complete books and records of its accounts and transactions and minutes of the proceedings of its stockholders and Board of Directors and of any committee when exercising any of the powers of the Board of Directors. The books and records of the Corporation may be in written form or in any other form which can be converted within a reasonable time into written form for visual inspection. Minutes shall be recorded in written form but may be maintained in the form of a reproduction. The original or a certified copy of these Bylaws shall be kept at the principal office of the Corporation. Section 5. Reliance upon Books, Reports and Records. Each director, each member of any committee designated by the Board of Directors, and each officer and agent of the Corporation shall, in the performance of his or her duties, in addition to any protections conferred upon him or her by law, be fully protected in relying in good faith upon the books of account or other records of the Corporation and upon such information, opinions, reports or statements presented to the Corporation by any of its officers or employees, or committees of the Board of Directors so designated, or by any other person as to matters which such director, committee member, officer or agent reasonably believes are within such other person's professional or expert competence and who has been selected with reasonable care by or on behalf of the Corporation. 

17 Section 6. Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be as fixed by the Board of Directors. Section 7. Time Periods. In applying any provision of these Bylaws which requires that an act be done or not be done a specified number of days prior to an event or that an act be done during a period of a specified number of days prior to an event, calendar days shall be used, the day of the doing of the act shall be excluded and the day of the event shall be included. Section 8. Checks, Drafts, Etc. All checks, drafts and orders for the payment of money, notes and other evidences of indebtedness, issued in the name of the Corporation, shall, unless otherwise provided by resolution of the Board of Directors, be signed by the President, a Vice President, an Assistant Vice President, the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer. Section 9. Mail. Any notice or other document which is required by these Bylaws to be mailed shall be deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid. Section 10. Contracts and Agreements. To the extent permitted by applicable law, and except as otherwise prescribed by the Charter or these Bylaws, the Board of Directors may authorize any officer, employee or agent of the Corporation to enter into any contract or execute and deliver any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation. Such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. A person who holds more than one office in the Corporation may not act in more than one capacity to execute, acknowledge, or verify an instrument required by law to be executed, acknowledged, or verified by more than one officer. 

18 ARTICLE VII AMENDMENTS These Bylaws may be adopted, amended or repealed as provided in the Charter of the Corporation.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>htbi-2025x02x11x8kxex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
Document

News Release

Date: February 11, 2025

Contacts: C. Hunter Westbrook

President and Chief Executive Officer

HomeTrust Bank

828.365.7084

HomeTrust Bancshares, Inc. Announces Transfer of Listing of Common Stock to the New York Stock Exchange and Change in Ticker Symbol

Asheville, N.C., February 11, 2025 HomeTrust Bancshares, Inc. (NASDAQ: HTBI) (Company or HomeTrust), the holding company of HomeTrust Bank, today announced that the Company will transfer the listing of its common stock from the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC (NASDAQ) to the New York Stock Exchange LLC (NYSE). HomeTrusts common stock is expected to commence trading on the NYSE on Monday, February 24, 2025 under a new ticker symbol, HTB. The Companys common stock is expected to continue to trade on NASDAQ until the close of the market on Friday, February 21, 2025.

We are excited to announce our partnership with the NYSE, said Hunter Westbrook, President and Chief Executive Officer. In joining the worlds largest stock exchange, we believe leveraging the NYSE trading platform will provide greater exposure for our Company and long-term value for our stockholders. We look forward to celebrating this occasion and milestone for HomeTrust by ringing The Opening Bell on our first of day of trading on the NYSE.

We are pleased to welcome HomeTrust Bancshares, Inc. to the New York Stock Exchange, said Tara Dziedzic, Head of US Listings, New York Stock Exchange. As an NYSE-listed company, HomeTrust joins our community of icons, disruptors and many of its peers, leveraging the membership value that our exchange uniquely provides.

About HomeTrust Bancshares, Inc.

HomeTrust Bancshares, Inc. is the holding company for HomeTrust Bank. As of December 31, 2024, the Company had assets of $4.6 billion. The Bank, founded in 1926, is a North Carolina state chartered, community-focused financial institution committed to providing value added relationship banking with over 30 locations as well as online/mobile channels. Locations include: North Carolina (the Asheville metropolitan area, the "Piedmont" region, Charlotte, and Raleigh/Cary), South Carolina (Greenville and Charleston), East Tennessee (Kingsport/Johnson City, Knoxville, and Morristown), Southwest Virginia (Roanoke Valley) and Georgia (Greater Atlanta).

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release may include "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not statements of historical fact, but instead are based on certain assumptions including statements with respect to the Company's beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, expectations, assumptions and statements about future economic performance and projections of financial items. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results anticipated or implied by forward-looking statements. The factors that could result in material differentiation include, but are not limited to, the impact of bank failures or adverse developments involving other banks and related negative press about the banking industry in general on investor and depositor sentiment; the remaining effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on general economic and financial market conditions and on public health, both nationally and in the Company's market areas; natural disasters, including the effects of Hurricane Helene; expected revenues, cost savings, synergies and other benefits from merger and acquisition activities might not be realized to the extent anticipated, within the anticipated time frames, or at all, costs or difficulties relating to integration matters, including but not limited to customer and employee retention, might be greater than expected, and goodwill impairment charges might be incurred; increased competitive pressures among financial services companies; changes in the interest rate environment; changes in general economic conditions, both nationally and in our market areas; legislative and regulatory changes; and the effects of inflation, a potential recession, and other factors described in the Company's latest Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other documents filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission - which are available on the Company's website at www.htb.com and on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. Any of the forward-looking statements that the Company makes in this press release or in the documents the Company files with or furnishes to the SEC are based upon management's beliefs and assumptions at the time they are made and may turn out to be wrong because of inaccurate assumptions, the factors described above or other factors that management cannot foresee. The Company does not undertake, and specifically disclaims any obligation, to revise any forward-looking statements to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events or circumstances after the date of such statements.

www.htb.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>htbi-20250210.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>htbi-20250210_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Cover [Abstract] 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>htbi-20250210_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>htbiamendedandrestatedby001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>htbiamendedandrestatedby002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>htbiamendedandrestatedby003.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>htbiamendedandrestatedby004.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>htbiamendedandrestatedby005.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>htbiamendedandrestatedby006.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>htbiamendedandrestatedby007.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>htbiamendedandrestatedby008.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>htbiamendedandrestatedby009.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>htbiamendedandrestatedby010.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>htbiamendedandrestatedby011.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>htbiamendedandrestatedby012.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>htbiamendedandrestatedby013.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>htbiamendedandrestatedby014.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>htbiamendedandrestatedby015.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>htbiamendedandrestatedby016.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>htbiamendedandrestatedby017.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>htbiamendedandrestatedby018.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>image_0.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 10, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 10, 2025

Entity Registrant Name HOMETRUST BANCSHARES, INC.

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code MD

Entity File Number 001-35593

Entity Tax Identification Number 45-5055422

Entity Address, Address Line One 10 Woodfin Street

Entity Address, City or Town Asheville

Entity Address, State or Province NC

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 28801

City Area Code (828)

Local Phone Number 259-3939

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share

Trading Symbol HTBI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Central Index Key 0001538263

Amendment Flag false

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.hometrustbanking.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

htbi-20250210.htm 
htbi-20250210.xsd 
htbi-20250210_lab.xml 
htbi-20250210_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>35
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>36
<FILENAME>0001538263-25-000015-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>37
<FILENAME>htbi-20250210_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001538263 

2025-02-10 
2025-02-10 

0001538263 
false 
10 Woodfin Street 
Asheville 
NC 
(828) 
259-3939 
--12-31 
8-K 
2025-02-10 
HOMETRUST BANCSHARES, INC. 
MD 
001-35593 
45-5055422 
10 Woodfin Street 
Asheville 
NC 
28801 
(828) 
259-3939 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share 
HTBI 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>