<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-013804.txt : 20250214
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-013804.hdr.sgml : 20250214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250214080601
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-013804
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250213
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bolt Projects Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001841125
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL ORGANIC CHEMICALS [2860]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				861256660
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40223
		FILM NUMBER:		25623342

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2261 MARKET STREET, SUITE 5447
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94114
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-430-2214

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2261 MARKET STREET, SUITE 5447
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94114

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Golden Arrow Merger Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210119
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0231170-8k_bolt.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000184112500018411252025-02-132025-02-130001841125BSLK:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-02-132025-02-130001841125BSLK:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50Member2025-02-132025-02-13iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
February 13, 2025

Bolt Projects Holdings, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Delaware 001-40223 86-1256660

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

2261 Market Street, Suite 5447

San Francisco, CA 94114

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(415) 325-5912

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which
registered

Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share BSLK The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 BSLKW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (Sec.230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 (Sec.240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Purchase Agreement

On February 13, 2025, Bolt Projects Holdings, Inc. (the Company)
entered into a common stock purchase agreement with Triton Funds LP (Triton) (the Purchase Agreement). Under
the Purchase Agreement, the Company has the ability, subject to the limits set forth in the Purchase Agreement, to require Triton to purchase
up to $1,500,000 of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the common stock), between the date that
a Form S-1 registration statement becomes effective for the resale of such shares of common stock (the Registration Statement)
and June 30, 2025 (the Commitment Period) pursuant to purchase notices (each, a Purchase Notice) delivered
to Triton stating the number of shares of our common stock Triton is required to purchase. The amount to be funded under each Purchase
Notice is the number of shares of common stock to be purchased multiplied by 75% of the lowest daily VWAP of the Companys common
stock during the ten trading days prior to the payment and delivery of the shares of common stock. The closing date for each purchase
of common stock is five business days after delivery of the Purchase Notice.

Tritons obligation to purchase shares of common stock is subject
to certain conditions including, but not limited to, (i) the Registration Statement being effective as of the date of the Purchase Notice,
(ii) the number of shares of common stock sold pursuant to the Purchase Agreement shall not exceed 19.99% of the Companys issued
and outstanding shares of common stock immediately prior to the execution of the Purchase Agreement without the Company first obtaining
stockholder approval (which would equal 6,856,859 shares), and (iii) the number of shares of common stock sold pursuant to the Purchase
Agreement shall not cause Triton to beneficially own more than 19.99% of the Companys issued and outstanding shares of common stock.

Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company also will issue to
Triton a warrant (the Warrant) to purchase up to 3,000,000 shares of common stock (the Warrant Shares) at
an exercise price of $0.50 per share, the average closing price of the Companys common stock on the five trading days immediately
preceding the Companys entry into the Purchase Agreement. The Warrant will be exercisable beginning August 13, 2025, subject to
a restriction preventing Triton and its affiliates from beneficially owning more than 19.99% of the Companys outstanding shares
of common stock without the Company first obtaining stockholder approval, and will expire on August 13, 2030. If, once the Warrant is
exercisable, there is no effective registration statement covering the resale of the Warrant Shares on the date the Warrant is exercised,
the holder of the Warrant may elect to exercise the Warrant on a cashless basis.

The sale of the shares of common stock pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement and the issuance of the Warrant are exempt from registration pursuant to the exemption for transactions by an
issuer not involving any public offering under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).

The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations,
warranties, covenants, and indemnification obligations of the Company and Triton. The representations, warranties and covenants contained
in the Purchase Agreement were made only for purposes of such agreement and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties
to such agreement, and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties. The foregoing description of the Purchase
Agreement and Warrant does not purport to be complete descriptions of the Purchase Agreement or Warrant and is qualified in its entirety
by reference to the complete texts of the Purchase Agreement and Warrant, copies of which are filed as Exhibits 10.1 and 4.1, respectively,
to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated by reference herein.

1

Item
3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The information called for by this Item 3.02 is
contained in Item 1.01, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Forward-Looking Statements

This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking
statements, including within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements contained in this Current
Report on Form 8-K that do not relate to matters of historical fact should be considered forward-looking statements, including, without
limitation, statements regarding the Companys ability to issue a Purchase Notice and potential proceeds to the Company from the
transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as aim,
anticipate, approach, believe, contemplate, could, estimate,
expect, goal, intend, look, may, mission, plan,
possible, potential, predict, project, pursue, should,
target, will, would, or the negative thereof and similar words and expressions. These forward-looking
statements are based on managements current expectations. These statements are neither promises nor guarantees, but involve known
and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially
different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements, including, but
not limited to, the important factors discussed under the caption Risk Factors in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as such factors may be updated from time to time in our filings with the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission. Any such forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of the date of this
Current Report on Form 8-K. While we may elect to update such forward-looking statements at some point in the future, except as required
by law, we disclaim any obligation to do so, even if subsequent events cause our views to change. These forward-looking statements should
not be relied upon as representing our views as of any date subsequent to the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

4.1 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, between the Registrant and Triton Funds LP, dated as of February 13, 2025

10.1 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated February 13, 2025, between the Registrant and Triton Funds LP

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL).

2

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

BOLT PROJECTS HOLDINGS, INC.

Date: February 14, 2025 By: /s/ Daniel Widmaier

Name: Daniel Widmaier

Title: Chief Executive Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023117001ex4-1_bolt.htm
<DESCRIPTION>COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT, BETWEEN THE REGISTRANT AND TRITON FUNDS LP, DATED AS OF FEBRUARY 13, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE
WARRANT

Bolt Projects Holdings,
Inc.

Warrant Shares: 3,000,000

Date of Issuance: February
13, 2025 (the Issuance Date)

THIS
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received (in connection with the common stock purchase
agreement, dated February 12, 2025 (the Agreement) by and between Bolt Projects Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
Company) and TRITON FUNDS LP (the Investor and including any permitted and registered assigns, the Holder),
the Holder is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time
during the Exercise Period (as defined below), to purchase from the Company, up to $1,500,000 of Common Stock (as defined below) (the
Warrant Shares) at the Exercise Price per share. The number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant may be exercised is
subject to adjustment in accordance with the terms hereof.

Capitalized
terms used in this Warrant shall have the meanings set forth in the Agreement unless otherwise defined in the body of this Warrant or
in Section 14 below. For purposes of this Warrant, the term Exercise Price shall mean the $0.50 per share, subject to adjustment
as provided herein (including, but not limited to cashless exercise), and the term Exercise Period shall mean the period
commencing on August 13, 2025 and ending on 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on the five-year anniversary of such date.

1. EXERCISE OF WARRANT.

(a)
Mechanics of Exercise. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the rights represented by this Warrant may be exercised in whole
or in part at any time or times during the Exercise Period by delivery of a written notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
A (the Exercise Notice), of the Holders election to exercise this Warrant. The Holder shall not be required to
deliver the original Warrant in order to effect an exercise hereunder. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion
of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable
hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. On or before the second Trading Day (the Warrant
Share Delivery Date) following the date on which the Company shall have received the Exercise Notice, which Exercise Notice must
be received by the Company prior to 11:00 a.m., New York, New York time to count as received on such date, and upon receipt by the Company
of payment to the Company of an amount equal to the applicable Exercise Price multiplied by the number of Warrant Shares as to which all
or a portion of this Warrant is being exercised (the Aggregate Exercise Price and together with the Exercise Notice, the
Exercise Delivery Documents) in cash or by wire transfer of immediately available funds (or by cashless exercise if permitted
under the terms of this Warrant, in which case there shall be no Aggregate Exercise Price provided), the Company shall cause its transfer
agent to credit such aggregate number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the Holders
or its designees balance account with the Transfer Agent. Upon delivery of the Exercise Delivery Documents, the Holder shall be
deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been
exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the certificates evidencing such Warrant Shares. If this Warrant is submitted in connection
with any exercise and the number of Warrant Shares represented by this Warrant submitted for exercise is greater than the number of Warrant
Shares being acquired upon an exercise, then the Company shall as soon as practicable and in no event later than three Business Days after
any exercise and at its own expense, issue a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 6) representing the right to purchase the number
of Warrant Shares purchasable immediately prior to such exercise under this Warrant, less the number of Warrant Shares with respect to
which this Warrant is exercised.

If
the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to transmit to the Holder the respective shares of Common Stock by the respective Warrant
Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise in Holders sole discretion. Without in any way
limiting the Holders right to pursue other remedies, including actual damages and/or equitable relief, the parties agree that if
delivery of the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant is not delivered by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall
pay to the Holder $1,000 per day, for each day beyond the Warrant Share Delivery Date that the Company fails to deliver such Common Stock
(unless such failure results from war, acts of terrorism, an epidemic, or natural disaster). Such amount shall be paid to Holder in cash
by the fifth day of the month following the month in which it has accrued. The Company agrees that the right to exercise is a valuable
right to the Holder. The damages resulting from a failure, attempt to frustrate, interference with such exercise right are difficult if
not impossible to qualify. Accordingly, the parties acknowledge that the liquidated damages provision contained in this Section 1(a) are
justified.

If,
at any time during the Exercise Period, there is no effective registration statement of the Company on the date of delivery of Exercise
Delivery Documents covering the Holders immediate resale of the Warrant Shares without any limitations arising under federal securities
laws, then the Holder may elect to receive Warrant Shares pursuant to a cashless exercise, in lieu of a cash exercise, equal to the value
of this Warrant determined in the manner described below (or of any portion thereof remaining unexercised) by surrender of this Warrant
and a Notice of Exercise, in which event the Company shall issue to Holder a number of Common Stock computed using the following formula:

X = Y (A-B)

A

Where X = the number of Shares to be issued to Holder.

Y = 

the number of Warrant Shares that the Holder elects to purchase
under this Warrant (at the date of such calculation).

A = the Market Price (at the date of such calculation).

B = Exercise Price (as adjusted to the date of such calculation).

(b)
No Fractional Shares. No fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant as a consequence of any adjustment
pursuant hereto. All Warrant Shares (including fractions) issuable upon exercise of this Warrant may be aggregated for purposes of determining
whether the exercise would result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, after aggregation, the exercise would result in the issuance
of a fractional share, the Company shall, in lieu of issuance of any fractional share, pay to the Holder otherwise entitled to such fraction
a sum in cash equal to the product resulting from multiplying the then-current fair market value of a Warrant Share by such fraction.

2

(c)
Holders Exercise Limitations; Exchange Cap. Notwithstanding anything in the contrary herein, the Company shall not effect
any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, to the extent that after
giving effect to issuance of Warrant Shares upon exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with
the Holders Affiliates, and any other persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, as defined below. For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates shall include the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares
of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, non-exercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by
the Holder or any of its Affiliates and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or non-converted portion of any other securities
of the Company (including without limitation any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous
to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence,
for purposes of this paragraph, beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, it being
acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent
that the limitation contained in this paragraph applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other
securities owned by the Holder together with any affiliates) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole
discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether
this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and of which portion of
this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to
verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. The limitations set forth in this paragraph shall apply for so long as the Company
is subject to the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market, unless and until the Company has obtained Shareholder Approval in accordance with
Rule 5635 of the Nasdaq Stock Market (including Rule 5635(b)), and thereafter may be waived by the Holder upon not less than 61 days
prior notice to the Company.

For
purposes of this Section 1(c), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the
case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or its transfer agent
setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading Days
confirm to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock
shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder
or its affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported.

The
Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 19.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after
giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The limitations contained in this paragraph
shall apply to a successor Holder of this Warrant.

2.
ADJUSTMENTS. The Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Shares shall be adjusted from time to time as follows:

(a)
Distribution of Assets. If the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire
its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including without limitation any distribution
of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement or other
similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case:

(i)
any Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of shares
of Common Stock entitled to receive the Distribution shall be reduced, effective as of the close of business on such record date, to a
price determined by multiplying such Exercise Price by a fraction (i) the numerator of which shall be the Closing Sale Price of the shares
of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date minus the value of the Distribution (as determined in good faith
by the Companys Board of Directors) applicable to one share of Common Stock, and (ii) the denominator of which shall be the Closing
Sale Price of the shares of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date; and

3

(ii)
the number of Warrant Shares shall be increased to a number of shares equal to the number of shares of Common Stock obtainable immediately
prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of shares of Common Stock entitled to receive
the Distribution multiplied by the reciprocal of the fraction set forth in the immediately preceding clause (i); provided, however, that
in the event that the Distribution is of shares of common stock of a company (other than the Company) whose common stock is traded on
a national securities exchange or a national automated quotation system (Other Shares of Common Stock), then the Holder
may elect to receive a warrant to purchase Other Shares of Common Stock in lieu of an increase in the number of Warrant Shares, the terms
of which shall be identical to those of this Warrant, except that such warrant shall be exercisable into the number of shares of Other
Shares of Common Stock that would have been payable to the Holder pursuant to the Distribution had the Holder exercised this Warrant immediately
prior to such record date (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation) and with an aggregate exercise price equal to the product of the amount by which the exercise price of this Warrant was decreased
with respect to the Distribution pursuant to the terms of the immediately preceding clause (i) and the number of Warrant Shares calculated
in accordance with the first part of this clause (ii) (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holder's right to participate in
any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled
to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution
to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever,
as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

(b)
Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares
of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Common
Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the
numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 2(b) shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective
date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

3.
FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTIONS. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company effects any merger of the Company
with or into another entity and the Company is not the surviving entity (such surviving entity, the Successor Entity), (ii)
the Company effects any sale of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any tender offer
or exchange offer (whether by the Company or by another individual or entity, and approved by the Company) is completed pursuant to which
holders of Common Stock are permitted to tender or exchange their shares of Common Stock for other securities, cash or property and the
holders of at least 50% of the Common Stock accept such offer, or (iv) the Company effects any reclassification of the Common Stock or
any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash
or property (other than as a result of a subdivision or combination of shares of Common Stock) (in any such case, a Fundamental
Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive the number of shares
of Common Stock of the Successor Entity or of the Company and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration)
receivable upon or as a result of such reorganization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or disposition of assets by a holder of
the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such event (disregarding any limitation
on exercise contained herein solely for the purpose of such determination). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the
Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration
issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among
the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration.
If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then
the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such
Fundamental Transaction. To the extent necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any Successor Entity in such Fundamental Transaction
shall issue to the Holder a new warrant consistent with the foregoing provisions and evidencing the Holders right to exercise such
warrant into Alternate Consideration.

4

4.
NON-CIRCUMVENTION. The Company covenants and agrees that it will not, by amendment of its certificate of incorporation, bylaws
or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities,
or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, and will at all
times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Warrant and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (i) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock receivable
upon the exercise of this Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect, (ii) shall take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate
in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of this
Warrant, and (iii) shall, for so long as this Warrant is outstanding, have authorized and reserved, free from preemptive rights, at least
the number of shares of Common Stock issuable under the Warrant, or as otherwise required under the Agreement, to provide for the exercise
of the rights represented by this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise).

5.
WARRANT HOLDER NOT DEEMED A STOCKHOLDER. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, this Warrant, in and of itself, shall
not entitle the Holder to any voting rights or other rights as a stockholder of the Company. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant
shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise) or
as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

6. REISSUANCE.

(a)
Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Warrant. If this Warrant is lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed, the Company will, on such terms as
to indemnity or otherwise as it may reasonably impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Warrant, include the surrender thereof),
issue a new Warrant of like denomination and tenor as this Warrant so lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed.

(b)
Issuance of New Warrants. Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, such new
Warrant shall be of like tenor with this Warrant, and shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant which
is the same as the Issuance Date.

7.TRANSFER.

(a)
Notice of Transfer. The Holder agrees to give written notice to the Company before transferring this Warrant or transferring any
Warrant Shares of such Holders intention to do so, describing briefly the manner of any proposed transfer. Promptly upon receiving
such written notice, the Company shall present copies thereof to the Companys counsel. If the proposed transfer may be effected
without registration or qualification (under any federal or state securities laws), the Company, as promptly as practicable, shall notify
the Holder thereof, whereupon the Holder shall be entitled to transfer this Warrant or to dispose of Warrant Shares received upon the
previous exercise of this Warrant, all in accordance with the terms of the notice delivered by the Holder to the Company; provided, however,
that an appropriate legend may be endorsed on this Warrant or the certificates for such Warrant Shares respecting restrictions upon transfer
thereof necessary or advisable in the opinion of counsel and satisfactory to the Company to prevent further transfers which would be in
violation of Section 5 of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws; and provided further that the prospective transferee
or purchaser shall execute the Assignment of Warrant attached hereto as Exhibit B and such other documents and make such representations,
warranties, and agreements as may be required solely to comply with the exemptions relied upon by the Company for the transfer or disposition
of the Warrant or Warrant Shares.

5

(b)
If the proposed transfer or disposition of this Warrant or such Warrant Shares described in the written notice given pursuant to this
Section 7 may not be effected without registration or qualification of this Warrant or such Warrant Shares, the Holder will limit its
activities in respect to such transfer or disposition as are permitted by law.

(c)
Any transferee of all or a portion of this Warrant shall succeed to the rights and benefits of the initial Holder of this Warrant under
the Agreement (registration rights, expenses, and indemnity).

8.
NOTICES. Whenever notice is required to be given under this Warrant, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given
in accordance with the notice provisions contained in the Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written notice (i)
immediately upon any adjustment of the Exercise Price, setting forth in reasonable detail, the calculation of such adjustment and (ii)
at least 10 days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend or distribution
upon the shares of Common Stock, (B) with respect to any grants, issuances or sales of any stock or other securities directly or indirectly
convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock or other property, pro rata to the holders of shares of Common
Stock or (C) for determining rights to vote with respect to any Fundamental Transaction, dissolution or liquidation, provided in each
case that such information shall be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with such notice being provided to the Holder.

9.
AMENDMENT AND WAIVER. The terms of this Warrant may be amended or waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either
retroactively or prospectively) only with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

10.
GOVERNING LAW. This Warrant shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California without
regard to the principles of conflicts of law (whether of the State of California or any other jurisdiction).

11. ARBITRATION. Any
disputes, claims, or controversies arising out of or relating to this Warrant, or the transactions, contemplated thereby, or the breach,
termination, enforcement, interpretation, or validity thereof, including the determination of the scope or applicability of this Warrant
to arbitrate, shall be referred to and resolved solely and exclusively by binding arbitration to be conducted before the Judicial Arbitration
and Mediation Service (JAMS), or its successor pursuant the expedited procedures set forth in the JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration
Rules and Procedures (the Rules), including Rules 16.1 and 16.2 of those Rules. The arbitration shall be held in Los Angeles,
California, before a tribunal consisting of three (3) arbitrators each of whom will be selected in accordance with the strike and
rank methodology set forth in Rule 15. Either party to this Warrant may, without waiving any remedy under this Warrant, seek from
any federal or state court sitting in the State of California any interim or provisional relief that is necessary to protect the rights
or property of that party, pending the establishment of the arbitral tribunal. The costs and expenses of such arbitration shall be paid
via equal split by the parties, with all such costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees, to be awarded to the prevailing
party in such arbitration. The arbitrators decision must set forth a reasoned basis for any award of damages or finding of liability.
The arbitrators decision and award will be made and delivered as soon as reasonably possible and in any case within sixty (60)
days following the conclusion of the arbitration hearing and shall be final and binding on the parties and may be entered by any
court having jurisdiction thereof.

6

12. JURY TRIAL WAIVER.
THE COMPANY AND THE HOLDER HEREBY WAIVE A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM BROUGHT BY EITHER OF THE PARTIES HERETO
AGAINST THE OTHER IN RESPECT OF ANY MATTER ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS WARRANT.

13.
ACCEPTANCE. Receipt of this Warrant by the Holder shall constitute acceptance of and agreement to all of the terms and conditions
contained herein.

14.
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS. For purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a)
Nasdaq means www.Nasdaq.com.

(b)
Closing Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, (i) the last closing trade price for such security on the Trading
Market, or, if the Trading Market begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate the closing trade price, then the
last trade price of such security prior to 4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Nasdaq (or applicable Trading market), or (ii) if
the foregoing does not apply, the last trade price of such security in the over-the-counter market for such security as reported by Nasdaq
(or applicable Trading market), or (iii) if no last trade price is reported for such security by Nasdaq (or applicable Trading market),
the average of the bid and ask prices of any market makers for such security as reported by the OTC Markets. If the Closing Sale Price
cannot be calculated for a security on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Sale Price of such security on such
date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. All such determinations to be appropriately
adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation period.

(c)
Common Stock means the Companys common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, and any other class of securities into
which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

(d)
Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company that would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time
Common Stock, including without limitation any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time
convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

(e)
Trading Market means the NASDAQ Global Market or any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Companys
Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the applicable date: (i) the NASDAQ Capital Market; (ii) the NASDAQ Select Market; (iii)
the NYSE American; (iv) the New York Stock Exchange; and (v) the OTC Markets (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

(f)Market Price means the highest traded price of the
Common Stock during the thirty (30) Trading Days prior to the date of the respective Exercise Notice.

(g)Trading
Day means (i) any day on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted and traded on its Trading Market, (ii) if the Common Stock
is not then listed or quoted and traded on any national securities exchange, then a day on which trading occurs on any over-the-counter
markets, or (iii) if trading does not occur on the over-the-counter markets, any Business Day.

(h)Shareholder
Approval shall mean the approval of the holders of a majority of the Companys outstanding voting Common Stock that are
present or represented by proxy at a meeting, to effectuate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the issuance of all of the
Warrant Shares in excess the Exchange Cap, subject to appropriate adjustment for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, rights
offerings, reclassification or similar transaction that proportionately decreases or increases the Common Stock.

7

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set forth above.

Company

By: /s/ Dan Widmaier

Name: Dan Widmaier

Title: CEO

Agreed and Accepted:

Investor

By: /s/ Tyler Hoffman

Name: Tyler Hoffman

Title: Authorized Signatory

8

EXHIBIT A

EXERCISE NOTICE

(To be executed by the
registered holder to exercise this Common Stock Purchase Warrant)

The
Undersigned holder hereby exercises the right to purchase _________________ of the shares of Common Stock (Warrant Shares)
of __________, a __________ corporation (the Company), evidenced by the attached copy of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant
(the Warrant). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the
Warrant.

1. 

Form of Exercise Price. The Holder intends that
payment of the Exercise Price shall be made

as (check one):

a cash exercise with respect to _________________ Warrant Shares; or

by cashless exercise pursuant to the Warrant.

2. 

Payment of Exercise Price. If cash exercise is
selected above, the holder shall pay the applicable

Aggregate Exercise Price in the sum of $___________________
to the Company in accordance with

the terms of the Warrant.

3. 

Delivery of Warrant Shares. The Company shall
deliver to the holder __________________

Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms of
the Warrant.

Date:

(Print Name of Registered
Holder)

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

9

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT OF WARRANT

(To be signed only upon
authorized transfer of the Warrant)

For
Value Received, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns, and transfers unto ____________________ the right to purchase _______________
shares of common stock of __________ to which the within Common Stock Purchase Warrant relates and appoints ____________________, as attorney-in-fact,
to transfer said right on the books of __________ with full power of substitution and re-substitution in the premises. By accepting such
transfer, the transferee has agreed to be bound in all respects by the terms and conditions of the within Warrant.

Date:

____________________________________

(Signature) *

____________________________________

(Name)

____________________________________

(Address)

____________________________________

(Social Security or Tax
Identification No.)

* The signature on this
Assignment of Warrant must correspond to the name as written upon the face of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant in every particular without
alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever. When signing on behalf of a corporation, partnership, trust or other entity, please
indicate your position(s) and title(s) with such entity.

10
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023117001ex10-1_bolt.htm
<DESCRIPTION>STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED FEBRUARY 13, 2025, BETWEEN THE REGISTRANT AND TRITON FUNDS LP
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT

The PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the Agreement), dated
as of February 13, 2025, by and between Bolt Projects Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and TRITON
FUNDS LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Investor).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement,
the Company wishes to sell to the Investor, and the Investor wishes to buy from the Company, up to $1,500,000 of the Companys Common
Stock, $0.0001 par value per share (the Common Stock). The shares of Common Stock to be acquired hereunder are referred
to herein as the Securities.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained in
this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company
and the Investor hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

CERTAIN DEFINITIONS

Section 1.1 DEFINED TERMS. As used in this Agreement, the following
terms shall have the following meanings specified or indicated (such meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural
forms of the terms defined):

AAA has the meaning specified in Section 9.15(a).

Administrative Fee shall mean a $25,000 payment
from Company to Investor upon execution of this Agreement.

Affiliate shall mean, with respect to a Party,
any individual, a corporation or any other legal entity, directly or indirectly, controlling, controlled by or under common control with
such Party. For purpose of this definition, the term control, as used with respect to any corporation or other entity,
means (a) direct or indirect ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the securities or other ownership interests representing the
equity voting stock or general partnership or membership interest of such corporation or other entity or (b) the power to direct or cause
the direction of the management or policies of such corporation or other entity, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by
contract or otherwise.

Agreement shall have the meaning specified in
the preamble hereof.

Bankruptcy Law means Title 11, U.S. Code, or any
similar federal or state law for the relief of debtors.

Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall have the
meaning specified in Section 7.2(g).

Business Day shall mean a day on which the Principal
Market shall be open for business.

Clearing Costs shall mean all the Transfer Agent
costs with respect to the deposit of the Purchase Notice Shares.

Closing shall mean any one of the closings of
a purchase and sale of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 2.2.

Closing Date shall mean the date a Closing occurs.

Commitment Period shall mean the period commencing
on the date hereof and ending on the earlier of (i) June 30, 2025, or (ii) the date on which the Investor shall have purchased Purchase
Notice Shares pursuant to this Agreement for an aggregate purchase price up to the Investment Amount.

Common Stock shall mean the Companys common
stock, $0.0001 par value per share.

Common Stock Equivalents means any securities
of the Company entitling the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock,
right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles
the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company shall have the meaning specified in the
preamble to this Agreement.

Current Report has the meaning set forth in Section
6.2.

Damages shall mean any loss, claim, damage, liability,
cost and expense (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements and costs and expenses of expert witnesses
and investigation).

DTC shall mean The Depository Trust Company, or
any successor performing substantially the same function for the Company.

Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exchange Cap has the meaning set forth in Section
2.3.

Execution Date shall mean the date of the last
signature of this Agreement.

Investment Amount shall mean $1,500,000.

Investor shall have the meaning specified in the
preamble to this Agreement.

Lien means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest,
encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right, or other restriction.

Material Adverse Effect shall mean any effect
on the business, operations, properties, or financial condition of the Company that is material and adverse to the Company and/or any
condition, circumstance, or situation that would prohibit or otherwise materially interfere with the ability of the Company to enter into
and perform its obligations under any Transaction Document.

Party shall mean a party to this Agreement.

Person shall mean an individual, a corporation,
a partnership, an association, a trust or other entity or organization, including a government or political subdivision or an agency or
instrumentality thereof.

2

Principal Market shall mean any of the national
exchanges (i.e., NYSE, AMEX, Nasdaq), or principal quotation systems (i.e., OTCQX, OTCQB, OTC Pink, the OTC Bulletin Board), or other
principal exchange or recognized quotation system which is at the time the principal trading platform or market for the Common Stock.

Purchase Notice shall mean a written notice from
Company, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, sent to the Investor by email setting forth the Purchase Notice Shares
which the Company requires the Investor to purchase pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

Purchase Notice Amount shall mean the Purchase
Notice Shares referenced in the Purchase Notice multiplied by the Purchase Price in accordance with Section 2.1.

Purchase Notice Date shall have the meaning specified
in Section 2.2(a).

Purchase Notice Shares shall mean all shares of
Common Stock that the Company shall be entitled to issue and sell as set forth in all Purchase Notices in accordance with the terms and
conditions of this Agreement.

Purchase Price shall mean 75% of the lowest daily
volume weighted average price of the Common Stock ten (10) Business Days prior to a Closing Date.

Registration Statement shall have the meaning
specified in Section 6.3.

Regulation D shall mean Regulation D promulgated
under the Securities Act.

Rule 144 shall mean Rule 144 under the Securities
Act or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act.

SEC shall mean the United States Securities and
Exchange Commission.

SEC Documents shall have the meaning specified
in Section 4.5.

Securities mean the Purchase Notice Shares to
be issued to the Investor pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

Securities Act shall mean the Securities Act of
1933, as amended.

Subsidiary means any Person the Company wholly-owns
or controls, or in which the Company, directly or indirectly, owns a majority of the voting stock or similar voting interest, in each
case that would be disclosable pursuant to Item 601(b)(21) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act.

Transaction Documents shall mean this Agreement
and all exhibits hereto and thereto.

Transfer Agent shall mean the current transfer
agent of the Company, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Trust Account shall mean an account held with
Investors counsel to hold the Investment Amount from the Purchase Notice Date until the Closing Date; on the Closing Date the Purchase
Notice Amount will be released to the Company.

All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any share
dividend, share split, share combination, recapitalization, or other similar transaction during such period.

3

ARTICLE II

PURCHASE AND SALE OF COMMON STOCK

Section 2.1 PURCHASE NOTICES.

(a) PURCHASE NOTICES. Subject to the conditions
set forth herein, at any time during the Commitment Period, the Company shall have the right, but not the obligation, to direct the Investor,
by its delivery to the Investor of one or more Purchase Notices from time to time, to purchase, and the Investor shall have the obligation
to purchase from the Company, the number of Purchase Notice Shares set forth on the Purchase Notice at the Purchase Price, provided that
the amount of Purchase Notice Shares shall not exceed the Beneficial Ownership Limitation set forth in Section 7.2(g). The Company may
not deliver a subsequent Purchase Notice until the Closing of an active Purchase Notice, except if waived by the Investor in writing.

Section 2.2 MECHANICS.

(a) PURCHASE NOTICE. The Company shall deliver
the Purchase Notice Shares to the Investor, alongside the delivery of a Purchase Notice, and the Investor shall deliver the Investment
Amount to the Trust Account no later than the same Business Day as the delivery of the Purchase Notice. A Purchase Notice shall be deemed
delivered on (i) the Business Day that the Purchase Notice and Purchase Notice Shares have been confirmed received by the Investor, if
all conditions are met on or prior to 8:00 a.m. New York time or (ii) the next Business Day if the conditions are met after 8:00 a.m.
New York time on a Business Day or at any time on a day which is not a Business Day (the Purchase Notice Date).

(b) CLOSING. The Closing of a Purchase Notice
shall occur no later than five (5) Business Days after a Purchase Notice Date. For each Purchase Notice, upon the terms and subject to
the conditions set forth herein, the Investor will pay or otherwise cause to be released the Purchase Notice Amount from the Trust Account
to the Company via wire transfer of immediately available funds on the Closing Date. All payments made under this Agreement shall be made
in lawful money of the United States of America or wire transfer of immediately available funds to such account as the Company may from
time to time designate by written notice in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. Whenever any amount expressed to be due
by the terms of this Agreement is due on any day that is not a Business Day, the same shall instead be due on the next succeeding day
that is a Business Day.

Section 2.3 EXCHANGE CAP. The Company shall
not be permitted to issue or sell any shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement, and the Investor shall not be required to purchase
or acquire any shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement, to the extent that after giving effect thereto, the aggregate number
of shares of Common Stock that would be issued pursuant to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby would exceed 19.99%
of the shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the execution of this Agreement (or such lower number of shares
as a result of the aggregation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement with any other transaction or series of transactions
under applicable rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC) (such maximum number of shares, the Exchange Cap), unless and until
the stockholders of the Company have approved the issuance of Common Stock as contemplated by this Agreement in accordance with the applicable
rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company may, but shall be under no obligation to, request its stockholders
to approve the issuance of Common Stock as contemplated by this Agreement; provided, that if stockholder approval is not obtained in accordance
with this Section 2.3, the Exchange Cap shall be applicable for all purposes of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby at all times during the term of this Agreement.

4

ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF INVESTOR

The Investor represents and warrants the following to the Company as
of the Execution Date:

Section 3.1 INTENT. The Investor is entering into this Agreement
for its own account and the Investor has no present arrangement (whether or not legally binding) at any time to sell the Securities to
or through any Person in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities laws; provided, however, that
the Investor reserves the right to dispose of the Securities at any time in accordance with federal and state securities laws applicable
to such disposition.

Section 3.2 NO LEGAL ADVICE FROM THE COMPANY. The Investor acknowledges
that it has had the opportunity to review this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement with its own legal counsel
and investment and tax advisors. The Investor is relying solely on such counsel and advisors and not on any statements or representations
of the Company or any of its representatives or agents for legal, tax or investment advice with respect to this investment, the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or the securities laws of any jurisdiction.

Section 3.3 ACCREDITED INVESTOR. The Investor is an accredited
investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(3) of Regulation D, and the Investor has such experience in business and financial matters that it
is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in Securities. The Investor acknowledges that an investment in the Securities
is speculative and involves a high degree of risk. The Investor (i) is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Securities
including a total loss thereof, (ii) has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that it is capable of evaluating
the merits and risks of the proposed investment in the Securities and (iii) has had an opportunity to ask questions of and receive answers
from the officers of the Company concerning the financial condition and business of the Company and other matters related to an investment
in the Securities.

Section 3.4 AUTHORITY. The Investor has the requisite power
and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents and to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action and no further consent or authorization of the Investor is required.
The Transaction Documents to which it is a party has been duly executed by the Investor, and when delivered by the Investor in accordance
with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Investor enforceable against it in accordance with its
terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors
rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application.

Section 3.5 NOT AN AFFILIATE. The Investor is not an officer,
director or affiliate (as that term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act) of the Company.

Section 3.6 ORGANIZATION AND STANDING. The Investor is an entity
duly formed, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware with full right and limited partnership or
similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

Section 3.7 ABSENCE OF CONFLICTS. The execution and delivery
of the Transaction Documents and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and compliance with the requirements
hereof and thereof, will not (a) violate any law, rule, regulation, order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree or award binding on the
Investor, (b) violate any provision of any indenture, instrument or agreement to which the Investor is a party or is subject, or by which
the Investor or any of its assets is bound, or conflict with or constitute a material default thereunder, (c) result in the creation or
imposition of any lien pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, instrument or agreement, or constitute a breach of any fiduciary duty
owed by the Investor to any third party, or (d) require the approval of any third-party (that has not been obtained) pursuant to any material
contract, instrument, agreement, relationship or legal obligation to which the Investor is subject or to which any of its assets, operations
or management may be subject.

5

Section 3.8 DISCLOSURE; ACCESS TO INFORMATION. The Investor
had an opportunity to review copies of the SEC Documents filed on behalf of the Company and has had access to all publicly available information
with respect to the Company.

Section 3.9 MANNER OF SALE. At no time was the Investor presented
with or solicited by or through any leaflet, public promotional meeting, television advertisement or any other form of general solicitation
or advertising.

Section 3.10 NO DISQUALIFICATION EVENTS. None of the Investor,
any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of the Investor participating in the offering
contemplated hereby, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Investors outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the
basis of voting power (each, an Investor Covered Person) is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications
described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification
Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3) under the Securities Act. The Investor has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any
Investor Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event.

Section 3.11 RELIANCE ON EXEMPTIONS. The Investor understands
that the Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance on specific exemptions from the registration requirements of U.S. federal
and state securities laws and that the Company is relying in part upon the truth and accuracy of, and the Investors compliance
with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of the Investor set forth herein in order to determine
the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the Investor to acquire the Securities. The Investor understands that (i) the
Securities may not be offered for sale, sold, assigned or transferred unless (A) registered pursuant to the Securities Act or (B) an exemption
exists permitting such Securities to be sold, assigned or transferred without such registration; and (ii) any sale of the Securities made
in reliance on Rule 144 may be made only in accordance with the terms of Rule 144 and further, if Rule 144 is not applicable, any resale
of the Securities under circumstances in which the seller (or the Person through whom the sale is made) may be deemed to be an underwriter
(as that term is defined in the Securities Act) may require compliance with some other exemption under the Securities Act or the rules
and regulations of the SEC thereunder.

Section 3.12 STATUTORY UNDERWRITER STATUS. The Investor acknowledges
that it will be identified as an underwriter in each Registration Statement and in any prospectus contained therein.

Section 3.13 RESALES OF SECURITIES. The Investor represents,
warrants and covenants that it will resell such Securities only (i) pursuant to the Registration Statement in which the resale of such
Securities is registered under the Securities Act, in a manner described under the caption Plan of Distribution in such
Registration Statement in substantially the form annexed hereto, and in a manner in compliance with all applicable U.S. federal and state
securities laws, rules and regulations, including, without limitation, any applicable prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities
Act, or (ii) in compliance with some other exemption under the Securities Act.

Section 3.14 RELIANCE ON SEC DOCUMENTS. Other than as set forth
in this Agreement, the Investor is solely relying on the SEC Documents in determining whether to acquire the Purchase Notice Shares.

6

ARTICLE IV

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, the Company represents and
warrants the following to the Investor, as of the Execution Date:

Section 4.1 ORGANIZATION OF THE COMPANY. The Company is an entity
duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation
or organization, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently
conducted. The Company is not in violation or default of any of the provisions of its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational
or charter documents. The Company is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction
in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to
be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect
and no proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail
such power and authority or qualification. Other than as listed on Exhibit 21.1 of the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed
August 19, 2024, the Company has no Subsidiaries, other than such Subsidiaries which in the aggregate would not constitute a significant
subsidiary under Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X.

Section 4.2 AUTHORITY. The Company has the requisite corporate
power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents. The execution and delivery of the Transaction
Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all
necessary corporate action and no further consent or authorization of the Company or its Board of Directors or shareholders is required.
The Transaction Documents have been duly executed and delivered by the Company and constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Company
enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by other equitable principles
of general application.

Section 4.3 CAPITALIZATION. As of the Execution Date, the authorized
capital stock of the Company consists of 500,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value of $0.0001 per share, of which 34,284,298 shares
were issued and outstanding and 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value of $0.0001 per share, of which zero shares are issued
and outstanding. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, the Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed
periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options or the vesting of restricted stock
units under the Companys equity incentive plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys
employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of
the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation,
or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents
and this Agreement, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever
relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right
to subscribe for or acquire any shares of Common Stock, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company
is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents,
the issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person
(other than the Investor) and will not result in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange
or reset price under any of such securities. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, there are no shareholder agreements, voting agreements
or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party.

7

Section 4.4 LISTING AND MAINTENANCE REQUIREMENTS. The Common
Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge
is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received
any notification that the SEC is contemplating terminating such registration. Other than as disclosed in the SEC Documents (as defined
below) or as otherwise disclosed to the Investor by the Company, the Company has not, since August 13, 2024, received notice from the
Principal Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the
listing or maintenance requirements of such Principal Market.

Section 4.5 SEC DOCUMENTS; DISCLOSURE. The Company has filed
all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company under Section 13 and 15(d) of the Exchange
Act since August 13, 2024 (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing
materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, including without limitation all registration
statements under the Securities Act, whether required to be filed or otherwise), being collectively referred to herein as the SEC
Documents) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Documents
prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with
the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and other federal laws, rules and regulations applicable to
such SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents when filed contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents comply as to form and substance in all
material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC or other applicable rules
and regulations with respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (except (a) as may be otherwise indicated in such financial statements or the
notes thereto or (b) in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may not include footnotes or may be condensed or
summary statements) and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company as of the dates thereof and the
results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial,
year-end audit adjustments). Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents, the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided the Investor or its agents or counsel
with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information, except for such information as
will be publicly disclosed by the date of the filing of the Registration Statement. The Company understands and confirms that the Investor
will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

Section 4.6 VALID ISSUANCES. The Securities have been duly authorized
and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid, and
non-assessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction
Documents.

Section 4.7 NO CONFLICTS. The execution, delivery and performance
of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including,
without limitation, the issuance of the Securities, do not and will not: (a) result in a violation of the Companys certificate
or articles of incorporation, by-laws or other organizational or charter documents, (b) conflict with, or constitute a material default
(or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a material default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon
any of the properties or assets of the Company, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of,
any agreement, indenture, instrument or any lock-up or similar provision of any underwriting or similar agreement
to which the Company is a party, or (c) result in a violation of any federal, state or local law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or
decree (including federal and state securities laws and regulations) applicable to the Company or by which any property or asset of the
Company is bound or affected (except for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations
as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect) nor is the Company otherwise in violation of, conflict
with or in default under any of the foregoing. The business of the Company is not being conducted in violation of any law, ordinance or
regulation of any governmental entity, except for possible violations that either singly or in the aggregate do not and will not have
a Material Adverse Effect. The Company is not required under federal, state or local law, rule or regulation to obtain any consent, authorization
or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court or governmental agency in order for it to execute, deliver or perform
any of its obligations under the Transaction Documents (other than any SEC, FINRA, Nasdaq, or state securities filings that may be required
to be made by the Company in connection with any Closing or any registration statement that may be filed pursuant hereto); provided that,
for purposes of the representation made in this sentence, the Company is assuming and relying upon the accuracy of the relevant representations
and agreements of Investor herein.

8

Section 4.8 NO MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT. No event has occurred
that would have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company that has not been disclosed in SEC Documents.

Section 4.9 LITIGATION AND OTHER PROCEEDINGS. Except as disclosed
in the SEC Documents, there are no material actions, suits, investigations, SEC inquiries, FINRA inquiries, NYSE inquiries, or similar
proceedings (however any governmental agency may name them) pending or, to the actual knowledge of the Company, threatened against or
affecting the Company or its properties, nor has the Company received any written or oral notice of any such action, suit, proceeding,
SEC inquiry, FINRA inquiry, Nasdaq inquiry or investigation, which would have a Material Adverse Effect. No judgment, order, writ, injunction
or decree or award against the Company has been issued by or, to the actual knowledge of the Company, requested of any court, arbitrator
or governmental agency which would have a Material Adverse Effect. There has not been, and to the actual knowledge of the Company, there
is no pending investigation by the SEC involving the Company or any current officer or director of the Company.

Section 4.10 ACKNOWLEDGMENT REGARDING INVESTORS PURCHASE
OF SECURITIES. Based solely on the Investors representation and warranties, the Company acknowledges and agrees that the Investor
is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby and that the Investor is not (i) an officer or director of the Company, or (ii) an affiliate (as defined in
Rule 144) of the Company. The Company further acknowledges that the Investor is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the
Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and any advice
given by the Investor or any of its representatives or agents in connection with the Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby is merely incidental to the Investors purchase of the Purchase Notice Shares. The Company further represents to the
Investor that the Companys decision to enter into this Agreement has been based solely on the independent evaluation by the Company
and its representatives.

Section 4.11 NO GENERAL SOLICITATION. Neither the Company, nor
any Person acting on its behalf, has engaged in any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation
D under the Securities act) in connection with the offer or sale of the Securities.

Section 4.13 PLACEMENT AGENT; OTHER COVERED PERSONS. The Company
has not engaged any Person to act as a placement agent, underwriter, broker, dealer, or finder in connection with the sale of the Securities
hereunder. The Company is not aware of any Person that has been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation
of the Investor in connection with the sale of any Securities.

9

ARTICLE V

COVENANTS OF INVESTOR

Section 5.1 SHORT SALES AND CONFIDENTIALITY. Neither the Investor,
nor any Affiliate of the Investor acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it, will execute any short sales during the
period from the Execution Date to the end of the Commitment Period. For the purposes hereof, and in accordance with Regulation SHO, the
sale after delivery of the Purchase Notice of such number of shares of Common Stock reasonably expected to be purchased under the Purchase
Notice shall not be deemed a short sale. The Investor shall, until such time as the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents
are publicly disclosed by the Company in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents, maintain the confidentiality of the existence
and terms of this transaction and the information included in the Transaction Documents.

Section 5.2 COMPLIANCE WITH LAW; TRADING IN SECURITIES. The
Investors trading activities with respect to shares of Common Stock will be in compliance with all applicable state and federal
securities laws and regulations and the rules and regulations of the Principal Market.

ARTICLE VI

COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY

Section 6.1 LISTING OF COMMON STOCK. The Company shall use its
commercially reasonable efforts to continue the listing or quotation and trading of the Common Stock on the Principal Market (including,
without limitation, maintaining sufficient net tangible assets, if required) and will comply in all respects with the Companys
reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Principal Market.

Section 6.2 FILING OF CURRENT REPORT. The Company agrees that
it shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto, with the SEC within the time required
by the Exchange Act, relating to the execution of the transactions contemplated by, and describing the material terms and conditions of,
the Transaction Documents (the Current Report). The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to permit the Investor
to review and comment upon the final pre-filing draft version of the Current Report at least two (2) Business Days prior to its filing
with the SEC, and the Company shall give reasonable consideration to all such comments. The Investor shall use its reasonable best efforts
to comment upon the final pre-filing draft version of the Current Report within one (1) Business Day from the date the Investor receives
it from the Company.

Section 6.3 FILING OF REGISTRATION STATEMENT. The Company will
file within ten (10) Business Days a Registration Statement on Form S-1 with the SEC in accordance with the provisions of the Securities
Act, (the Registration Statement).

The Investor shall furnish to the Company such information regarding
itself, the Companys securities beneficially owned by the Investor, and the intended method of distribution thereof, including
any arrangement between the Investor and any other person or relating to the sale or distribution of the Companys securities, as
shall be reasonably requested by the Company in connection with the preparation and filing of the Current Report and Registration Statement,
and shall otherwise cooperate with the Company as reasonably requested by the Company in connection with the preparation and filing of
the Current Report and the Registration Statement with the SEC. At the time of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, the Company
shall have no knowledge of any untrue statement (or alleged untrue statement) of a material fact in the Registration Statement or omission
(or alleged omission) of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading, and there shall be no such untrue statement of material fact or omission in any effective
registration statement filed or any post-effective amendment or prospectus which is a part of the foregoing. The Company shall promptly
give the Investor notice of the occurrence of any event (including the passage of time) which results in the prospectus included in the
Registration Statement to include an untrue statement (or alleged untrue statement) of a material fact or omission (or alleged omission)
of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading (without describing such event, other than the passage of time) and shall use its best efforts thereafter
to file with the SEC any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement, or amendment or supplement to the prospectus included
therein, in order to make such prospectus no longer include any such untrue statement of a material fact or omission of a material fact.

10

Section 6.4 TRANSFER AGENT INSTRUCTIONS. Following the initial
effective time of the Registration Statement and subject to applicable law, the Company shall cause (including, if necessary, by causing
legal counsel for the Company to deliver an opinion) the Transfer Agent to remove restrictive legends from Securities purchased by the
Investor pursuant to this Agreement, provided that counsel for the Company shall have been furnished with such documents as they may require
for the purpose of enabling them to render the opinions or make the statements requested by the transfer agent, or in order to evidence
the accuracy of any of the representations or warranties, or the fulfillment of any of the covenants, obligations or conditions, contained
herein.

ARTICLE VII

CONDITIONS TO DELIVERY OF PURCHASE NOTICE AND CONDITIONS
TO CLOSING

Section 7.1 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE OBLIGATION OF THE COMPANY
TO ISSUE AND SELL SECURITIES. The right of the Company to issue and sell the Securities to the Investor is subject to the satisfaction
of each of the conditions set forth below:

(a) ACCURACY OF INVESTORS REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES. The representations and warranties of the Investor shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the Execution
Date and as of the date of each Closing as though made at each such time.

(b) PERFORMANCE BY INVESTOR. Investor shall
have performed, satisfied and complied in all respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be
performed, satisfied or complied with by the Investor at or prior to each Closing.

Section 7.2 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE OBLIGATION OF INVESTOR TO
PURCHASE SECURITIES. The obligation of the Investor hereunder to purchase the Securities is subject to the satisfaction of each of
the following conditions as of the Purchase Notice Date:

(a) EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT. The
Registration Statement, and any amendment or supplement thereto, shall remain effective for the sale of the Purchase Notice Shares by
the Investor and (i) the Company shall not have received notice that the SEC has issued or intends to issue a stop order with respect
to such Registration Statement or that the SEC otherwise has suspended or withdrawn the effectiveness of such Registration Statement,
either temporarily or permanently, or intends or has threatened to do so and (ii) no other suspension of the use of, or withdrawal of
the effectiveness of, such Registration Statement or the prospectus included therein shall exist.

(b) ACCURACY OF THE COMPANYS REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES. The representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date
of this Agreement and as of the date of each Closing (except for representations and warranties specifically made as of a particular date).

11

(c) PERFORMANCE BY THE COMPANY. The Company
shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement
to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company.

(d) NO INJUNCTION. No statute, rule, regulation,
executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or adopted by any court or governmental authority
of competent jurisdiction that prohibits or directly and materially adversely affects any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents, and no proceeding shall have been commenced that may have the effect of prohibiting or materially adversely affecting any of
the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(e) ADVERSE CHANGES. Any event that had or
is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect will have been disclosed in the prospectus included in the Registration Statement
(including by prospectus supplement or amendment or post-effective amendment).

(f) NO SUSPENSION OF TRADING IN OR DELISTING OF
COMMON STOCK. The trading of the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the SEC or the Principal Market, or otherwise halted
for any reason, and the Common Stock shall have been approved for listing or quotation on and shall not have been delisted from or no
longer quoted on the Principal Market.

(g) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP LIMITATION. The number
of Purchase Notice Shares then to be purchased by the Investor shall not exceed the number of such shares that, when aggregated with all
other shares of Common Stock then owned by the Investor beneficially or deemed beneficially owned by the Investor, would result in the
Investor owning more than the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below), as determined in accordance with Section 13 of the Exchange
Act. For purposes of this Section 7.2(g), if the amount of Common Stock outstanding is greater or lesser on a Closing Date than
on the date upon which the Purchase Notice associated with such Closing Date is given, the amount of Common Stock outstanding on such
issuance of a Purchase Notice shall govern for purposes of determining whether the Investor, when aggregating all purchases of Common
Stock made pursuant to this Agreement, would own more than the Beneficial Ownership Limitation following a purchase on any such Closing
Date. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 19.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding
immediately prior to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to a Purchase Notice. To the extent that the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation would be exceeded in connection with a Closing, the number of shares of Common Stock issuable to the Investor shall
be reduced so it does not exceed the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, unless waived by the Investor.

(h) NO KNOWLEDGE. The Company shall have no
knowledge of any event more likely than not to have the effect of causing the effectiveness of the Registration Statement to be suspended
or the related prospectus or any prospectus supplement thereto failing to meet the requirement of Sections 5(b) or 10 of the Securities
Act (which event is more likely than not to occur within the fifteen (15) Business Days following the Business Day on which such Purchase
Notice is deemed delivered).

(i) DTC. The Common Stock must not be subject
to any DTC chill.

(j) SEC DOCUMENTS. All reports, schedules,
registrations, forms, statements, information and other documents required to have been filed by the Company with the SEC pursuant to
the reporting requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act shall have been filed with the SEC.

12

ARTICLE VIII

INDEMNIFICATION

Section 8.1 INDEMNIFICATION. Each party (an Indemnifying
Party) agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the other party along with its officers, directors, employees, and authorized
agents (an Indemnified Party) from and against any claim or suit by third parties for Damages resulting from or arising
out of (i) any misrepresentation, breach of warranty or nonfulfillment of or failure to perform any covenant or agreement on the part
of the Indemnifying Party contained in this Agreement, (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained
in the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereof or related prospectus, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom
of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, (iii) any untrue statement
or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any preliminary prospectus or contained in the final prospectus (as amended
or supplemented, if the Company files any amendment thereof or supplement thereto with the SEC) or the omission or alleged omission to
state therein any material fact necessary to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which the statements
therein were made, not misleading, or (iv) any violation by the Indemnifying Party of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, any state
securities law or any rule or regulation under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state securities law, as such Damages are incurred
by the Indemnified Party except to the extent that such Damages result primarily from the Indemnified Partys failure to perform
any covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement or the Indemnified Partys negligent, recklessness or willful misconduct;
provided, however, that the foregoing indemnity agreement shall not apply to any Damages of the Investor to the extent, but only to the
extent, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made by the Company
in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished to the Company by the Investor for use in the Registration Statement, any
post-effective amendment thereof, or any preliminary prospectus or final prospectus (as amended or supplemented).

Section 8.2 PROCEDURES. Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified
Party of notice of the commencement of any claim or suit for which indemnification may be available pursuant here to, such Indemnified
Party shall, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against any Indemnifying Party hereunder, deliver to the Indemnifying Party a
written notice of the commencement thereof; but the failure to so notify the Indemnifying Party will not relieve it of liability under
this Article IX except to the extent the Indemnifying Party is prejudiced by such failure. The Indemnifying Party shall have the right
to participate in, and, to the extent the Indemnifying Party so desires to assume control of the defense thereof with counsel mutually
reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party; provided, however, that the Indemnified Party shall have the right to retain its own
counsel with the actual and reasonable third party fees and expenses of not more than one counsel for the Indemnified Party to be paid
by the indemnifying party, if, in the reasonable opinion of counsel retained by the Indemnifying Party, the representation by such counsel
of the Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between the
Indemnified Party and any other party represented by such counsel in such proceeding. The Indemnified Party shall cooperate fully with
the Indemnifying Party in connection with any negotiation or defense of any such action or claim by the Indemnifying Party and shall furnish
to the Indemnifying Party all information reasonably available to Indemnified Party which relates to such action or claim. The Indemnifying
Party shall keep the Indemnified Party reasonably apprised as to the status of the defense or any settlement negotiations with respect
thereto. No Indemnifying Party shall be liable for any settlement of any action, claim or proceeding effected without its prior written
consent. No Indemnifying Party shall, without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party, consent to entry of any judgment or
enter any settlement or other compromise which does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff
to the Indemnified Party of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation. Following indemnification as provided
for hereunder, the Indemnifying Party shall be subrogated to all rights of the Indemnified Party with respect to all third parties, firms
or corporations relating to the matter for which indemnification has been made. The indemnification required by this Section 9.2 shall
be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received and
payment therefor is due.

13

ARTICLE IX

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 9.1 FORCE MAJEURE. No party shall be liable for any
failure to fulfill its obligations hereunder due to causes beyond its reasonable control, including but not limited to acts of God, epidemic
or pandemic, natural disaster, labor disturbances, terrorist attack, riots or wars, and any action taken, or restrictions or limitations
imposed, by government or public authorities.

Section 9.2 GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed
by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the principles of conflicts of law.

Section 9.3 ASSIGNMENT. The Transaction Documents shall be binding
upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and the Investor and their respective successors. Neither any of the Transaction Documents
nor any rights of the Investor or the Company hereunder may be assigned by either Party to any other Person.

Section 9.4 NO THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARIES. This Agreement is
intended for the benefit of the Company and the Investor and their respective successors, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision
hereof be enforced by, any other Person.

Section 9.5 TERMINATION. The Company may terminate this Agreement
at any time by written notice to the Investor. This Agreement shall automatically terminate on the end of the Commitment Period.

Section 9.6 ENTIRE AGREEMENT. The Transaction Documents, together
with the exhibits thereto, contain the entire understanding of the Company and the Investor with respect to the matters covered herein
and therein and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters.

Section 9.7 FEES AND EXPENSES. Except as expressly set forth
in the Transaction Documents or any other writing to the contrary, aside from the Administrative Fee, each Party shall pay the fees and
expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such Party incidental to
the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents. The Company shall pay the Clearing Costs
associated with each Closing, and any Transfer Agent fees (including any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter
delivered by the Company), stamp taxes, and other taxes and duties levied on the Company in connection with the delivery of any Securities
to the Investor.

Section 9.8 COUNTERPARTS AND EXECUTION. The Transaction Documents
may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which may be executed by less than all of the Parties and shall be deemed to be an original
instrument which shall be enforceable against the Parties actually executing such counterparts and all of which together shall constitute
one and the same instrument. The Transaction Documents may be delivered to the other Party hereto by email of a copy of the Transaction
Documents bearing the signature of the Party so delivering the Transaction Documents. The Parties agree that this Agreement shall be considered
signed when the signature of a Party is delivered by PDF, DocuSign or other generally accepted electronic signature. Such PDF, DocuSign,
or other generally accepted electronic signature shall be treated in all respects as having the same effect as an original signature.

Section 9.9 SEVERABILITY. In the event that any provision of
this Agreement becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable or void, this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect without said provision.

Section 9.10 FURTHER ASSURANCES. Each Party shall do and perform,
or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates,
instruments and documents, as the other Party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this
Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

14

Section 9.11 NOT TO BE CONSTRUED AGAINST DRAFTER. The Parties
acknowledge that they have had an adequate opportunity to review each and every provision contained in this Agreement and to submit the
same to legal counsel for review and comment. The Parties agree with each and every provision contained in this Agreement and agree that
the rule of construction that a contract be construed against the drafter, if any, shall not be applied in the interpretation and construction
of this Agreement.

Section 9.12 TITLE AND SUBTITLES. The titles and subtitles used
in this Agreement are used for the convenience of reference and are not to be considered in construing or interpreting this Agreement.

Section 9.13 AMENDMENTS; WAIVERS. No provision of this Agreement
may be amended other than by a written instrument signed by both Parties hereto and no provision of this Agreement may be waived other
than in a written instrument signed by the Party against whom enforcement of such waiver is sought. No failure or delay in the exercise
of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power,
right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privilege.

Section 9.14 PUBLICITY. The Company and the Investor shall consult
with each other in issuing any press releases or otherwise making public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby
and no Party shall issue any such press release or otherwise make any such public statement, other than as required by law or for legal
compliance, without the prior written consent of the other Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, except
that no prior consent shall be required if such disclosure is required by law, in which such case the disclosing Party shall provide the
other Party with prior notice of such public statement. The Investor acknowledges that the Transaction Documents may be deemed to be material
contracts, as that term is defined by Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K, and that the Company may therefore be required to
file such documents as exhibits to reports or registration statements filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. The Investor
further agrees that the status of such documents and materials as material contracts shall be determined solely by the Company, in consultation
with its counsel.

Section 9.15 DISPUTE RESOLUTION.

(a) ARBITRATION. Subject to Section 9.15(a), any dispute,
controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any Transaction Document (including whether any such dispute is arbitrable),
shall be determined by arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association (AAA) pursuant to the AAA
Commercial Arbitration Rules in effect at the time of the filing of the relevant arbitration demand. The parties will cooperate with the
AAA through its case management staff in choosing a single arbitrator from the AAAs list of neutral arbitrators and in otherwise
proceeding with the arbitration. Any award resulting from an arbitration initiated pursuant to this Agreement shall be enforceable in
courts of applicable jurisdiction. The Parties consent to the jurisdiction of the State of California and any United States District Court
in California for all purposes in connection with any such arbitration. The Parties further waive any right to any jury trial in any action,
and as to all claims hereunder. Any arbitration pursuant to this section shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act. Except as may
be required by law, neither a party nor the arbitrator may disclose the content or results of any arbitration proceeding conducted pursuant
to this Agreement without the prior written consent of both Parties. Each party will be responsible for 50% of any administrative costs
imposed by the AAA and the arbitrators fees. Each party may choose, at its own expense, to retain a court reporter for the arbitration
hearing. If both parties decide to use a court reporter for the arbitration hearing, the parties shall jointly retain a court reporter
and split evenly the court reporters fees. The prevailing party in any arbitration conducted pursuant to this Agreement shall be
entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorneys fees and costs.

15

(b) The Company and the Investor agree that all dispute resolution
proceedings in accordance with this Section 9.15 may be conducted in a virtual setting.

Section 9.16 NOTICES. All notices, demands, requests, consents,
approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall
be (a) personally served, (b) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid for next Business Day delivery, or (c) transmitted
by hand delivery, or email as a PDF (with read receipt or a written confirmation of delivery or receipt), addressed as set forth below
or to such other address as such Party shall have specified most recently by written notice given in accordance herewith. Any notice or
other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective upon hand delivery or delivery by email at the
address designated below (if delivered on a Business Day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first
Business Day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a Business Day during normal business hours where such notice is to be
received).

The addresses for such communications shall be:

If to the Company:

Bolt Projects Holdings, Inc.

ATTN: General Counsel

Address: 2261 Market Street,
Suite 5447, San Francisco, CA 94114

Email: pslattery@boltthreads.com

If to the Investor:

Marc Indeglia

10250 Constellation Boulevard

19th Floor

Los Angeles, CA 90067

mindeglia@glaserweil.com; team@tritonfunds.com

Either Party hereto may from time to time change its address or email
for notices under this clause by giving prior written notice of such changed address to the other party hereto.

[Signature Page Follows]

16

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be duly
executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the Execution Date.

Bolt Projects Holdings, Inc. 

By: /s/ Dan Widmaier 

Name: Dan Widmaier Da 

Title: CEO 

TRITON FUNDS LP 

By: /s/ Tyler Hoffman 

Name: Tyler Hoffman 

Title: Authorized Signatory 

17

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF PURCHASE NOTICE

TO: TRITON FUNDS LP

We refer to the Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 13, 2025 (the
Agreement), entered into by and between Bolt Projects Holdings, Inc., and you. Capitalized terms defined in the Agreement
shall, unless otherwise defined herein, have the same meaning when used herein.

We hereby:

1) Give you notice that we require you to purchase __________ Purchase
Notice Shares.

3) Certify that, as of the date hereof, the conditions set forth in
Section 7.2 of the Agreement are satisfied.

_______________________

18
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>bslk-20250213.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>bslk-20250213_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>bslk-20250213_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>bslk-20250213_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 13, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 13, 2025

Entity File Number 001-40223

Entity Registrant Name Bolt Projects Holdings, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001841125

Entity Tax Identification Number 86-1256660

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 2261 Market Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 5447

Entity Address, City or Town San Francisco

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 94114

City Area Code 415

Local Phone Number 325-5912

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol BSLK

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common stock at an exercise price of $11.50

Trading Symbol BSLKW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=BSLK_CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=BSLK_WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
24 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://boltthreads.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

bslk-20250213.xsd 
bslk-20250213_def.xml 
bslk-20250213_lab.xml 
bslk-20250213_pre.xml 
ea0231170-8k_bolt.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-013804-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ea0231170-8k_bolt_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001841125 

2025-02-13 
2025-02-13 

0001841125 

BSLK:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-02-13 
2025-02-13 

0001841125 

BSLK:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50Member 

2025-02-13 
2025-02-13 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001841125 
8-K 
2025-02-13 
Bolt Projects Holdings, Inc. 
DE 
001-40223 
86-1256660 
2261 Market Street 
Suite 5447 
San Francisco 
CA 
94114 
415 
325-5912 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
BSLK 
NASDAQ 
Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 
BSLKW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>