<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-034353.txt : 20250423
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-034353.hdr.sgml : 20250423
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250423083046
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-034353
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250418
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Registrant's Certifying Accountant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250423
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250423

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LUDWIG ENTERPRISES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001960262
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MEDICAL LABORATORIES [8071]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		EIN:				611133438
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41881
		FILM NUMBER:		25859313

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3160 NW 1 AVENUE
		CITY:			POMPANO BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33064
		BUSINESS PHONE:		786-235-9026

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3160 NW 1 AVENUE
		CITY:			POMPANO BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33064
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0239172-8k_ludwig.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000196026200019602622025-04-182025-04-18iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C.

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
April 18, 2025

Ludwig Enterprises, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 333-271439 61-1133438

(State or other jurisdiction 

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification Number)

8950 SW 74th CtSte 2201-A149

Miami,
FL 33156

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

786-363-0136

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the F4orm 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of Each Exchange on

Which Registered

None N/A N/A

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement.

On April 21, 2025, Ludwig Enterprises, Inc., a
Nevada corporation (the Company), entered into an Employment Agreement (the Employment Agreement) with Charles
Todd, Jr.. (the Executive), who, in conjunction with the execution the Employment Agreement, was appointed as the Companys
Chief Executive Officer (see Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers;
Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers).

Pursuant to the terms of the Employment Agreement,
Mr. Todd shall serve as the Companys Chief Executive Officer for an initial term of one (1) year, with automatic one-year extension
terms thereafter, unless either party provides notice of its intent not to renew. In addition, the Employment Agreement may be terminated
at any time by Board of Directors.

Under the Employment Agreement, the Company is
obligated to make monthly payments of $25,000. Additionally, for each fiscal year of the Company during the term of the Employment Agreement,
the Company shall afford Executive the opportunity to earn an incentive bonus (Bonus) which shall not exceed forty percent
(40%) of the Base Salary for such fiscal year and shall be payable to the extent the applicable performance goals are achieved (which
goals and payment matrices shall be set by the Compensation Committee of the Board in its discretion).

The Executive may be entitled to receive equity
awards either now or in the future. The amount and terms of the long-term incentive awards awarded to the Executive shall be set by the
Board of Directors and/or Compensation Committee in their discretion.

The Executive shall also be entitled to participate
in all executive benefit plans, including health and 401(k) plans, from time to time generally in effect for Companys executives

The Executive shall be entitled to unlimited paid
time off in accordance with and subject to the terms of applicable Company policies.

The Company shall pay or reimburse Executive for
all reasonable, customary and necessary business expenses (including cell phone, travel, lodging, and entertainment expenses) which are
correctly documented and incurred or paid by Executive in the performance of Executives duties and responsibilities hereunder,
subject to the rules, regulations, and procedures of Company and in effect from time to time.

The foregoing descriptions of the Employment Agreement
is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Employment Agreement, which is filed hereto as Exhibit 10.1, and incorporated herein
by reference.

Item 4.01. Changes in Registrants Certifying
Accountant.

Resignation of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm

On April 18, 2025, the Audit Committee (the Audit
Committee) of the Board of Directors of Ludwig Enterprises Inc. (the Company) was informed by Assurance Dimensions,
LLC. (Assurance) that Assurance has resigned as the Companys independent registered public accounting firm effective
April 18, 2025. Assurance advised the Company that its decision to resign was as a result of Assurance selling its Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board issuer auditing division to Stephano Slack LLC.

Assurances audit reports on the Companys
consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of
opinion, nor were they qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope, or accounting principles. However, the reports included an
explanatory paragraph regarding the Companys ability to continue as a going concern.

1

During the Companys fiscal years ended
December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2025: (1) there were no disagreements (as defined in
Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and the related instructions to Item 304) with Assurance on any matter of accounting principles or
practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of
Assurance would have caused Assurance to make reference to the subject matter of such disagreements in connection with its reports on
the financial statements for such periods and (2) there were no reportable events (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation
S-K.

The Company provided Assurance with a copy of
this report prior to its filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) and requested that Assurance furnish
the Company with a letter addressed to the SEC stating whether Assurance agrees with the statements made by the Company in this report
and, if not, stating the respects, if any, in which Assurance does not agree with such statements. A copy of the letter from Assurance
is filed with this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 16.1.

New Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm

On April 18, 2025, the Board of Directors and
the Audit Committee appointed Stephano Slack LLC. (Stephano Slack) to serve as the Companys independent registered
public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025.

During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2024,
and 2023, and the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2025, neither the Company nor anyone on its behalf has consulted with Stephano Slack
with respect to (i) the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction, either completed or proposed, or the type of
audit opinion that might be rendered on financial statements, and neither a written report nor oral advice was provided to the Company
that Stephano Slack concluded was an important factor considered by the Company in reaching a decision as to any accounting, auditing,
or financial reporting issue (ii) any matter that was the subject of a disagreement, as that term is defined in Item
304(a)(1)(iv) and the related instructions of Regulation S-K or (iii) any reportable event, as that term is defined
in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K.

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain
Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On April 21, 2025, at a meeting of the Board of
Directors (the Board) of Ludwig Enterprises, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), Jose Antonio Reyes
resigned as Chief Executive Officer, effective immediately. Mr. Reyes did not deliver a written letter of resignation to the Company.
Mr. Reyes stated that his resignation as Chief Executive Officer was not the result of any disagreement with the Company on any matter
relating to its operations, policies or practices. Mr. Reyes will assume the role of the Companys Senior Head of Global Business
Development.

Subsequently, the Board appointed a new Chief
Executive Officer, Charles Todd, Jr., effective immediately. There exist no family relationships among any of the Companys Directors
or executive officers.

New Director. On April 21, 2025,
the Companys Board of Directors (the Board) appointed Charles Todd, Jr. to the Board of Directors and elected him
as Chairman of the Board. Such appointment is effective immediately. There exist no family relationships among any of the Companys
directors or executive officers.

Certain information concerning the backgrounds
of Mr. Todd is set forth below.

Charles T. Todd Jr. is a distinguished healthcare
entrepreneur and industry leader, recognized as the Founder and CEO of the first cancer specialty laboratory in the United States, established
in 1985. In 1995, he joined BioReference Laboratories, where he played a pivotal role in transforming the company into the third-largest
clinical laboratory in the U.S., driving revenue growth from $23 million to an $1.2 billion by 2016. His extensive expertise encompasses
sales, marketing, laboratory acquisitions, and payor relations, demonstrating his commitment to advancing healthcare solutions and improving
patient outcomes through innovative laboratory services. After leaving BioReference he served in key Executive roles in both Private and
Public companies before accepting the role as CEO and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Ludwig Enterprises.

2

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure

On April 23, 2025, the Company issued a press
release. A copy of the press release is furnished hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 Employment Agreement with Chief Executive Officer dated April 21, 2025

16.1 Letter
from Assurance Dimensions to the Securities and Exchange Commission dated April 18, 2025

99.1 Press Release, dated April 23, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL Document)

3

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized.

Date: April 23, 2025. 

LUDWIG ENTERPRISES, INC.

By: /s/ Charles Todd, Jr.

Charles Todd Jr.

Chief Executive Officer

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023917201ex10-1_ludwig.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER DATED APRIL 21, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Employment Agreement, dated
as of April 22, 2025 (this Agreement), is made and entered into by and between Ludwig Enterprises, Inc, a Nevada
Corporation (the Company), and Charles T. Todd Jr. (the Executive and together with the Company,
the Parties and individually a Party). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise
defined shall have the meanings set forth in Section 11.

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, Company wishes to employ Executive as its Chief Executive Officer and Executive
wishes to be employed by Company as its Chief Executive Officer.

NOW, THEREFORE,
in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual promises, terms, provisions, and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the
adequacy and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

AGREEMENT

1. Employment. Subject to the terms and conditions set
forth in this Agreement, Company hereby offers, and Executive hereby accepts employment with Company, as of the date first above written
(the Effective Date).

2. Term. The Executives employment hereunder shall
be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue until the first (1st) anniversary thereof (the Initial
Term), unless terminated earlier pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; provided that, on such first (1st) anniversary of
the Effective Date and each one year (1) annual anniversary thereafter (such date and each annual anniversary thereof, a Renewal
Date), the Agreement shall be deemed to be automatically extended, upon the same terms and conditions, for successive periods
of one (1) year (each Renewal Term), unless Executive provides written notice of his intention not to extend the
term of the Agreement at least 30 days prior to the applicable Renewal Date. The Initial Term and each Renewal Term is hereinafter referred
to as the Term.

3. Capacity and Performance.

(a) During the Term, the Executive shall be employed by Company
on a full-time basis as its Chief Executive Officer. Executive shall perform such duties and responsibilities as directed by the Board
of Directors of the Company (the Board) consistent with Executives position on behalf of Company.

(b) Executive shall devote his full business time, attention, skill, and best efforts to the performance
of his duties under this Agreement and shall not engage in any other business or occupation during the Term of Employment, including,
without limitation, any activity that: (x) conflicts with the interests of the Company or any other member of the Company Group, (y) interferes
with the proper and efficient performance of Executives duties for the Company, or (z) interferes with Executives exercise
of judgment in the Companys best interests. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall preclude Executive from: (i) serving,
with the prior written consent of the Board, as a member of the Board of Directors or Advisory Board (or the equivalent in the case of
a non-corporate entity) of a noncompeting for-profit business and one or more charitable organizations, (ii) engaging in charitable activities
and community affairs, and (iii) managing Executives personal investments and affairs; provided, however, that the activities
set out in clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) shall be limited by Executive so as not to materially interfere, individually or in the aggregate,
with the performance of his duties and responsibilities hereunder.

(c) Executives employment with Company shall be exclusive
with respect to the business of Company. Accordingly, during the Term, Executive shall devote Executives full business time and
Executives best efforts, business judgment, skill and knowledge to the advancement of the business and interests of Company and
the discharge of Executives duties and responsibilities hereunder, except for permitted vacation (and other paid time off) periods,
reasonable periods of illness or incapacity, and reasonable and customary time spent on civic, charitable and religious activities, in
each case such activities shall not interfere in any material respect with Executives duties and responsibilities hereunder.

(d) During the Term, the Executive will report directly to the
Board.

(e) On the Effective Date, the Board shall appoint Executive
as a director (Chairman of the Board) of Company and shall, during the Term, nominate and recommend Executive for election as a director.
Executive acknowledges and agrees that Executive is not entitled to any additional compensation in respect of Executives appointment
as a director of Company. If during the Term, Executive ceases to be a director of Company for any reason, Executives employment
with the Company will continue (unless terminated under Section 5), and all terms of this Agreement (other than those relating to Executives
position as a director of Company) will continue in full force, and effect and Executive will have no claims in respect of such cessation
of office. Executive agrees to abide by all statutory, fiduciary or common law duties arising under applicable law that apply to Executive
as a director of Company.

(f) Executive shall be employed to perform his duties under this
Agreement at the primary office location of Company, or at such other location or locations agreeable to Executive and Company. Notwithstanding
this, it is expected that the Executive shall be required to travel a reasonable amount of time in the performance of his duties under
this Agreement.

4. Compensation and Benefits.

(a) Base Salary. For services performed by Executive under
this Agreement, Company shall pay Executive an annual base salary during the Term at the rate of $300,000 per year, minus applicable
withholdings and deductions, payable at the same times as salaries are payable to other executives of Company (the Base Salary).
During the Term, the Base Salary shall be reviewed by the Compensation Committee and/or the Board each year, and the Board may, from
time to time, increase such Base Salary and any reference to Base Salary herein shall refer to such Base Salary, as increased.

(b) Annual Bonus. For each fiscal year of the Company
during the Term, the Company shall afford Executive the opportunity to earn an incentive bonus (Bonus) as described in
this Section 4(b). The aggregate target Bonus payable to Executive under such program(s) shall equal not to exceed forty percent (40%)
of the Base Salary for such fiscal year and shall be payable to the extent the applicable performance goals are achieved (which goals
and payment matrices shall be set by the Compensation Committee of the Board in its discretion). The amount of the Bonus will be determined
by certification by the Board that the applicable goals have been achieved, and the Board shall promptly provide such certification following
achievement of the applicable goals. The amount payable under this Section 4(b) shall be paid by the seventh (7th) day following the
approval of the annual audited financial statements by the Board or its audit committee, as applicable, for the calendar year in which
the Bonus is earned or if later, the fifteenth (15th) day of the third month following the end of the Companys fiscal year in
which the Bonus is earned.

(c) Equity Awards. During the Term, the Executive may
be entitled to receive equity awards either now or in the future. The amount and terms of the long-term incentive awards awarded to the
Executive shall be set by the Board of Directors and/or Compensation Committee in their discretion.

2

(d) Other Executive Benefits. During the Term, the Executive
shall be entitled to participate in all Executive benefit plans, including health and 401(k) plans, from time to time generally in effect
for Companys Executives (collectively, Benefit Plans). Such participation and receipt of benefits under any
such Benefit Plans shall be on the same terms (including cost-sharing between Company and Executive) as are applicable to other Company
Executives and shall be subject to the terms of the applicable plan documents and generally applicable Company policies. The Company
may alter, modify, add to or delete the Benefit Plans in a manner nondiscriminatory to Executive at any time in accordance with applicable
plan rules.

(e) Vacation. The Executive shall be entitled to unlimited
paid time off in accordance with and subject to the terms of applicable Company policies.

(f) Business and Travel Expenses. Company shall pay or
reimburse Executive for all reasonable, customary and necessary business expenses (including cell phone, travel, lodging, and entertainment
expenses) which are correctly documented and incurred or paid by Executive in the performance of Executives duties and responsibilities
hereunder, subject to the rules, regulations, and procedures of Company and in effect from time to time. Notwithstanding, the Executive
shall be permitted to travel in the first class cabin on domestic two cabin aircraft and in business class in three cabin domestic and
all international aircraft for business related travel.

5. Termination of Employment; Severance Benefits. Notwithstanding
the provisions of Section 2, the Executives employment hereunder shall terminate under the following circumstances:

(a) Death. If Executives dies during the Term,
Executives employment hereunder shall immediately and automatically terminate. In such event, Company shall pay to Executives
designated beneficiary or, if no beneficiary has been selected by Executive, to Executives estate, the Final Compensation including
any prorated earned but not paid bonuses. Company shall have no further obligation hereunder to Executive, Executives beneficiary,
or Executives estate upon the termination of Executives employment under this Section 5(a) including, specifically, that
the provisions of Section 5(d) shall not apply.

(b) Disability.

(i) Company may terminate Executives employment hereunder
due to Executives Disability during the Term by giving Executive thirty (30) days written notice of its intent to terminate,
but in no event shall such termination be effective prior to the expiration of the time periods in the definition of Disability.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Company will, after engaging in an interactive process with Executive to discern whether reasonable accommodation(s)
can be provided without undue hardship upon Company, offer Executive reasonable accommodation(s) to enable Executive to perform the essential
functions of Executives position to the extent required by applicable law (if any) before terminating Executives employment
hereunder. Executive may decline such reasonable accommodation, in which case Executives employment hereunder will terminate as
provided in this subsection.

(ii) In the event of such termination for Disability, Executive
will receive Executives Final Compensation including prorated earned but not paid bonuses. Company shall have no further obligation
hereunder to Executive upon termination of Executives employment under this Section 5(d), including, specifically, that the provisions
of Section 5(d) shall not apply.

(iii) Subject to Executives rights under the Family and Medical
Leave Act (FMLA) and the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), Company may designate another Executive to act in Executives place
during any period of Executives Disability during which Executive is unable to perform the essential functions of Executives
position with or without a reasonable accommodation. Notwithstanding any such designation, Executive shall continue to receive the Base
Salary in accordance with Section 4(a) and coverage under the Benefit Plans in accordance with Section 4(b), to the extent permitted
by the then- current terms of the applicable benefit plans and as provided under the FMLA, if applicable, until the earliest to occur
of: (A) the end of the Term, (B) Executive becomes eligible for disability income benefits under Companys disability income plan,
or (C) the termination of Executives employment.

3

(iv) While receiving disability income payments under Companys
disability income plan (if applicable), Company will continue to pay to Executive Executives Base Salary under Section 4(a), but
may offset any such disability income payments Executive receives against the Base Salary payments. Executive will also continue to participate
in the Benefit Plans in accordance with Section 4(b) and the terms of such Benefit Plans, until the end of the Term or until the termination
of Executives employment, whichever occurs first.

(v) If any question arises as to whether during any period Executive
has a Disability as defined herein, Executive may, and at the request of Company shall, submit to a medical examination by a qualified,
unbiased physician selected by Company and reasonably acceptable to Executive or Executives duly appointed guardian, if any, to
determine whether Executive has a Disability and such determination shall for the purposes of this Agreement be conclusive of the issue.

(c) By Company for Cause. Company may terminate Executives
employment hereunder for Cause, as defined in Section 11(c), at any time upon notice to Executive setting forth in reasonable detail
the nature of such Cause. Upon the giving of notice of termination of Executives employment hereunder for Cause, Executive will
receive Executives Final Compensation. Except as provided herein, Company will have no further obligation to Executive upon termination
of Executives employment under this Section 5(c). Any notice of termination of Executives employment hereunder for Cause,
or any notice to Executive regarding any event, condition or circumstance that, if not cured, if applicable, in accordance with the above,
could give rise to a termination of Executives employment hereunder for Cause, shall set forth in detail the applicable event(s),
condition(s) or circumstance(s) constituting reason(s) or potential reason(s) for such termination hereunder.

(d) By Company Other than for Cause or by Executive for Good
Reason. Company may terminate Executives employment hereunder other than for Cause at any time upon thirty (30) days
written notice to Executive and Executive may terminate Executives employment hereunder for Good Reason at any time upon thirty
(30) days written notice to Company.

(i) In the event of a termination of Executives employment
under this Section 5(d), in addition to the Final Compensation, Executive shall receive:

(1) continuation of Executives Base Salary, at the rate
in effect as of the date immediately preceding the date of termination for a period of twelve (12) months after the date of termination
(the Severance Period), payable in accordance with the Companys regular payroll practices, less applicable withholdings,
commencing at the conclusion of the period set forth in Section 5(d)(iii), provided that the first installment of such payments shall
include all amounts which would have been paid during the period between Executives date of termination and the date of such first
installment (Severance Payments); and

(2) payment of a pro-rata portion of the amount of Executives
Bonus for the year in which termination occurs that would have been payable based on actual performance determined under the terms of
the Bonus as then in effect for such year, with such pro-rata portion calculated by multiplying the amount of such bonus for the
year in which such termination occurs (as determined by the Board based on actual performance for such year) by a number: (x) the numerator
of which is the number of days worked by Executive during the year of such termination, and (y) the denominator of which is three hundred
sixty-five (365), with such payment to be made after the determination of the Bonus pursuant to Section 4(b).

4

(ii) If the Executive timely and properly elects health continuation
coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (COBRA), the Company shall reimburse the
Executive for the monthly COBRA premium paid by the Executive for himself. Such reimbursement shall be paid to the Executive on the 1st
day of the month immediately following the month in which the Executive timely remits the premium payment. The Executive shall be eligible
to receive such reimbursement until the earliest of:

(1) the first anniversary of the date of termination (provided, however, if the date of termination is after
the first anniversary of the Effective Date, the period pursuant to this subsection (1) shall be twelve (12) months after the date of
termination);

(2) the date the Executive is no longer eligible to receive COBRA continuation coverage; and

(3) the date on which the Executive receives substantially similar coverage from another employer or other
source.

(iii) Any obligation of Company to Executive under this Section
5(d) (other than for the Final Compensation or for benefits required by law) is conditioned upon Executives execution and delivery
to Company and the expiration of all applicable statutory revocation periods of a release of claims in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
A (the Executive Release), provided, that the terms of such Executive Release shall be subject to modification
to the extent necessary to comply with: (a) the fact that Company is simultaneously terminating more than one executive as part of a
group termination decision or (b) changes in applicable law, if any, occurring after the date hereof, and prior to the date such Executive
Release is executed.

(e) By Executive Other than for Good Reason. Executive
may terminate Executives employment hereunder other than for Good Reason upon thirty (30) days written notice to Company;
provided, that Company may, in its sole and absolute discretion, by written notice accelerate such date of termination.
In the event of a termination of Executives employment under this Section 5(e), Executive will receive the Final Compensation.
Company shall have no further obligation hereunder to Executive upon termination of Executives employment under this Section 5(e).

6. Effect of Termination.

(a) Upon termination of Executives employment hereunder
and subject to the provisions of Section 5 and Section 6(c), Companys entire obligation to Executive shall be payment of Final
Compensation.

(b) In connection with the cessation of Executives service
as Chief Executive Officer of Company for any reason, except as may otherwise be requested by the Company in writing and agreed upon
in writing by Executive, Executive shall be deemed to have resigned from any and all directorships, committee memberships, and any other
positions Executive holds with the Company or any other member of the Company Group. Executive hereby agrees that no further action is
required by Executive or any of the preceding to make the transitions and resignations provided for in this paragraph effective, but
Executive nonetheless agrees to execute any documentation Company reasonably requests at the time to confirm it and to not reassume any
such service or position without the written consent of Company.

(c) Except as otherwise required by Consolidated Omnibus Budget
Reconciliation Act or any similar federal or state law, benefits shall continue or terminate pursuant to the terms of the applicable
benefit plan or agreement, without regard to any continuation of Base Salary or other payment to Executive following such date of termination.

(d) The provisions of this Section 6 shall apply to any termination
of employment. Provisions of this Agreement will survive any termination if so provided herein or if necessary or desirable to accomplish
the purposes of other surviving provisions, including, without limitation, the obligations of Executive under Section 7 through Section
9.

(e) Any termination of Executives employment with Company
under this Agreement shall automatically be deemed to be simultaneous resignation of all other positions and titles (including any director
positions) that Executive holds with Company and any Affiliate or subsidiary thereof. This Section 6(e) shall constitute a resignation
notice for such purposes.

5

(f) Upon termination of the Executives employment or upon
the Companys request at any other time, the Executive will deliver to the Company all of the Companys property, equipment,
and documents, together with all copies thereof, and any other material containing or disclosing any Intellectual Property or Confidential
Information and certify in writing that the Executive has fully complied with the foregoing obligation. The Executive agrees that the
Executive will not copy, delete, or alter any Company computer equipment information before the Executive returns it to the Company.
In addition, if the Executive has used any personal computer, server, or email system to receive, store, review, prepare or transmit
any Company information, including but not limited to, Confidential Information, the Executive agrees to provide the Company with a computer-usable
copy of all such Confidential Information and then permanently delete and expunge such Confidential Information from those systems; and
the Executive agrees to provide the Company access to the Executives system as reasonably requested to verify that the necessary
copying and/or deletion is completed.

7. Confidential Information.

(a) Executive acknowledges that Company continually develops
Confidential Information, that Executive may develop Confidential Information for Company and that Executive may learn of Confidential
Information during the course of employment with Company. Executive will comply with the policies and procedures of Company for protecting
Confidential Information and shall not disclose to any Person or use, other than as required by applicable law, regulation or process
or for the proper performance of Executives duties and responsibilities to Company, any Confidential Information obtained by Executive
incident to Executives employment or other association with Company. Executive understands that this restriction shall continue
to apply after Executives employment terminates, regardless of the reason for such termination.

(b) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 7 to the
contrary, nothing contained herein shall prevent Executive from disclosing any Confidential Information required by law, subpoena, court
order or other legal processes to be disclosed; provided, that, Executive shall give prompt written notice to Company of such requirement,
disclose no more information than is so required and cooperate, at Companys cost and expense, with any attempt by Company to obtain
a protective order or similar treatment with respect to such information.

(c) Pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, Executive
understands that:

(i) Executive may not be held criminally or civilly liable under
any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in confidence to a federal, state, or local government
official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation
of law; or is made in a complaint or other document that is filed under seal in a lawsuit or other proceeding; and

(ii) if Executive files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company
for reporting a suspected violation of law, Executive may disclose the employers trade secrets to Executives attorney and
use the trade secret information in the court proceeding if Executive files any document containing the trade secret under seal and does
not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order.

8. Assignment of Rights to Intellectual Property. Executive
shall promptly and fully disclose to Company all Intellectual Property developed for the benefit of Company in the course of Executives
employment by Company. Executive hereby assigns and agrees to assign to Company (or as otherwise directed by Company) Executives
full right, title, and interest in and to all such Intellectual Property. Executive agrees to execute any and all applications for domestic
and foreign patents, copyrights or other proprietary rights and to do such other acts (including without limitation the execution and
delivery of instruments of further assurance or confirmation) requested by Company (at Companys expense) to assign to Company
the Intellectual Property developed for the benefit of Company in the course of Executives employment by Company and to permit
Company to enforce any patents, copyrights or other proprietary rights to the Intellectual Property. Executive will not charge Company
for time spent in complying with these obligations. All copyrightable works that Executive creates developed for the benefit of Company
in the course of Executives employment by Company shall be considered work made for hire.

6

9. Restricted Activities. Executive agrees that the restrictions
on Executives activities during and after Executives employment set forth below are necessary to protect the goodwill,
Confidential Information and other legitimate interests of Company and its successors and assigns:

(a) During the Term of this Agreement and during the Restricted
Period following termination of employment, Executive will not, without the prior written consent of Company, directly or indirectly,
and whether as principal or investor or as an Executive, officer, director, manager, partner, consultant, agent, or otherwise, alone
or in association with any other Person, firm, corporation, or other business organization, engage or otherwise become involved in a
Competing Business (as defined below) in any country in which the Company conducted business during the Term; provided, however, that
the provisions of this Section 9 shall apply solely to those activities of a Competing Business which are congruent with those activities
with which Executive was personally involved or for which Executive was responsible while employed by the Company or its subsidiaries
during the twelve (12) month period preceding termination of Executives employment. This Section 9 will not be violated, however,
by Executives investment of up to $100,000 in the aggregate in one or more publicly-traded companies that engage in a Competing
Business. Competing Business means a business or enterprise (other than Company or its subsidiaries) engaged in
the real estate brokerage, real estate franchise or real estate technology industries and any other business directly competing with
the business of the Company as currently conducted or otherwise conducted by the Company during the Term. Restricted Period
means twelve (12) months.

(b) During the Term of this Agreement and during the Restricted
Period (as defined above), Executive will not engage in any Wrongful Solicitation. A Wrongful Solicitation shall
be deemed to occur when Executive directly or indirectly (except in the course of Executives employment with Company), for the
purpose of conducting or engaging in a Competing Business, calls upon, solicits, advises or otherwise does, or attempts to do, business
with any Person who is, or was, during the then most recent 12-month period, a customer of Company or any of its subsidiaries, or takes
away or interferes or attempts to take away or interfere with any custom, trade, business, patronage or affairs of Company or any of
its subsidiaries, or hires or attempts to hire any Person who is, or was during the most recent 12-month period, an Executive, officer,
representative or agent of Company or any of its subsidiaries, or solicits, induces, or attempts to solicit or induce any Person who
is an Executive, officer, representative or agent of Company or any of its subsidiaries to leave the employ or agency of the Company
or any of its subsidiaries, or violate the terms of their contract, or any employment consulting or agent agreement, with it.

(c) It is expressly understood and agreed that although Executive
and Company consider the restrictions contained in this Section 9 to be reasonable if a court makes a final judicial determination of
competent jurisdiction that the time or territory or any other restriction contained in this Agreement is an unenforceable restriction
against Executive, the provisions of this Agreement shall not be rendered void but shall be deemed amended to apply as to such maximum
time and territory and to such maximum extent as the court may judicially determine or indicate to be enforceable. Alternatively, if
any court of competent jurisdiction finds that any restriction contained in this Agreement is unenforceable, and such restriction cannot
be amended so as to make it enforceable, such finding shall not affect the enforceability of any of the other restrictions contained
herein.

(d) Executive expressly understands that in the event of a violation
of any period specified in this Section 9, such period shall be extended by a period of time equal to that period beginning with the
commencement of any such violation and ending when such violation shall have been finally terminated in good faith.

7

10. Enforcement of Covenants. Executive acknowledges that
Executive has carefully read and considered all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including the restraints imposed upon Executive
pursuant to Sections 7, 8 and 9, and Executive agrees that these restraints are necessary for the reasonable and proper protection
of Company and its successors and assigns and that each and every one of the restraints is reasonable in respect to the subject matter,
length of time and geographic area. Executive further acknowledges that, were Executive to breach any of the covenants in Section 7,
Section 8 and/or Section 9 the damage to the Company would be irreparable. Executive therefore agrees that Company, in addition to any
other remedies available to it, shall be entitled to preliminary and permanent injunctive relief against any breach or threatened breach
by Executive of any of the covenants herein, without any requirement to post a bond or similar security. The Parties further agree that
in the event that any provision of Section 7, Section 8 and/or Section 9 shall be determined by any court of competent jurisdiction to
be unenforceable by reason of its being extended over too great a time, too large a geographic area or too great a range of activities,
such provision shall be deemed to be modified to permit its enforcement to the maximum extent permitted by law.

11. Definitions. Words or phrases that are initially capitalized
or within quotation marks shall have the meanings provided in this Section 11 and as provided elsewhere. For purposes of this Agreement,
the following definitions apply:

(a) $ refers to U.S. Dollars.

(b) Affiliate means, with respect to any
specified Person, any other Person which directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries controls, or is controlled by, or
is under common control with, such specified Person (for the purposes of this definition, control (including, with
correlative meanings, the terms controlling, controlled by and under common control with),
as used with respect to any Person, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to either: (i) direct or cause the direction
of the management or policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by agreement or otherwise, or (ii)
vote at least fifty percent (50%) or more of the securities having voting power for the election of a majority of the directors (or Persons
performing similar functions) of such Person.

(c) Cause means if Executive is discharged
by Company on account of the occurrence of one or more of the following events:

(i) Executives continued refusal or failure to perform
(other than by reason of Disability) Executives material duties and responsibilities to Company if such refusal or failure is
not cured within thirty (30) days following written notice of such refusal or failure by Company to Executive, or Executives continued
refusal or failure to follow any reasonable lawful direction of the Board if such refusal or failure is not cured within thirty (30)
days following written notice of such refusal or failure by Company to Executive;

(ii) a material breach of this Agreement (other than Section 7,
Section 8 and/or Section 9) by Executive that, if capable of being cured, is not cured within thirty (30) days following written notice
of such breach by Company to Executive;

(iii) an intentional and material breach of Section 7, Section 8
and/or Section 9 hereof by Executive;

(iv) willful, grossly negligent or unlawful misconduct by Executive
which causes material harm to Company or its reputation;

(v) any conduct engaged in by Executive that is materially detrimental
to the business or reputation of Company as determined by the Board in good faith using its reasonable business judgment that is not
cured within thirty (30) days following written notice from Company to Executive;

(vi) the Company is directed in writing by regulatory or governmental
authorities to terminate the employment of Executive or Executive engages in activities that: (i) are not approved or authorized by the
Board, and (ii) cause actions to be taken by regulatory or governmental authorities that have a material adverse effect on Company; or

8

(vii) a conviction, plea of guilty, or plea of nolo contendere
by Executive, of or with respect to a criminal offense which is a felony or other crime involving dishonesty, disloyalty, fraud,
embezzlement, theft, or similar action(s) (including, without limitation, acceptance of bribes, kickbacks or self-dealing), or the material
breach of Executives fiduciary duties with respect to Company.

(d) Code means the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended.

(e) Company has the meaning ascribed to
it in the preamble of this Agreement.

(f) Company Group shall mean the Company
together with any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries.

(g) Compensation Committee shall mean the
committee of the Board designated to make compensation decisions relating to senior executive officers of the Company.

(h) Confidential Information means any and
all nonpublic information of the Company. Confidential Information includes, without limitation, such information relating to (i) the
development, research, testing, manufacturing, marketing, and financial activities of the Company, (ii) the Services, (iii) the costs,
sources of supply, financial performance, and strategic and/or business plans of Company, (iv) the identity and special needs of the
customers and prospective customers of Company, and (v) the people and organizations with whom Company has business relationships and
those relationships. Confidential Information also includes any information that Company has received, or may receive hereafter, belonging
to customers or others with any understanding, express or implied, that the information would not be disclosed. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Confidential Information does not include (x) any information that is or becomes generally known to the industry
or the public through no wrongful act of Executive or any representative of Executive and (y) any information that is made legitimately
available to Executive by a third Party without breach of any confidentiality obligation.

(i) Disability means Executives inability,
due to any illness, injury, accident or condition of either a physical or psychological nature, to substantially perform Executives
duties and responsibilities hereunder for a period of one hundred twenty (120) consecutive days, or for any one hundred and eighty (180)
days during any period of three hundred and sixty-five (365) consecutive calendar days, exclusive of any leave Executive may take under
the Family and Medical Leave Act, 29 U.S.C. 12101 et seq. (FMLA) or as a reasonable accommodation
under the Americans with Disabilities Act, 29 U.S.C. 2601 et seq. (ADA).

(j) Final Compensation means the amount
equal to the sum of: (i) the Base Salary earned but not paid through the date of termination of employment, payable not later than the
next scheduled payroll date, (ii) any business and related expenses and allowances incurred by Executive or to which Executive is entitled
under Section 4(f) but unreimbursed on the date of termination of employment; provided that with respect to business expenses unreimbursed
under Section 4(f), such expenses and required substantiation and documentation are submitted within one hundred eighty (180) days of
termination in the case of termination on account of Executives death, or thirty (30) days on account of termination for any reason
other than death, and that such expenses are reimbursable under Companys applicable reimbursement policy, and (iii) any other
supplemental compensation, insurance, retirement or other benefits due and payable or otherwise required to be provided under Section
4 in accordance with the terms and conditions of the applicable plan or agreement.

(k) Good Reason means, without Executives
express written consent: (i) a material reduction in the Base Salary, then in effect, except a material diminution generally affecting
all of the members of the Companys management, (ii) a material reduction in job title, position or responsibility, (iii) a material
breach of any term or condition contained in this Agreement, or (iv) a relocation of Executives principal worksite that is more
than fifty (50) miles from Executives principal worksite as of the Effective Date. However, none of the foregoing events or conditions
will constitute Good Reason unless (i) Executive provides Company with written notice of the existence of Good Reason
within ninety (90) days following the occurrence thereof, (ii) Company does not reverse or otherwise cure the event or condition within
thirty (30) days of receiving that written notice, and (iii) Executive resigns Executives employment within thirty (30) days following
the expiration of that cure period.

9

(l) Intellectual Property means inventions,
discoveries, developments, methods, processes, compositions, works, concepts and ideas (whether or not patentable or copyrightable or
constituting trade secrets) conceived, made, created, developed or reduced to practice by Executive (whether alone or with others, whether
or not during normal business hours or on or off Company premises) during Executives employment that relate to either the Services
or any prospective activity of Company or that make use of Confidential Information or any of the equipment or facilities of Company.

(m) Person means an individual, a corporation,
a limited liability company, an association, a partnership, an estate, a trust, and any other entity or organization other than Company.

(n) Sale of Company means the sale of Company
to an independent third Party or group of independent third Parties pursuant to which such Party or Parties acquire: (i) equity interests
possessing the voting power under normal circumstances to elect a majority of the Board of Directors or similar governing body of Company
(whether by merger, consolidation or sale or transfer of such equity interests), or (ii) all or substantially all of Companys
assets determined on a consolidated basis.

(o) Services means all services planned,
researched, developed, tested, manufactured, sold, licensed, leased or otherwise distributed or put into use by Company, together with
all products provided or planned by Company, during Executives employment.

(p) Severance Period shall mean that number
of years or partial years following termination of Executives employment equal to the number of years or partial years of Base
Salary that the Executive receives under Section 5(f)..

(q) Term End Date shall mean the last day
of the Term of this Employment Agreement.

12. Withholding. All payments made by Company under this
Agreement may be reduced by any tax or other amounts required to be withheld by Company under applicable law or by any amounts authorized
in writing by Executive.

13. Assignment. Neither Company nor Executive may make
any assignment of this Agreement or any interest herein, by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the other;
provided, however, that Company may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement without the consent of Executive in the event
of a Sale of Company. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon Company and Executive, their respective successors,
executors, administrators, heirs and permitted assigns.

14. Compliance with Code Section 409A.

(a) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary,
Executives employment will be deemed to have terminated on the date of Executive separation from service (within
the meaning of Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-1(h)) with Company.

(b) It is intended that this Agreement will comply with Section
409A of the Code, and any regulations and guideline issued thereunder (Section 409A) to the extent that any compensation
and benefits provided hereunder constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A. This Agreement shall be interpreted on a basis
consistent with this intent. The Parties will negotiate in good faith to amend this Agreement as necessary to comply with Section 409A
in a manner that preserves the original intent of the Parties to the extent reasonably possible. No action or failure to act, pursuant
to this Section 14 shall subject Company to any claim, liability, or expense, and Company shall not have any obligation to indemnify
or otherwise protect Executive from the obligation to pay any taxes pursuant to Section 409A of the Code.

(c) For purposes of the application of Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(4)(or
any successor provision), each payment in a series of payments will be deemed a separate payment.

10

(d) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary,
if any amount or benefit that would constitute non-exempt deferred compensation for purposes of Section 409A of the Code
would otherwise be payable or distributable under this Agreement by reason of Executives separation from service during a period
in which Executive is a specified Executive (as defined under Code Section 409A and the final regulations thereunder),
then, subject to any permissible acceleration of payment by Company under Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ii) (domestic relations
order), (j)(4)(iii) (conflicts of interest), or (j)(4)(vi) (payment of employment taxes):

(i) if the payment or distribution is payable in a lump sum, the
Executives right to receive payment or distribution of such non-exempt deferred compensation will be delayed until the earlier
of Executives death or the first day of the seventh month following Executives separation from service; and

(ii) if the payment or distribution is payable over time, the amount
of such non-exempt deferred compensation that would otherwise be payable during the six months immediately following Executives
separation from service will be accumulated, and the Executives right to receive payment or distribution of such accumulated amount
will be delayed until the earlier of Executives death or the first day of the seventh month following Executives separation
from service, whereupon the accumulated amount will be paid or distributed to Executive and the normal payment or distribution schedule
for any remaining payments or distributions will resume.

This Section 14(d) should
not be construed to prevent the application of Treas. Reg 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii) (or any successor provision) to amounts payable
hereunder (or any portion thereof).

15. Golden Parachute Limitation. Notwithstanding anything in this Section or elsewhere in this
Agreement to the contrary, in the event the payments and benefits payable hereunder to or on behalf of Executive (which the Parties
agree will not include any portion of payments allocated to the non-competition and non-solicitation provisions of Section 9) that
are classified as payments of reasonable compensation for purposes of Section 280G of the Code, when added to all other amounts and
benefits payable to or on behalf of Executive, would result in the loss of a deduction under Code Section 280G, or the imposition of
an excise tax under Code Section 4999, the amounts and benefits payable hereunder shall be reduced to such extent as may be
necessary to avoid such loss of deduction or imposition of excise tax. In applying this principle, the reduction shall be made in a
manner consistent with the requirements of Code Section 409A and where two or more economically equivalent amounts are subject to reduction, but payable at different
times, such amounts shall be reduced on a pro-rata basis. All calculations required to be made under this subsection will be made
by the Companys independent public accountants, subject to the right of Executives professional advisors to review the same.
The Parties recognize that the actual implementation of the provisions of this subsection are complex and agree to deal with each other
in good faith to resolve any questions or disagreements arising hereunder.

11

16. Successors.

(a) Companys Successors. Subject to Section 5(f),,
any successor to the Company (whether direct or indirect and whether by purchase, merger, consolidation, liquidation or otherwise) to
all or substantially all of the Companys business and/or assets shall assume the obligations under this Agreement and agree expressly
to perform the obligations under this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent as the Company would be required to perform
such obligations in the absence of a succession. For all purposes under this Agreement, the term Company shall include
any successor to the Companys business and/or assets which executes and delivers the assumption agreement described in this Section
16 or which becomes bound by the terms of this Agreement by operation of law.

(b) Executives Successors. The terms of this Agreement
and all rights of Executive hereunder shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, Executives personal or legal representatives,
executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees

17. Clawback Provisions. Any amounts payable under this
Agreement are subject to any policy (whether in existence as of the Effective Date or later adopted) established by the Company providing
for clawback or recovery of amounts that were paid to the Executive. The Company will make any determination for clawback or recovery
in its sole discretion and in accordance with any applicable law or regulation.

18. Indemnification. Company will indemnify Executive
to the fullest extent permitted by law, for all amounts (including, without limitation, judgments, fines, settlement payments, expenses
and reasonable out-of-pocket attorneys fees) incurred or paid by Executive in connection with any action, suit, investigation
or proceeding, or threatened action, suit, investigation or proceeding, arising out of or relating to the performance by Executive of
services for, or the acting by Executive as a director, officer or Executive of, Company, or any subsidiary of Company. Any fees or other
necessary expenses incurred by Executive in defending any such action, suit, investigation or proceeding shall be paid by Company in
advance, subject to Companys right to seek repayment from Executive if a determination is made that Executive was not entitled
to indemnification.

19. Severability. If any portion or provision of this
Agreement shall to any extent be declared illegal or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then the remainder of this Agreement,
or the application of such portion or provision in the circumstances other than those as to which it is so declared illegal or unenforceable,
shall not be affected thereby, and each portion and provision of this Agreement shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent
permitted by law.

20. Waiver. No waiver of any provision hereof shall be
effective unless made in writing and signed by the waiving Party. The failure of either Party to require the performance of any term
or obligation of this Agreement, or the waiver by either Party of any breach of this Agreement, shall not prevent any subsequent enforcement
of such term or obligation or be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach.

21. Survival. Section 6 through and including Section
32 shall survive and continue in full force in accordance with their terms notwithstanding the termination of Executives employment
(and hence the Term of this Agreement) for any reason.

22. Notices. Any and all notices, requests, demands and
other communications provided for by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be effective when delivered in Person, with respect
to notices delivered personally, or upon confirmed receipt when delivered by facsimile or deposited with a reputable, nationally recognized
overnight courier service and addressed or faxed to Executive at Executives last known address on the books of Company or, in
the case of Company, at its principal place of business, attention: Secretary, Board of Directors.

12

23. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire
agreement between the Parties (including with respect to Company, its successors and assigns) with respect to Executives employment
and supersedes all prior communications, agreements and understandings, written or oral, with respect to the terms and conditions of
Executives employment.

24. Amendment. This Agreement may be amended or modified
only by a written instrument signed by Executive and by an expressly authorized representative of Company.

25. Headings. The headings and captions in this Agreement
are for convenience only and in no way define or describe the scope or content of any provision of this Agreement.

26. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two
or more counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Furthermore,
the delivery of a copy of such signature by facsimile transmission or other electronic exchange methodology shall constitute a valid
and binding execution and delivery of this Agreement by such Party, and such electronic copy shall constitute an enforceable original
document. Counterpart signatures need not be on the same page and shall be deemed effective upon receipt.

27. Additional Obligations. Without implication that the
contrary would otherwise be true, Executives obligations under Section 7, Section 8 and Section 9 are in addition to, and not
in limitation of, any obligations that Executive may have under applicable law (including any law regarding trade secrets, duty of loyalty,
fiduciary duty, unfair competition, unjust enrichment, slander, libel, conversion, misappropriation and fraud).

28. Attorneys Fees. In any action or proceeding
brought to enforce any provision of this Agreement, the prevailing Party shall be entitled to recover reasonable attorneys fees,
costs, and expenses from the other Party to the action or proceeding. For purposes of this Agreement, the prevailing Party
shall be deemed to be that Party who obtains substantially the result sought, whether by settlement, mediation, judgment or otherwise,
and attorneys fees shall include, without limitation, the reasonable out-of-pocket attorneys fees
incurred in retaining counsel for advice, negotiations, suit, appeal or other legal proceeding, including mediation and arbitration.

29. Confidentiality. The Parties acknowledge and agree
that this Agreement and each of its provisions are and shall be treated strictly confidential. During the Term and thereafter, Executive
shall not disclose any terms of this Agreement to any Person or entity without the prior written consent of Company, with the exception
of Executives tax, legal or accounting advisors or for legitimate business purposes of Executive, or as otherwise required by
law.

30. No Rule of Construction. This Agreement shall be construed
to be neither against nor in favor of any Party hereto based upon any Partys role in drafting this Agreement, but rather in accordance
with the fair meaning hereof.

31. Governing Law. The validity, interpretation, construction
and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state of Florida.

32. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EXECUTIVE AND THE COMPANY EXPRESSLY
WAIVE ANY RIGHT EITHER MAY HAVE TO A JURY TRIAL CONCERNING ANY CIVIL ACTION THAT MAY ARISE FROM THIS AGREEMENT OR THE RELATIONSHIP OF
THE PARTIES HERETO.

33. Conditions. This Agreement and the Executives
continued employment hereunder is conditional on the Companys satisfaction (determined in the Companys sole discretion)
that the Executive has met the legal requirements to perform the Executives role, including but not limited to satisfactory results
of a background and/or credit search or any other applicable security clearance checks and criminal record checks and other reference
checks that the Company performs. The Executive acknowledges and agrees that in signing this Agreement and providing the Company with
the necessary documentation to perform the checks required for the Executives role and with references, the Executive is providing
consent to the Company or its agent, to performs such checks and contact the references the Executive provided to the Company.

13

34. Prior Restrictions. By signing below, the Executive
represents that the Executive is not bound by the terms of any agreement with any Person which restricts in any way the Executives
hiring by the Company and the performance of the Executives expected job duties; the Executive also represents that, during the
Executives employment with the Company, the Executive shall not disclose or make use of any confidential information of any other
persons or entities in violation of any of their applicable policies or agreements and/or applicable law.

35. Independent Legal Counsel. By signing below, the Executive
hereby acknowledges that the Executive has been encouraged to obtain independent legal advice regarding the execution of this Agreement,
and that the Executive has either obtained such advice or voluntarily chosen not to do so, and hereby waives any objections or claims
the Executive may make resulting from any failure on the Executives part to obtain such advice.

36. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one
or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original when executed, but all of which taken together shall constitute the same
Agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by electronic transmission, including in portable
document format (.pdf), shall be deemed as effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Agreement.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been executed
by Company (by its duly authorized representative) and by Executive, as of the date first above written.

Ludwig Enterprises Inc.

By: 

Marvin Hausman, Chairman of the Board

EXECUTIVE:

By: 

Charles T. Todd Jr.

15
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-16.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023917201ex16-1_ludwig.htm
<DESCRIPTION>LETTER FROM ASSURANCE DIMENSIONS TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION DATED APRIL 18, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 16.1

Securities and Exchange Commission

100 F Street, NE

Washington, DC 20549

April 22, 2025

To whom it may concern:

We have read the notification dated April 22,
2025 from Ludwig Enterprises, Inc. as to the replacement of auditors for that Company.

We agree with the representations of the Company, as follows:

1. During the previous year with Assurance Dimensions, there were no problems related to any matter
of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, auditing scope or procedure, or compliance with applicable rules,
which problems, if not resolved to the satisfaction of Assurance Dimensions would have caused us to make reference to them in connection
with our report on the subject matter of the problems.

2. Assurance Dimensions report on the consolidated financial statements for the previous year did
not contain an adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion, and was not qualified as to uncertainties, audit scope, or accounting principles.

3. Assurance Dimensions has been paid in full for all services rendered to date.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Assurance Dimensions

Assurance Dimensions

ASSURANCE DIMENSIONS, LLC

also d/b/a McNAMARA and ASSOCIATES, LLC

TAMPA BAY: 4920 W Cypress Street, Suite
102 | Tampa, FL 33607 | Office: 813.443.5048 | Fax: 813.443.5053

JACKSONVILLE: 7800 Belfort Parkway,
Suite 290 | Jacksonville, FL 32256 | Office: 888.410.2323 | Fax: 813.443.5053

ORLANDO: 1800 Pembrook Drive, Suite
300 | Orlando, FL 32810 | Office: 888.410.2323 | Fax: 813.443.5053

SOUTH FLORIDA: 3111 N. University
Drive, Suite 621 | Coral Springs, FL 33065 | Office: 754.800.3400 | Fax: 813.443.5053

www.assurancedimensions.com

Assurance
Dimensions is the brand name under which Assurance Dimensions, LLC including its subsidiary entities McNamara and Associates,
LLC (referred together as AD LLC) and AbitOs Advisors, LLC (AbitOs Advisors), provide professional services.
AD LLC and AbitOs Advisors practice as an alternative practice structure in accordance with the AICPA Code of Professional Conduct and
applicable laws, regulations, and professional standards. AD LLC is a licensed independent CPA firm that provides attest services to
its clients, and AbitOs Advisors provides tax and business consulting services to their clients. AbitOs Advisors, and its subsidiary
entities are not licensed CPA firms.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023917201ex99-1_ludwig.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE, DATED APRIL 23, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Ludwig Enterprises Inc. Announces new
leadership appointment

of Charles T. Todd, Jr.

Charles T. Todd, Jr. named CEO and Chair of
the Board

(Sparks, NV, April 23, 2025) Ludwig
Enterprises, Inc. (the Company), has appointed Charles T. Todd, Jr. as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the
Board of Directors, to oversee the Companys transition from an innovative research and diagnostic development business to a
healthcare solutions provider. Mr. Todd has over 40 years of experience in the Clinical Laboratory Industry in
addition to overseeing the growth and development of other innovative healthcare companies.

Mr.
Todd founded the first cancer specialty laboratory in the United
States which was subsequently acquired by BioReference Laboratories, Inc. (BioReference)where he was ultimately promoted to Executive Vice President. Mr.
Todd was responsible for all sales, marketing, laboratory acquisitions and payor contracts. During his 20 year
tenure with BioReference, Mr. Todd led their growth from a northeast regional laboratory to the third largest
clinical laboratory in the United States. BioReference was sold to OPKO Health, Inc. for
$1.2 Billion Dollars in 2015. Mr. Todd left BioReference two years after the sale and since leaving Mr.
Todd has helped other medical device companies establish new markets and develop operational excellence.
As CEO and Chair of the Board of Directors, Mr. Todd brings a unique vision to architect and execute the transition
of the company.

The Company is excited to bring him aboard and
leverage his vast experience commercializing new products and services in the clinical laboratory and cancer diagnostics industry.

Marvin S. Hausman, MD, Co-Founder and Chief Science
Officer of the Company, articulated: Mr. Todd has exceptional knowledge, insight, and experience
in clinical diagnostic laboratory operations. His strategic plans for our growth will be as rewarding to our shareholders as
it will be to the patient community as we roll out our cancer diagnostic program, especially our noninvasive cheek cell breast cancer
test.

We are transforming the Cancer Screening Market.
Our patent-pending technology uses 48 mRNA markers, nanoscale detection, and artificial intelligence (AI) to provide a non-invasive, painless,
convenient, and highly accurate multi-cancer early detection screening via a simple Cheek Swab. This innovative approach gives us a strong
competitive edge. 

Mr. Todd stated: I am honored and
humbled to accept the positions of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company. There is enormous potential here, and
I relish the challenges ahead. I have had a long and successful career, and this opportunity will be the crown jewel of my professional
life.

About Ludwig Enterprises, Inc.

Ludwig Enterprises, Inc. (which is in the process
of changing its name to Revealia Diagnostics, Inc.), a biotech and healthcare holding company, is a global - innovator in mRNA genomics
and machine learning AI technology. Our mission is to identify, monitor, and create solutions to -mitigate chronic inflammation, the causative
agent of illnesses such as cancer and heart disease, which are responsible for more than 50% of deaths worldwide.

For more information, please visit: http://www.ludwigent.com.

About Revealia Diagnostics

Revealia is a breast cancer screening test
that utilizes a proprietary mRNA microarray to establish a personalized inflammatory index that provides a patient with reliable information
that can assist in their healthcare medical decisions. - Artificial intelligence (AI) is used to determine a risk score, which is derived
from a specific array of inflammatory biomarkers and comparing it to a database of previously analyzed patients. 

For more information, please visit: www.revealia.com

SAFE HARBOR

Forward-looking statements in this release are
made under the "safe harbor" provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ludwig Enterprises Inc.'s forward-looking
statements do not guarantee future performance. This news release includes forward-looking statements concerning the future level of business
for the parties. These statements are necessarily subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results could differ materially from those projected
in these forward-looking statements due to certain risk factors that could cause results to differ materially from estimated results.
Management cautions that all statements as to future results of operations are necessarily subject to risks, uncertainties, and events
that may be beyond the control of Ludwig Enterprises, Inc., and no assurance can be given that such results will be achieved. Potential
risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the ability to procure, appropriately price, retain, and complete projects and
changes in products and competition.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION:

CONTACT:

Ludwig Enterprises, Inc.

www.ludwigent.com

Twitter: @LUDG_inc
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex16-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ludg-20250418.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ludg-20250418_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ludg-20250418_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 18, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 18, 2025

Entity File Number 333-271439

Entity Registrant Name Ludwig Enterprises, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001960262

Entity Tax Identification Number 61-1133438

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 8950 SW 74th Ct

Entity Address, Address Line Two Ste 2201-A149

Entity Address, City or Town Miami

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33156

City Area Code 786

Local Phone Number 363-0136

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
21 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://ludgwig.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0239172-8k_ludwig.htm 
ludg-20250418.xsd 
ludg-20250418_lab.xml 
ludg-20250418_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-034353-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>ea0239172-8k_ludwig_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001960262 

2025-04-18 
2025-04-18 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001960262 
8-K 
2025-04-18 
Ludwig Enterprises, Inc. 
NV 
333-271439 
61-1133438 
8950 SW 74th Ct 
Ste 2201-A149 
Miami 
FL 
33156 
786 
363-0136 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>