<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-010589.txt : 20250205
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-010589.hdr.sgml : 20250205
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250205171509
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-010589
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250130
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250205
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250205

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001970622
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				981720278
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41711
		FILM NUMBER:		25594383

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		167 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 205 #1017
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10016
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-476-6908

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		167 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 205 #1017
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10016
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0230098-8k425_inflect2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000197062200-000000000019706222025-01-302025-01-300001970622IPXX:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShare0.0001ParValueAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember2025-01-302025-01-300001970622IPXX:ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-01-302025-01-300001970622IPXX:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember2025-01-302025-01-30iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
February 5, 2025 (January 30, 2025)

Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Cayman Islands 001-41711 N/A

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

167 Madison Avenue Suite 205 #1017

New York, New York10016

(Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (212) 476-6908

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, and one-half of one redeemable warrant IPXXU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share IPXX The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share IPXXW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement 

Amendment No. 2 to Business Combination
Agreement 

As previously disclosed, on August 21, 2024,
Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II, a Cayman Islands exempted company (Inflection Point), USA Rare
Earth, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (USARE) and IPXX Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Inflection Point (Merger Sub) entered into a
Business Combination Agreement (as amended by Amendment No. 1 to the Business Combination Agreement on November 12, 2024 and as it
may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with its terms, the Business
Combination Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, collectively, the Business
Combination). In connection with the Business Combination, Inflection Point will be renamed USA Rare Earth,
Inc.(New USARE).

On January 30, 2025, Inflection Point and USARE
entered into that certain Amendment No. 2 to the Business Combination Agreement (BCA Amendment No. 2) to, among other matters, set
out the proposed directors of New USARE, address certain other governance matters and modify certain document delivery conditions.

The foregoing description
of BCA Amendment No. 2 does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of BCA Amendment No.
2, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Amendment No. 1 to Sponsor Support Agreement

As previously disclosed, concurrently with
the signing of the Business Combination Agreement, Inflection Point Holdings II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the
Sponsor), Inflection Point and USARE entered into a sponsor support agreement (the Sponsor
Support Agreement), pursuant to which, among other things, the Sponsor has agreed to (i) vote to adopt and approve
the Business Combination Agreement and the other documents contemplated therein and the transactions contemplated therein and (ii)
forfeit 60,000 warrants to purchase shares of Inflection Point that are held by the Sponsor for every $1,000,000 by which (x) the
gross proceeds at closing of the Business Combination from the Trust Account (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement)
established by Inflection Point in connection with its initial public offering (after giving effect to the Redemption (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement)) plus (y) the
gross proceeds from the Class A Preferred Unit Investment (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement), the Series A Preferred
Stock Investment (as defined below) and any PIPE Investment (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) are below
$50,000,000, up to a maximum of 1,500,000 warrants forfeited. Additionally, the Sponsor agreed to be bound by certain covenants set
forth in the Business Combination Agreement as if it was a signatory thereto.

On January 31, 2025, the Sponsor, Inflection Point
and USARE entered into an amendment to the Sponsor Support Agreement (the Sponsor Support Agreement Amendment)
to eliminate the provisions providing for the potential forfeiture of warrants by the Sponsor from the Sponsor Support Agreement.

The foregoing description of the Sponsor Support
Agreement Amendment does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of Sponsor Support Agreement
Amendment, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Series A SPA Termination Agreement

As previously disclosed,
concurrently with the signing of the Business Combination Agreement, (i) USARE and Inflection Point Fund I, LP, a Delaware limited partnership
(Inflection Point Fund), an accredited investor that is an affiliate of Inflection Point, entered into a securities
purchase agreement (the Class A-2 Convertible Preferred SPA), pursuant to which Inflection Point Fund purchased
an aggregate of (i) 343,137 Class A-2 convertible preferred units of USARE (Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units)
and (ii) a warrant exercisable for an aggregate of 561,887 Class A units of USARE (USARE Class A Units) at
an initial exercise price of $12.00, for an aggregate purchase price of $3.5 million and (ii) Inflection Point, USARE and
Inflection Point Fund entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Series A SPA), pursuant to which Inflection
Point Fund agreed to purchase 759,804 shares of Series A preferred stock of New USARE and a warrant exercisable to purchase 759,804 shares
of common stock of New USARE at an initial exercise price of $12.00, for an aggregate purchase price of $9,117,648 (the Series
A Preferred Stock Investment).

1

Pursuant to a letter
agreement, dated August 21, 2024, by and among USARE, Inflection Point Fund and the other parties thereto, Inflection Point Fund had the
right, but not the obligation to accelerate its commitment to make the Series A Preferred Stock Investment by purchasing additional USARE
Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units and warrants on terms and conditions identical to those set forth in the Class A-2 Convertible Preferred
SPA, with Inflection Point Funds obligation to make the Series A Preferred Stock Investment reduced by an amount equal to the product
of (i) the Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Unit Original Issue Price (as defined in the operating agreement of USARE, as amended) multiplied
by the (ii) the number of additional USARE Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units purchased.

On February 3,
2025, pursuant to a securities purchase agreement dated January 31, 2025, Inflection Point Fund pre-funded the Series A Preferred
Stock Investment by consummating the purchase of 833,333 additional USARE Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units and a warrant
exercisable for 833,333 USARE Class A Units at an initial exercise price of $12.00, for an aggregate purchase price
of $8.5 million (the Pre-Funding).

As the Pre-Funding fully
satisfied Inflection Point Funds obligation to make the Series A Preferred Stock Investment, Inflection Point, USARE and Inflection
Point Fund entered into a termination agreement, dated January 31, 2025 (the Series A SPA Termination Agreement),
pursuant to which the Series A SPA was terminated upon completion of the Pre-Funding.

The foregoing description of the Series A SPA
Termination Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of Series A SPA Termination
Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Additional Information
about the Business Combination and Where to Find it

The proposed business combination between Inflection
Point and USARE pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement (the transactions contemplated thereby, collectively, the Proposed
Business Combination) will be submitted to the shareholders of Inflection Point for their consideration. Inflection Point
filed a registration statement on Form S-4 (as may be amended and supplemented from time to time, the Registration Statement)
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), which includes a proxy statement/prospectus and certain
other related documents, which will serve as both the proxy statement to be distributed to Inflection Points shareholders in connection
with Inflection Points solicitation for proxies for the vote by Inflection Points shareholders in connection with the Proposed
Business Combination and other matters described in the Registration Statement, as well as the prospectus relating to the offer and sale
of the securities to be issued (or deemed issued) to Inflection Points securityholders and USAREs equityholders in connection
with the completion of the Proposed Business Combination. After the Registration Statement is declared effective, Inflection Point will
mail a definitive proxy statement and other relevant documents to its shareholders as of the record date established for voting on the
Proposed Business Combination. Inflection Points shareholders and other interested persons are advised to read the Registration
Statement, the preliminary proxy statement/prospectus included in the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto and, once available,
the definitive proxy statement/prospectus and documents incorporated by reference therein filed in connection with the Proposed Business
Combination, in connection with Inflection Points solicitation of proxies for its extraordinary general meeting to be held to approve,
among other things, the Proposed Business Combination, as well as other documents filed with the SEC in connection with the Proposed Business
Combination, as these documents contain important information about Inflection Point, USARE, and the Proposed Business Combination. Securityholders
of Inflection Point and equityholders of USARE may obtain a copy of the preliminary or definitive proxy statement/prospectus, as well
as other documents filed by Inflection Point with the SEC that will or may be incorporated by reference in the proxy statement/prospectus,
without charge, at the SECs website located at www.sec.gov or by directing a written request to Inflection Point at Inflection
Point Acquisition Corp. II, 167 Madison Avenue Suite 205 #1017 New York, New York 10016.

The contents of Inflection Points and USAREs
website are not incorporated into this filing.

2

Participants in the Solicitation 

Inflection Point and its directors and executive
officers may be deemed participants in the solicitation of proxies from Inflection Points stockholders with respect to the Proposed
Business Combination. A list of the names of those directors and executive officers and information regarding their interests in the Proposed
Business Combination has been and will be included in the sections entitled Beneficial Ownership of Securities and
The Business Combination Proposal Interests of Certain Inflection Point Persons in the Business Combination
of Inflection Points Registration Statement, which is available free of charge at the SECs website at https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1787434/000121390025010175/ea0220524-04.htm

USAREs managers and executive officers
may also be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the stockholders of Inflection Point in connection with the
Proposed Business Combination. A list of the names of such managers and executive officers and information regarding their interests in
the Proposed Business Combination has been and will be included in the sections entitled Beneficial Ownership of Securities
and The Business Combination Proposal Interests of the USARE Directors and Executive Officers of Inflection
Points Registration Statement, which is available free of charge at the SECs website at https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1787434/000121390025010175/ea0220524-04.htm

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Current Report on Form 8-K includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements may include, without limitation, statements regarding or similar to: estimates and forecasts
of financial and operational metrics; plans, goals, ambitions, targets, projections, future business and operations regarding future mining
capabilities, operations, manufacturing capacity and plant performance; projections of market opportunity and market share; USAREs
commercialization costs and timeline; USAREs ability to timely and effectively meet construction and mining timelines and scale
its production and manufacturing processes; USAREs ability to maintain, protect, and enhance its intellectual property; development
of favorable regulations and government demand, contracts, and incentives affecting the markets in which USARE operates; USAREs
ability to receive and/or maintain the necessary permits and other government approvals necessary to operate its business; any estimates
with respect to the rare earth and critical element and mineral deposits in the Texas Round Top deposit; Inflection Points and
USAREs expectations with respect to future performance of USAREs (and, after the Proposed Business Combination, the combined
companys) business; the expected funding of any PIPE investment and any additional pre-funded investment, to the extent they remain
unfunded; anticipated financial impacts of the Proposed Business Combination; the satisfaction of the closing conditions to the Proposed
Business Combination; and the timing of the completion of the Proposed Business Combination. For example, any projections of future enterprise
value, revenue, market share, and other metrics are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements
by terminology such as anticipate, believe, continue, estimate, expect,
intend, may, potential, predict, should, or will,
or, or the negatives of these terms or variations of them or similar terminology, although not all forward-looking statements contain
such identifying words.

3

These forward-looking statements are based upon
estimates and assumptions that, while considered reasonable by Inflection Point, USARE and their respective managements, as the case may
be, are inherently uncertain. These forward-looking statements are provided for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to serve
as, and must not be relied on by any investor as, a guarantee, an assurance, a prediction, or a definitive statement of fact or probability.
Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible to predict and will differ from assumptions. Many actual events and circumstances
are beyond the control of Inflection Point and USARE. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors
which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that
may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, but are not limited to: (1) changes in domestic and foreign
business, market, financial, political conditions, and in applicable laws and regulations, (2) the occurrence of any event, change or
other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of definitive agreements and any negotiations with respect to the Proposed
Business Combination; (3) the outcome of any legal proceedings that have or may be instituted against Inflection Point, USARE, the combined
company, or others; (4) the inability to complete the Proposed Business Combination due to the failure to obtain approval of the stockholders
of Inflection Point for the Proposed Business Combination or to satisfy other conditions to closing; (5) changes to the proposed structure
of the Proposed Business Combination that may be required or appropriate as a result of applicable laws or regulations; (6) the ability
to meet stock exchange listing standards following the consummation of the Proposed Business Combination; (7) the risk that the Proposed
Business Combination disrupts current plans and operations of Inflection Point or USARE, including as a result of the announcement and
consummation of the Proposed Business Combination; (8) the ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the Proposed Business Combination,
which may be affected by, among other things: competition, the ability of the combined company to grow and manage growth profitably, the
ability of the combined company to build or maintain relationships with customers and suppliers and retain its management and key employees,
the supply and demand for rare earth minerals, the timing and amount of future production, costs of production, capital expenditures and
requirements for additional capital, timing of future cash flow provided by operating activities, if any, uncertainty in any mineral estimates,
uncertainty in any geological, metallurgical, and geotechnical studies and opinions, and transportation risks; (9) costs related to the
Proposed Business Combination; (10) the possibility that USARE or the combined company may be adversely affected by other economic, business,
and/or competitive factors; (11) estimates of expenses and profitability and underlying assumptions with respect to stockholder redemptions
and purchase price and other adjustments; (12) risks related to the development of USAREs magnet production facility and the timing
of expected production milestones, and (13) other risks and uncertainties set forth in the Registration Statement (defined below) filed
by Inflection Point with the SEC, the sections entitled Risk Factors and Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements and similar sections in Inflection Points final prospectus relating to its initial public offering dated
May 24, 2023, and in subsequent Inflection Point filings with the SEC, including the Registration Statement (as defined below), relating
to the Proposed Business Combination filed by Inflection Point, and any periodic Exchange Act reports filed with the SEC such as its Annual
Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and Current Reports on Form 8-K.The recipient of this Current Report on Form 8-K
should carefully consider the foregoing risk factors and the other risks and uncertainties which are more fully described in the Risk
Factors section of the Registration Statement discussed below and other documents filed by Inflection Point from time to time with
the SEC. If any of these risks materialize or the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially from
the results implied by these forward-looking statements. There may be additional risks that neither Inflection Point nor USARE presently
know or that they currently believe are immaterial that could also cause actual results to differ from contained in the forward-looking
statements. In addition, forward-looking statements reflect Inflection Point and USAREs expectations, plans, or forecasts of future
events and views as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K. Nothing in this communication should be regarded as a representation
by any person that the forward-looking statements set forth herein will be achieved or that any of the contemplated results of such forward-looking
statements will be achieved. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K. Inflection
Point, USARE, and their respective representatives and affiliates specifically disclaim any obligation to, and do not intend to, update
or revise these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Accordingly, these forward-looking
statements should not be relied upon as representing Inflection Points, USAREs, or any of their respective representatives
or affiliates assessments as of any date subsequent to the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K, and therefore undue reliance
should not be placed upon the forward-looking statements. This Current Report on Form 8-K contains preliminary information only, is subject
to change at any time, and is not, and should not be assumed to be, complete or constitute all of the information necessary to adequately
make an informed decision regarding any potential investment in connection with the Proposed Business Combination.

No Offer or Solicitation 

This Current Report on Form 8-K does not constitute
(i) a solicitation of a proxy, consent, or authorization with respect to any securities or in respect of the Proposed Business Combination,
or (ii) an offer to sell, a solicitation of an offer to buy, or a recommendation to purchase any security of Inflection Point, USARE,
or any of their respective affiliates. No offering of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements
of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or an exemption therefrom, nor shall any sale of securities in any states or
jurisdictions in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities
laws of any such jurisdiction be effected. No securities commission or securities regulatory authority in the United States or any other
jurisdiction has in any way passed upon the merits of the Proposed Business Combination or the accuracy or adequacy of this presentation.

4

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits 

(d) Exhibits. The following exhibits are filed or furnished
with this Current Report on Form 8-K:

Exhibit 

Number Description

2.1* Amendment No. 2 to Business Combination Agreement, dated as of January 30, 2025, by and between Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II and USA Rare Earth, LLC.

10.1 Amendment No. 1 to Sponsor Support Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2025, by and among Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II, USA Rare Earth, LLC and Inflection Point Holdings II, LLC.

10.2 Termination Agreement, dated January 31, 2025, by and among Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II, USA Rare Earth, LLC and Inflection Point Fund I, LP.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

* Certain schedules and similar attachments to this Exhibit
have been omitted in accordance with Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II agrees to furnish supplementally
a copy of any omitted exhibit or schedule to the SEC upon its request.

5

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II

Date: February 5, 2025 By: /s/ Michael Blitzer

Name: Michael Blitzer

Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023009801ex2-1_inflect2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO BUSINESS COMBINATION AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF JANUARY 30, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II AND USA RARE EARTH, LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 2.1

Execution Version

AMENDMENT NO. 2

TO

BUSINESS COMBINATION AGREEMENT

This AMENDMENT is made and
entered into as of January 30, 2025 (this Amendment), by and between Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II,
a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Purchaser) and USA Rare Earth, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
(the Company). Each of the foregoing will individually be referred to herein as a Party
and, collectively as the Parties. Capitalized terms used, but not otherwise defined, herein shall have the
respective meanings assigned to such terms in the Agreement (as defined below).

RECITALS:

WHEREAS, the Parties and IPXX
Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Purchaser, entered into that certain
Business Combination Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2024, as amended by the Amendment No. 1 to the Business Combination Agreement,
dated as of November 12, 2024 (as the same may be further amended from time to time in accordance with its terms, the Agreement);

WHEREAS, in connection with
the purchase of additional pre-Closing Company Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units, the Company has agreed to forego the Sponsor Forfeiture;

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section
9.10 of the Agreement, the Agreement may be amended by the Parties at any time by execution of an instrument in writing signed on behalf
of each of the Parties; and

WHEREAS, the Parties desire
to amend the Agreement as set forth herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the covenants, promises and the representations and warranties set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:

1. Amendment
to Section 1.01(b). Section 1.01(b) of the Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

(b) Effect on Purchaser Securities.
(i) Immediately prior to the Domestication, pursuant to the Sponsor Support Agreement, each then issued and outstanding Purchaser Class
B Ordinary Share shall convert automatically, on a one-for-one basis, into one (1) Purchaser Class A Ordinary Share and (ii) in connection
with the Domestication, (x) each then issued and outstanding Purchaser Class A Ordinary Share shall convert automatically, on a one-for-one
basis, into one (1) share of Domesticated Purchaser Common Stock; (y) each then issued and outstanding Cayman Purchaser Warrant shall
convert automatically into one (1) Domesticated Purchaser Warrant, pursuant to the Warrant Agreement; and (z) each then issued and outstanding
Cayman Purchaser Units shall be cancelled and will thereafter entitle the holder thereof to one (1) share of Domesticated Purchaser Common
Stock and one-half (1/2) of one Domesticated Purchaser Warrant.

2. Amendment
to Section 1.02(e). Section 1.02(e) of the Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

(e) Managers and Officers of the Surviving
Company. Immediately after the Effective Time, the Purchaser shall be the initial manager of the Surviving Company and the executive
officers of the Surviving Company shall be the same as set forth in Section 6.18 and otherwise in accordance with the terms of
this Agreement (or as otherwise may be determined by the Purchaser and the Company).

3. Amendment
to Section 3.02(a). Section 3.02(a) of the Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

(a) Purchaser Closing Certificate.
Four (4) Business Days prior to the Closing, the deliver to the Company a written notice setting forth the Purchasers good faith
calculation of the following: (i) the aggregate amount of cash proceeds that will be required to satisfy any exercise of the Redemptions;
(ii) the aggregate amount of the Purchaser Transaction Costs as of the Closing; and (iii) the number of shares of Domesticated Purchaser
Common Stock and Domesticated Purchaser Warrants, in each case, to be outstanding as of the Closing and after giving effect to the Domestication,
the Redemption and the issuance of securities in connection with the consummation of the PIPE Investment.

4. Amendment
to Section 6.18. Section 6.18 of the Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

Subject to the terms and conditions
of the Purchaser Charter upon Domestication and the Purchaser Bylaws upon Domestication:

(a) The Parties shall take all such action
within their power as may be necessary or appropriate so that effective as of the Closing, the Purchasers board of directors (the
Post-Closing Purchaser Board) will not be classified as to term and will initially consist of the individuals listed
on Schedule 6.18(a) to this Agreement (Directors of the Post-Closing Purchaser Board), one of whom will be appointed as
initial chairperson of the Post-Closing Purchaser Board, one of whom will be appointed as initial chairperson of the audit committee and
one of whom will be appointed as initial chairperson on the compensation committee as set forth on Schedule 6.18(a) (the Designated
Directors). To the extent any Designated Director declines to serve, is unable to serve, or is anticipated to fail to meet
the applicable independence and other requirements of Nasdaq and SEC rules (as mutually determined by the Company and the Purchaser with
the advice of counsel), the Company and the Purchaser shall mutually agree upon a replacement individual to serve as a director on the
Post-Closing Purchaser Board. The Purchaser shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain resignations effective as of Closing from
the directors of the Purchaser that are not to remain directors on the Post-Closing Purchaser Board.

(b) The Parties agree that (i) their mutual
intent is that the initial offices and committees of the Post-Closing Purchaser Board, and certain initial actions of the Post-Closing
Purchaser Board, will be as set forth on Schedule 6.18(b) (Designations and Appointments of the Post-Closing Purchaser Board)
subject to the limitations therein, and (ii) they will use commercially reasonable efforts to prepare mutually agreeable written resolutions
implementing such designations and appointments for the Post-Closing Purchaser Board to consider and, if thought fit, to adopt immediately
following the Closing (or as soon thereafter as the Post-Closing Purchaser Board determines), provided, that each of the Parties acknowledges
and agrees that such designations, appointments and actions (including with respect to clause (i) and (ii) above) shall be made by the
Post-Closing Purchaser Board in its sole and absolute discretion.

(c) At or prior to the Closing, the Company,
if requested, and the Purchaser shall provide each initial director with a customary director indemnification agreement, in form and substance
reasonably acceptable to such director, the Company and the Purchaser.

(d) The Parties shall take all action
necessary, including the Purchaser causing the executive officers of Purchaser to resign, so that the individuals serving as the executive
officers of the Purchaser immediately after the Closing will be (i) Joshua Ballard as Chief Executive Officer and (ii) such other individuals
as mutually agreed by the Company and the Purchaser.

(e) Prior to the Closing, the Purchaser
and the Company shall be permitted to revise, by mutual agreement, the forms of (i) the Purchaser Charter upon Domestication and (ii)
the Purchaser Bylaws upon Domestication, as necessary or convenient, including to give effect to the provisions of this Section 6.18,
and to provide for a declassified Post-Closing Purchaser Board.

5. Amendment
to Section 10.01. Section 10.01 of the Agreement is hereby amended by amending and restating the defined term Company Class
A-2 Convertible Preferred Units as follows:

Company Class A-2 Convertible
Preferred Units means the Class A-2 convertible preferred units of the Company.

2

6. Amendment
to Section 6.11. Section 6.11 of the Agreement is hereby amended by including the following provision as new sub-section Section
6.11(f):

(f) Prior to or on the Closing Date, the
Company shall have delivered to the Purchaser a properly completed and duly executed IRS Form W-9 or IRS Form W-8 of the applicable series
from each Member that has delivered such W-9 or W-8, as applicable, to the Company prior to the Closing Date. From the Closing Date until
December 31, 2025, the Company shall use reasonable best efforts to cause any Member(s) that have not delivered IRS Form W-9 or IRS Form
W-8 to the Company as of the Closing Date to deliver a properly completed and duly executed IRS Form W-9 or IRS Form W-8 of the applicable
series from such Member(s), and the Company shall promptly deliver any such received W-9 or W-8 to the Purchaser.

7. Amendment
to Section 7.03(d)(iii). Section 7.03(d)(iii) of the Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

(iii) The Company shall have delivered
to the Purchaser:

(A) a copy of the A&R Registration
Rights Agreement, duly executed by the applicable Members.

8. Counterparts;
Electronic Delivery. This Amendment may be executed in counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same document
and shall become effective when such counterparts have been signed by each Party and delivered to the other Party, it being understood
that all Parties need not sign the same counterpart. Delivery by electronic transmission to counsel for the other Party of a counterpart
executed by a Party shall be deemed to meet the requirements of the previous sentence. The exchange of a fully executed Amendment (in
counterparts or otherwise) in pdf, docusign or similar format and transmitted by facsimile or email shall be sufficient to bind the Parties
to the terms and conditions of this Amendment.

9. Effect
of This Amendment. This Amendment is made a part of the Agreement. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the Agreement
is, and shall continue to be, in full force and effect and is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects, except that on and after
the date hereof all references in the Agreement to this Agreement, hereto, hereof, hereunder
or words of like import referring to the Agreement shall mean the Agreement as amended by this Amendment. Any reference to the Agreement
contained in any notice, request, certificate or other document executed concurrently with or after the execution and delivery of this
Amendment shall be deemed to refer to the Agreement as modified by this Amendment unless the context shall otherwise require. For the
avoidance of doubt, references to the phrases the date of this Agreement or the date hereof, wherever used
in the Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, shall mean August 21, 2024.

10. Other
Provisions. All other provisions of the Agreement not specifically amended by this Amendment shall remain in full force and effect.
Section 9.03 (Binding Effect; Assignment), Section 9.05 (Governing Law), Section 9.06 (Jurisdiction), Section 9.07
(WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL), Section 9.09 (Severability), Section 9.10 (Amendment; Waiver) and Section 9.12 (Interpretation)
of the Agreement are incorporated herein by reference and shall apply mutatis mutandis to this Amendment.

[Signature Pages Follow]

3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this
Amendment to be executed as of the date first written above.

The Purchaser:

INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II

By: /s/ Michael Blitzer

Name: Michael Blitzer

Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to Business
Combination Agreement]

The Company:

USA RARE EARTH, LLC

By: /s/ Joshua Ballard

Name: Joshua Ballard

Title: Chief Executive Officer and Manager

[Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to Business
Combination Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023009801ex10-1_inflect2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO SPONSOR SUPPORT AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF JANUARY 31, 2025, BY AND AMONG INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II, USA RARE EARTH, LLC AND INFLECTION POINT HOLDINGS II, LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Execution Version

AMENDMENT NO. 1

TO

SPONSOR SUPPORT AGREEMENT

This AMENDMENT is made and
entered into as of January 31, 2025 (this Amendment), by and among Inflection Point Holdings II LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company (the Sponsor), Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II, a Cayman Islands exempted
company (the Purchaser) and USA Rare Earth, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company).
Each of the foregoing will individually be referred to herein as a Party and, collectively as the Parties.
Capitalized terms used, but not otherwise defined, herein shall have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in the Business Combination
Agreement (as defined below).

RECITALS:

WHEREAS, the Parties entered
into that certain Sponsor Support Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2024 (as the same may be further amended from time to time in accordance
with its terms, the Agreement);

WHEREAS, the Agreement was
entered into contemporaneously with the execution and delivery by the Purchaser, the Company and IPXX Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company and direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the Purchaser, a Business Combination Agreement dated as August 21, 2024 (as amended,
supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with its terms, the Business Combination Agreement);

WHEREAS, in connection with
the purchase of additional pre-Closing Company Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units, the Company has agreed to forego the potential forfeiture
of Cayman Purchaser Private Placement Warrants contemplated by Section 1.13 of the Agreement;

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section
3.4 of the Agreement, the Agreement may be amended by the Parties at any time by execution of an instrument in writing signed on behalf
of each of the Parties; and

WHEREAS, the Parties desire
to amend the Agreement as set forth herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the covenants, promises and the representations and warranties set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:

1. Amendment
to Section 1.13. Section 1.13 of the Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

[Reserved.]

2. Counterparts;
Electronic Delivery. This Amendment may be executed in counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same document
and shall become effective when such counterparts have been signed by each Party and delivered to the other Parties, it being understood
that all Parties need not sign the same counterpart. Delivery by electronic transmission to counsel for the other Parties of a counterpart
executed by a Party shall be deemed to meet the requirements of the previous sentence. The exchange of a fully executed Amendment (in
counterparts or otherwise) in pdf, docusign or similar format and transmitted by facsimile or email shall be sufficient to bind the Parties
to the terms and conditions of this Amendment.

3. Effect
of This Amendment. This Amendment is made a part of the Agreement. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the Agreement
is, and shall continue to be, in full force and effect and is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects, except that on and after
the date hereof all references in the Agreement to this Agreement, hereto, hereof, hereunder
or words of like import referring to the Agreement shall mean the Agreement as amended by this Amendment. Any reference to the Agreement
contained in any notice, request, certificate or other document executed concurrently with or after the execution and delivery of this
Amendment shall be deemed to refer to the Agreement as modified by this Amendment unless the context shall otherwise require. For the
avoidance of doubt, references to the phrases the date of this Agreement or the date hereof, wherever used
in the Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, shall mean August 21, 2024.

4. Other
Provisions. All other provisions of the Agreement not specifically amended by this Amendment shall remain in full force and effect.
Section 3.2 (Assignment), Section 3.4 (Amendment), and Section 3.5 (Miscellaneous) of the Agreement are incorporated
herein by reference and shall apply mutatis mutandis to this Amendment.

[Signature Pages Follow]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this
Amendment to be executed as of the date first written above.

SPONSOR:

Inflection Point HOLDINGS II LLC

By: /s/ Michael Blitzer

Name: Michael Blitzer

Title: Managing Member

[Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to Sponsor
Support Agreement]

PURCHASER:

Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II

By: /s/ Michael Blitzer

Name: Michael Blitzer

Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to Sponsor
Support Agreement]

COMPANY:

USA RARE EARTH, LLC

By: /s/ David Kronenfeld

Name: David Kronenfeld

Title: Chief Legal Officer

[Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to Sponsor
Support Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023009801ex10-2_inflect2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>TERMINATION AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 31, 2025, BY AND AMONG INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II, USA RARE EARTH, LLC AND INFLECTION POINT FUND I, LP
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

Execution Version

TERMINATION AGREEMENT

This Termination Agreement,
dated as of January 31, 2025 (the Termination Agreement), by and among Inflection Point Acquisition Corp.
II, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), USA Rare Earth, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
(the Target), and Inflection Point Fund I, LP (the Purchaser and together with
the Company and the Target, the Parties and each, a Party). Capitalized terms
used, but not otherwise defined, herein shall have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in the Agreement (as defined below).

WHEREAS, the Parties
have entered into that certain securities purchase agreement, dated as of August 21, 2024 (the Agreement)
pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell, and the Purchaser agreed to purchase 759,804 shares of Preferred Stock and a warrant exercisable
to purchase 759,804 Warrant Shares at an initial exercise price of $12.00, for an aggregate purchase price of $9,117,648 (the Series
A Preferred Stock Investment);

WHEREAS, the Target
and the Purchaser entered into that certain securities purchase agreement, dated as of August 21, 2024 (the Purchaser Class
A Preferred SPA) pursuant to which the Target agreed to sell, and the Purchaser agreed to purchase, (i) 343,137 Class A-2
convertible preferred units of the Target (Target Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units) and (ii) a warrant
to purchase 561,887 Class A units of the Target, for an aggregate purchase price of $3,500,000 (the Initial Class A-2 Convertible
Preferred Investment);

WHEREAS, in connection
with the Initial Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Investment, the Target, the Purchaser, and the other parties thereto entered into a letter
agreement, dated August 21, 2024 (the Letter Agreement) pursuant to which, amongst other things, the Purchaser
has the right, but not the obligation, to accelerate its commitment to make the Series A Preferred Stock Investment by purchasing additional
Target Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units and warrants on terms and conditions identical to those set forth in the Purchaser Class
A Preferred SPA, with the Purchasers obligation to make the Series A Preferred Stock Investment reduced by an amount equal to the
product of (i) the Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Unit Original Issue Price (as defined in the operating agreement of the Target, as
of the date hereof, as amended) multiplied by the (ii) the number of additional Target Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units purchased;

WHEREAS, on January
31, 2025, the Target and the Purchaser entered into a securities purchase agreement pursuant to which the Target agreed to sell, and
the Purchaser agreed to purchase an additional (i) 833,333 Target Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units and (ii) warrant to purchase 833,333
Class A units of the Target, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $8,500,000 (the Additional Class A-2 Convertible
Preferred Investment) and such purchase will eliminate the Purchasers obligation to make the Series A Preferred
Stock Investment pursuant to the terms of the Letter Agreement;

WHEREAS, in light of
the elimination of the Purchasers obligation to make the Series A Preferred Stock Investment pursuant to the terms of the Letter
Agreement upon funding of the Additional Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Investment, the Parties hereto desire to terminate the Agreement
upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein; and

WHEREAS, pursuant to
Section 5.1 of the Agreement, the Parties may terminate the Agreement by mutual written consent of the Parties.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the
premises set forth above and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the
Parties agree as follows:

1.
Termination of the Agreement. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Termination Agreement, the Agreement is hereby terminated with immediate effect upon the Purchaser making the Additional Class A-2 Convertible
Preferred Investment (the Termination Date). From and after the Termination Date, the Agreement will be of
no further force or effect, and all rights and obligations of each of the Parties thereunder shall terminate.

2.
Representations and Warranties. Each Party hereby represents and warrants
to the other Party that:

(a) It
has the full right, power, and authority to enter into this Termination Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder.

(b) The
execution of this Termination Agreement by the individual whose signature is set forth at the end of this Termination Agreement on behalf
of such Party, and the delivery of this Termination Agreement by such Party, have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the
part of such Party.

(c) This
Termination Agreement has been executed and delivered by such Party and (assuming due authorization, execution, and delivery by the other
Parties hereto) constitutes the legal, valid, and binding obligation of such Party, enforceable against such Party in accordance with
its terms, except as may be limited by any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or similar laws and equitable
principles related to or affecting creditors rights generally or the effect of general principles of equity.

(d) EXCEPT
FOR THE EXPRESS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN SECTIONS 3 AND 4 OF THE AGREEMENT AND IN THIS SECTION 2 OF THIS TERMINATION
AGREEMENT, (A) NO PARTY HERETO NOR ANY PERSON ON SUCH PARTYS BEHALF HAS MADE OR MAKES ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED REPRESENTATION OR
WARRANTY WHATSOEVER, EITHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, WHETHER ARISING BY LAW, COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, USAGE OF TRADE OR OTHERWISE,
ALL OF WHICH ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED, AND (B) EACH PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES THAT, IN ENTERING INTO THIS TERMINATION AGREEMENT, IT HAS
NOT RELIED UPON ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY MADE BY ANY OTHER PARTY, OR ANY OTHER PERSON ON SUCH OTHER PARTYS BEHALF, EXCEPT
AS SPECIFICALLY PROVIDED IN THIS SECTION 2.

3.
Miscellaneous.

(a) Notices.
All notices and other communications given or made pursuant to this Termination Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively
given upon the earlier of actual receipt, or (i) personal delivery to the Party to be notified, (ii) when sent, if sent by electronic
mail or facsimile (if any) during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not sent during normal business hours, then on the recipients
next Business Day, (iii) five (5) Business Days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage
prepaid, or (iv) one (1) Business Day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, freight prepaid, specifying next Business
Day delivery, with written verification of receipt. All communications sent to the Company shall be sent to: Inflection Point Acquisition
Corp. II, 167 Madison Avenue, Suite 205, New York, New York 10016, Attn: Michael Blitzer, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, email:
blitzer@kingstowncapital.com, with a copy to the Companys counsel at: White & Case LLP, 1221 6th Avenue New York, New York
10020, Attn: Joel Rubinstein, Esq., email: joel.rubinstein@whitecase.com. All communications to the Target shall be sent to the Targets
address as set forth on the signature page of this Termination Agreement, or to such e-mail address, facsimile number (if any) or address
as subsequently modified by written notice given in accordance with this Section 3(a). All communications to the Purchaser
shall be sent to the Purchasers address as set forth on the signature page of this Termination Agreement, or to such e-mail address,
facsimile number (if any) or address as subsequently modified by written notice given in accordance with this Section 3(a). 

(b) Survival
of Representations and Warranties. All of the representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Termination Date.

2

(c) Entire
Agreement. This Termination Agreement, together with any documents, instruments and writings that are delivered pursuant hereto or
referenced herein, constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the Parties hereto in respect of its subject matter and supersedes
all prior understandings, agreements, or representations by or among the Parties hereto, written or oral, to the extent they relate in
any way to the subject matter hereof or the transactions contemplated hereby.

(d) Successors.
All of the terms, agreements, covenants, representations, warranties, and conditions of this Termination Agreement are binding upon, and
inure to the benefit of and are enforceable by, the Parties hereto and their respective successors. Nothing in this Termination Agreement,
express or implied, is intended to confer upon any Person other than the Parties hereto or their respective successors and assigns any
rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Termination Agreement, except as expressly provided in this Termination
Agreement.

(e) Assignments.
Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, no Party hereto may assign either this Termination Agreement or any of its rights, interests,
or obligations hereunder without the prior written approval of the other Parties.

(f) Counterparts.
This Termination Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original but all of which together
will constitute one and the same instrument.

(g) Headings.
The section headings contained in this Termination Agreement are inserted for convenience only and will not affect in any way the meaning
or interpretation of this Termination Agreement.

(h) Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Termination Agreement shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof.

(i) Jurisdiction.
Each Party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated
by this Termination Agreement (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders,
partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the State of Delaware.
Each Party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the State of Delaware for
the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including
with respect to the enforcement of the Termination Agreement), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any action or
proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such action or proceeding is improper
or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each Party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process
being served in any such action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence
of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Termination Agreement and agrees that such service shall
constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any
right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If any Party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions
of this Termination Agreement, then, the prevailing Party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing Party
for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of
such action or proceeding.

3

(j) WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL IN CONNECTION WITH ANY LITIGATION PURSUANT TO THIS TERMINATION
AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

(k) Amendments.
This Termination Agreement may not be amended, modified or waived as to any particular provision except with the prior written consent
of the Parties.

(l) Severability.
The provisions of this Termination Agreement will be deemed severable and the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision herein will
not affect the validity or enforceability of the other provisions hereof; provided, that if any provision of this Termination Agreement,
as applied to any Party hereto or to any circumstance, is adjudged by a governmental authority, arbitrator, or mediator not to be enforceable
in accordance with its terms, the Parties hereto agree that the governmental authority, arbitrator, or mediator making such determination
will have the power to modify the provision in a manner consistent with its objectives such that it is enforceable, and/or to delete specific
words or phrases, and in its reduced form, such provision will then be enforceable and will be enforced.

(m) Expenses.
Each of the Parties will bear its own costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, execution and performance of this
Termination Agreement, including all fees and expenses of agents, representatives, financial advisors, legal counsel and accountants.

(n) Construction.
The Parties hereto have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Termination Agreement. If an ambiguity or question
of intent or interpretation arises, this Termination Agreement will be construed as if drafted jointly by the Parties hereto and no presumption
or burden of proof will arise favoring or disfavoring any Party hereto because of the authorship of any provision of this Termination
Agreement. Any reference to any federal, state, local, or foreign law will be deemed also to refer to law as amended and all rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder, unless the context requires otherwise. The words include, includes, and
including will be deemed to be followed by without limitation. Pronouns in masculine, feminine, and neuter
genders will be construed to include any other gender, and words in the singular form will be construed to include the plural and vice
versa, unless the context otherwise requires. The words this Termination Agreement, herein, hereof,
hereby, hereunder, and words of similar import refer to this Termination Agreement as a whole and not to any
particular subdivision unless expressly so limited. The Parties hereto intend that each representation, warranty, and covenant contained
herein will have independent significance. If any Party hereto has breached any representation, warranty, or covenant contained herein
in any respect, the fact that there exists another representation, warranty or covenant relating to the same subject matter (regardless
of the relative levels of specificity) which such Party hereto has not breached will not detract from or mitigate the fact that such Party
hereto is in breach of the first representation, warranty, or covenant.

(o) Waiver.
No waiver by any Party hereto of any default, misrepresentation, or breach of warranty or covenant hereunder, whether intentional or not,
may be deemed to extend to any prior or subsequent default, misrepresentation, or breach of warranty or covenant hereunder or affect in
any way any rights arising because of any prior or subsequent occurrence.

[Signature Pages
Follow]

4

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Termination Agreement
as of the date first written above.

PURCHASER: 

INFLECTION POINT FUND I, LP 

By: /s/ Michael Blitzer 

Name: Michael Blitzer 

Title: Chief Investment Officer 

Address for Notices: 1680 Michigan Avenue, Suite 700, #1016, Miami Beach, FL 33139 

New York NY 10022 USA 

Attn: Michael Blitzer, Chief Investment Officer 

E-mail: blitzer@kingstowncapital.com 

TARGET: 

USA RARE EARTH, LLC 

By: /s/ David Kronenfeld 

Name: David Kronenfeld 

Title: Chief Legal Officer 

Address for Notices: 100 W Airport Road, Stillwater, OK 74075 

Attn.: David Kronenfeld, Chief Legal Officer 

E-mail: David.kronenfeld@usare.com 

COMPANY: 

INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 

By: /s/ Michael Blitzer 

Name: Michael Blitzer 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Address for Notices: 167 Madison Avenue, Suite 205 #1017 

New York NY 10016 USA 

Attn: Michael Blitzer, Chief Investment Officer 

E-mail: blitzer@kingstowncapital.com 

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

White & Case LLP 

1221 Avenue of the Americas 

New York, New York 10020 

Attn.: Joel Rubinstein 

Email: joel.rubinstein@whitecase.com 

[Signature Page to Termination Agreement]

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ipxx-20250130.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ipxx-20250130_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ipxx-20250130_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, and one-half of one redeemable warrant 

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ipxx-20250130_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Jan. 30, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 30, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41711

Entity Registrant Name Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II

Entity Central Index Key 0001970622

Entity Tax Identification Number 00-0000000

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Address, Address Line One 167 Madison Avenue Suite 205 #1017

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10016

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 476-6908

Written Communications true

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, and one-half of one redeemable warrant 

Title of 12(b) Security Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, and one-half of one redeemable warrant

Trading Symbol IPXXU

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol IPXX

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share

Trading Symbol IPXXW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=IPXX_UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShare0.0001ParValueAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=IPXX_ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=IPXX_WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
4 
23 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://inflectionpointacquisition.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0230098-8k425_inflect2.htm 
ipxx-20250130.xsd 
ipxx-20250130_def.xml 
ipxx-20250130_lab.xml 
ipxx-20250130_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-010589-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>ea0230098-8k425_inflect2_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001970622 

2025-01-30 
2025-01-30 

0001970622 

IPXX:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShare0.0001ParValueAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember 

2025-01-30 
2025-01-30 

0001970622 

IPXX:ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-01-30 
2025-01-30 

0001970622 

IPXX:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember 

2025-01-30 
2025-01-30 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001970622 
00-0000000 
8-K 
2025-01-30 
Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II 
E9 
001-41711 
167 Madison Avenue Suite 205 #1017 
New York 
NY 
10016 
212 
476-6908 
true 
false 
false 
false 
Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, and one-half of one redeemable warrant 
IPXXU 
NASDAQ 
Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 
IPXX 
NASDAQ 
Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 
IPXXW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>