<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-003246.txt : 20250122
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-003246.hdr.sgml : 20250122
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250122170019
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-003246
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250116
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250122
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250122

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Clean Energy Technologies, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001329606
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATURAL GAS DISTRIBUTION [4924]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				202675800
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41654
		FILM NUMBER:		25546597

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1340 REYNOLDS AVE
		STREET 2:		#120, IRVINE
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92614
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(949) 273-4990

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1340 REYNOLDS AVE
		STREET 2:		#120, IRVINE
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92614

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Probe Manufacturing Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050608
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000132960600013296062025-01-162025-01-16iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C.

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January
16, 2025

Clean
Energy Technologies, Inc.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

001-41654 20-2675800

(Commission
File Number) (IRS
Employer Identification Number)

1340
Reynolds Avenue,
Unit
120

Irvine,
CA 92614

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip
Code)

(949)273-4990

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

N/A

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17
CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17
CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of Each Class Trading
Symbol(s) 

Name
of Each Exchange on Which Registered

Common
Stock, par value $0.001 CETY The
NasdaqStock
Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405)
or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Effective
January 16, 2025, Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. (the Company), entered into a securities purchase agreement (the
SPA) with Mast Hill Fund, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (Mast Hill), pursuant to which
the Company sold, and Mast Hill purchased, (i) a junior secured convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $1,637,833.33
(the Note), and (ii) warrants to purchase 818,917 shares of Company common stock (the Warrants),
for an aggregate purchase price of $1,474,050 (the Transaction).

The
Transaction closed on January 16, 2025, and on such date pursuant to the SPA, Mast Hills legal expenses of $22,000 were paid from
the gross purchase price, Mast Hill was paid $852,406.35 as payment in full of that certain promissory note issued by the Company to
Mast Hill on or about September 10, 2024, and subsequently amended on or about December 11, 2024 (the September 10th
Mast Hill Note), and the Company receiving net funding of $308,051.20, and the Note and Warrants were issued to Mast Hill.

The
SPA includes customary representations, warranties and covenants by the Company and customary closing conditions. The SPA requires that
the proceeds from the Transaction be used for the payment of $852,406.35 to Mast Hill for the payment in full of the September 10th
Mast Hill Note, working capital, and business development, but not for repayment of indebtedness owed to officers, directors or
employees of the Company or their affiliates, the repayment of any debt issued in corporate finance transactions, any loan to or investment
in any other corporation, partnership, enterprise or other person (except in connection with the Companys currently existing operations),
or any loan, credit, or advance to any officers, directors, employees, or affiliates of the Company. The SPA also (i) requires the Company
to hold a special meeting of its shareholders, on or before the date that is 60 calendar days after the first date (after the date of
the SPA) that the Companys common stock has traded at a price per share of less than $0.50, for the purpose of obtaining shareholder
approval to issue shares of Company common stock to Mast Hill in excess of the Exchange Cap (as defined below), pursuant to Nasdaqs
listing rules, and (ii) prohibits the issuance of more than 9,156,726 shares of Company common stock (the Exchange Cap)
to Mast Hill in the aggregate until shareholder approval has been obtained.

The
Note matures 12 months following the issue date, accrues guaranteed interest of 10% per annum (with the first 12 months of interest guaranteed
and earned in full as of issuance of the Note), and is secured by a junior security interest (subordinate to the Companys senior
secured lender, Nations Interbanc) in all of the assets of the Company. The Note is convertible into shares of the Companys common
stock at the election of the holder at a conversion price equal to the lesser of (i) $2.50/share, or (ii) 90% of the lowest dollar volume-weighted
average price (during the period from 9:30 a.m. to 4 pm ET) on any trading day during the 5 trading days prior to the conversion date;
provided, however, that the holder may not convert the Note to the extent that such conversion would result in the holders beneficial
ownership of the Companys common stock being in excess of 4.99% of the Companys issued and outstanding common stock. Additionally,
the holder of the Note is entitled to deduct $1,750 from the conversion amount in each note conversion to cover the holders fees
associated with the conversion.

The
Warrants have a 5-year term, are exercisable on a cashless basis, and have an exercise price of $2.50, subject to adjustment as
provided in the Warrants.

The
foregoing descriptions of the SPA, Note, and Warrants do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference
to the full text of those agreements, copies of which are filed as Exhibits 10.1-10.3, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K
and incorporated by reference herein.

Item
2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The
disclosure provided above in Item 1.01 above is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03.

Item
3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The
disclosure provided above in Item 1.01 above is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02. The Note and Warrants were sold in reliance
on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as there was no general solicitation,
and the issuances did not involve a public offering.

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits

Exhibit
No. Description

10.1 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated January 16, 2025, entered into between the Company and Mast Hill *

10.2 Promissory Note, dated January 16, 2025, by the Company to Mast Hill *

10.3 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated January 16, 2025, by the Company to Mast Hill *

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL Document)

*
Filed herewith.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, hereunder duly authorized.

CLEAN
ENERGY TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

Dated:
January 22, 2025 By: /s/
Kambiz Mahdi

Kambiz
Mahdi

Chief
Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the Agreement), dated as of January 16, 2025, by and between CLEAN ENERGY TECHNOLOGIES,
INC., a Nevada corporation, with headquarters located at 1340 Reynolds Avenue Unit 120, Irvine, CA 92614 (the Company),
and MAST HILL FUND, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, with its address at 150 Grossman Drive, Suite 205, Braintree, MA 02184
(the Buyer).

WHEREAS:

A.
The Company and the Buyer are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded
by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act) and Rule 506(b) promulgated by the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) under the 1933 Act; and

B.
Buyer desires to purchase from the Company, and the Company desires to issue and sell to the Buyer, upon the terms and conditions set
forth in this Agreement, a junior secured promissory note of the Company, in the aggregate principal amount of $1,637,833.33 (as the
principal amount thereof may be increased pursuant to the terms thereof, and together with any note(s) issued in replacement thereof
or as a dividend thereon or otherwise with respect thereto in accordance with the terms thereof, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
A, the Note), convertible into shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share, of the Company (the Common
Stock), upon the terms and subject to the limitations and conditions set forth in such Note; and

C.
The Buyer wishes to purchase, upon the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement, such principal amount of the Note as is set forth
immediately below its name on the signature pages hereto; and

D.
The Company wishes to issue a common stock purchase warrant to purchase 818,917 shares of Common Stock (the Warrants),
to the Buyer as additional consideration for the purchase of the Note, which shall be earned in full as of the Closing Date, as further
provided herein; and

E.
In connection with this Agreement, the Company, the Subsidiaries (as defined below) and the Buyer have entered into a security agreement,
a form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit C (the Security Agreement); and

F.
In connection with this Agreement, the Company, MGW Investments I Limited (MGW), and the Buyer, have entered into a voting
agreement (the Voting Agreement), a form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit D.

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and of the agreements and covenants herein contained, and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Buyer hereby agree as follows:

1. Purchase
and Sale of Note.

a.
Purchase of Note. On the Closing Date (as defined below), the Company shall issue and sell to the Buyer, and the Buyer agrees
to purchase from the Company, the Note, as further provided herein. As used in this Agreement, the term business day shall
mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday, or a day on which commercial banks in the city of New York, New York are authorized or required
by law or executive order to remain closed.

b.
Form of Payment. On the Closing Date: (i) the Buyer shall pay the purchase price of $1,474,050.00 (the Purchase Price)
for the Note, to be issued and sold to it at the Closing (as defined below), by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company,
in accordance with the Companys written wiring instructions, against delivery of the Note, and (ii) the Company shall deliver
such duly executed Note and Warrants on behalf of the Company, to the Buyer, against delivery of such Purchase Price. On the Closing
Date, the Buyer shall withhold a non-accountable sum of $22,000.00 from the Purchase Price to cover the Buyers legal fees in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

c.
Closing Date. Subject to the satisfaction (or written waiver) of the conditions thereto set forth in Section 6 and Section 7 below,
the date and time of the issuance and sale of the Note pursuant to this Agreement (the Closing Date) shall be on the date
that the Purchase Price for the Note is paid by Buyer pursuant to terms of this Agreement.

1

d.
Closing. The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the Closing) shall occur on the Closing
Date at such location as may be agreed to by the parties (including via exchange of electronic signatures).

1A.
Warrants. On or before the Closing Date, the Company shall issue the Warrants to the Buyer pursuant to the terms contained therein,
which shall be earned in full as of the Closing Date.

2.
Buyers Representations and Warranties. The Buyer represents and warrants to the Company as of the Closing Date that:

a.
Investment Purpose. As of the Closing Date, the Buyer is purchasing the Note and Warrants (the Note, Warrants, shares of Common
Stock issuable upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note (the Conversion Shares), and shares of Common Stock
issuable upon exercise of or otherwise pursuant to the Warrants (the Exercise Shares) shall collectively be referred to
herein as the Securities) for its own account and not with a present view towards the public sale or distribution thereof,
except pursuant to sales registered or exempted from registration under the 1933 Act; provided, however, that by making
the representations herein, the Buyer does not agree to hold any of the Securities for any minimum or other specific term and reserves
the right to dispose of the Securities at any time in accordance with or pursuant to a registration statement or an exemption under the
1933 Act.

b.
Accredited Investor Status. The Buyer is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation
D (an Accredited Investor).

c.
Reliance on Exemptions. The Buyer understands that the Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance upon specific exemptions
from the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth
and accuracy of, and the Buyers compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings
of the Buyer set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the Buyer to acquire the
Securities.

d.
Information. The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been, and for so long as the Note remains outstanding will continue to be,
furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and
sale of the Securities which have been requested by the Buyer or its advisors. The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been, and for
so long as the Note remains outstanding will continue to be, afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the Company regarding its business
and affairs. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company has not disclosed to the Buyer any material nonpublic information regarding the
Company or otherwise and will not disclose such information unless such information is disclosed to the public prior to or promptly following
such disclosure to the Buyer. Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigation conducted by Buyer or any of its advisors
or representatives shall modify, amend or affect Buyers right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained
in Section 3 below.

e.
Governmental Review. The Buyer understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental
agency has passed upon or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities.

f.
Transfer or Re-sale. The Buyer understands that (i) the sale or resale of the Securities has not been and is not being registered
under the 1933 Act or any applicable state securities laws, and the Securities may not be transferred unless (a) the Securities are sold
pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act, (b) the Buyer shall have delivered to the Company, at the
cost of the Company, an opinion of counsel (which may be the Legal Counsel Opinion (as defined below)) that shall be in form, substance
and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions to the effect that the Securities to be sold or transferred may
be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company, (c) the Securities
are sold or transferred to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144 promulgated under the 1933 Act (or a successor rule) (Rule
144)) of the Buyer who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the Securities only in accordance with this Section 2(f) and who is
an Accredited Investor, (d) the Securities are sold pursuant to Rule 144 or other applicable exemption, or (e) the Securities are sold
pursuant to Regulation S under the 1933 Act (or a successor rule) (Regulation S), and the Buyer shall have delivered to
the Company, at the cost of the Company, an opinion of counsel that shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel
in corporate transactions, which opinion shall be accepted by the
Company; (ii) any sale of such Securities made in reliance on Rule 144 may be made only in accordance with the terms of said Rule and
further, if said Rule is not applicable, any re-sale of such Securities under circumstances in which the seller (or the person through
whom the sale is made) may be deemed to be an underwriter (as that term is defined in the 1933 Act) may require compliance with some
other exemption under the 1933 Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder; and (iii) neither the Company nor any other person
is under any obligation to register such Securities under the 1933 Act or any state securities laws or to comply with the terms and conditions
of any exemption thereunder (in each case).

2

g.
Legends. The Buyer understands that until such time as the Note, Warrants, Conversion Shares, and/or Exercise Shares, have been
registered under the 1933 Act or may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A under the 1933 Act, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption
without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, the Securities may
bear a restrictive legend in substantially the following form (and a stop-transfer order may be placed against transfer of such Securities):

NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE [CONVERTIBLE/EXERCISABLE]
HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED
FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM,
THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A, REGULATION S, OR OTHER APPLICABLE
EXEMPTION UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT
OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.

The
legend set forth above shall be removed and the Company shall issue a certificate or book entry statement for the applicable shares of
Common Stock without such legend to the holder of any Security upon which it is stamped or (as requested by such holder) issue the applicable
shares of Common Stock to such holder by electronic delivery by crediting the account of such holders broker with The Depository
Trust Company (DTC), if, unless otherwise required by applicable state securities laws, (a) such Security is registered
for sale under an effective registration statement filed under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A,
Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then
be immediately sold, or (b) the Company or the Buyer provides the Legal Counsel Opinion (as contemplated by and in accordance with Section
4(l) hereof) to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Security may be made without registration under the 1933 Act, which
opinion shall be accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected. The Company shall be responsible for the fees of its
transfer agent and all DTC fees associated with any such issuance. The Buyer agrees to sell all Securities, including those represented
by a certificate(s) from which the legend has been removed, in compliance with applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any. In
the event that the Company does not accept the opinion of counsel (which may be the Legal Counsel Opinion) provided by the Buyer with
respect to the transfer of Securities pursuant to an exemption from registration, such as Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other
applicable exemption at the Deadline (as defined in the Note), it will be considered an Event of Default pursuant to Section 3.2 of the
Note.

h.
Authorization; Enforcement. This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized by the Buyer and has been duly executed and delivered
on behalf of the Buyer, and this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Buyer enforceable in accordance with its
terms, except as enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors
rights generally and except as may be limited by the exercise of judicial discretion in applying principles of equity.

3

3.
Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Buyer as of the Closing Date that:

a.
Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries (as defined below), if any, is a corporation duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated or formed, with full power and authority
(corporate and other) to own, lease, use and operate its properties and to carry on its business as and where now owned, leased, used,
operated and conducted. The SEC Documents set forth a list of all of the Subsidiaries of the Company and the jurisdiction in which each
is incorporated. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to do business and is in good standing
in every jurisdiction in which its ownership or use of property or the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification
necessary except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Material Adverse
Effect means any material adverse effect on the business, operations, assets, financial condition or prospects of the Company
or its Subsidiaries, if any, taken as a whole, or on the transactions contemplated hereby or by the agreements or instruments to be entered
into in connection herewith. Subsidiaries means any corporation or other organization, whether incorporated or unincorporated,
in which the Company owns, directly or indirectly, any equity or other ownership interest.

b.
Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement,
the Note, and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and to issue the Securities, in accordance with the terms
hereof and thereof, (ii) the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Warrants, the Note, Conversion Shares, and the Exercise Shares
by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including without limitation, the issuance
of the Note, Warrants, as well as the issuance and reservation for issuance of the Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares issuable upon
conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrants) have been duly authorized by the Companys Board of Directors and no further
consent or authorization of the Company, its Board of Directors, its shareholders, or its debt holders is required, (iii) this Agreement,
Warrants, and the Note (together with any other instruments executed in connection herewith or therewith) have been duly executed and
delivered by the Company by its authorized representative, and such authorized representative is the true and official representative
with authority to sign this Agreement, the Note, the Warrants, and the other instruments documents executed in connection herewith or
therewith and bind the Company accordingly, and (iv) this Agreement constitutes, and upon execution and delivery by the Company of the
Note and Warrants, each of such instruments will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against
the Company in accordance with their terms.

c.
Capitalization; Governing Documents. As of January 16, 2025, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of: 2,000,000,000
authorized shares of Common Stock, of which 45,806,537 shares were issued and outstanding, and 20,000,000 authorized shares of preferred
stock, of which 877,774 shares of Series E convertible preferred stock were issued and outstanding. All of such outstanding shares of
capital stock of the Company, the Conversion Shares and the Exercise Shares are, or upon issuance will be, duly authorized, validly issued,
fully paid and non-assessable. No shares of capital stock of the Company are subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights
of the shareholders of the Company or any liens or encumbrances imposed through the actions or failure to act of the Company. As of the
effective date of this Agreement, other than as publicly announced prior to such date and reflected in the SEC Documents of the Company
(i) there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe for, puts, calls, rights of first refusal, agreements, understandings,
claims or other commitments or rights of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable
for any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or arrangements by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is or may become bound to issue additional shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) there are no agreements
or arrangements under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is obligated to register the sale of any of its or their securities
under the 1933 Act and (iii) there are no anti-dilution or price adjustment provisions contained in any security issued by the Company
(or in any agreement providing rights to security holders) that will be triggered by the issuance of any of the Securities. The Company
has furnished to the Buyer true and correct copies of the Companys Certificate of Incorporation as in effect on the date hereof
(Certificate of Incorporation), the Companys By-laws, as in effect on the date hereof (the By-laws),
and the terms of all securities convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock of the Company and the material rights of the holders
thereof in respect thereto.

d.
Issuance of Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares. The Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares are duly authorized and reserved
for issuance and, upon conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrants in accordance with its terms, will be validly issued, fully
paid and non-assessable, and free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject
to preemptive rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Company and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof.

4

e.
Issuance of Warrants. The issuance of the Warrants are duly authorized and will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable,
and free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights
or other similar rights of shareholders of the Company and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof.

f.
Acknowledgment of Dilution. The Company understands and acknowledges the potentially dilutive effect of the Conversion Shares
and Exercise Shares to the Common Stock upon the conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrants. The Company further acknowledges
that its obligation to issue, upon conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrants, the Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares,
are absolute and unconditional regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have on the ownership interests of other shareholders
of the Company.

g.
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Note by the Company and the consummation by the
Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance and reservation for issuance
of the Conversion Shares) will not (i) conflict with or result in a violation of any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or
By-laws, or (ii) violate or conflict with, or result in a breach of any provision of, or constitute a default (or an event which with
notice or lapse of time or both could become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or
cancellation of, any agreement, note, evidence of indebtedness, indenture, patent, patent license or instrument to which the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including
federal and state securities laws and regulations and regulations of any self-regulatory organizations to which the Company or its securities
is subject) applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is bound or affected (except for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations as would
not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect), or (iv) trigger any anti-dilution and/or ratchet provision contained
in any other contract in which the Company is a party thereto or any security issued by the Company. Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries is in violation of its Certificate of Incorporation, By-laws or other organizational documents and neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries is in default (and no event has occurred which with notice or lapse of time or both could put the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries in default) under, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has taken any action or failed to take
any action that would give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture
or instrument to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any property or assets of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries is bound or affected, except for possible defaults as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse
Effect. The businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries, if any, are not being conducted, and shall not be conducted so long as the
Buyer owns any of the Securities, in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental entity. Except as specifically
contemplated by this Agreement and as required under the 1933 Act and any applicable state securities laws, the Company is not required
to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court, governmental agency, regulatory
agency, self-regulatory organization or stock market or any third party in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations
under this Agreement and the Note in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof or to issue and sell the Note in accordance with the
terms hereof and, upon conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrants, issue Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares as applicable.
All consents, authorizations, orders, filings and registrations which the Company is required to obtain pursuant to the preceding sentence
have been obtained or effected on or prior to the date hereof. The Company is not in violation of the listing requirements of the Principal
Market (as defined herein) and does not reasonably anticipate that the Common Stock will be delisted by the Principal Market in the foreseeable
future. The Company and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing. The
Principal Market shall mean the principal securities exchange or trading market where such Common Stock is listed or traded,
including but not limited to any tier of the OTC Markets, any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market (including NASDAQ Capital Market), or the
NYSE American, or any successor to such markets.

h.
SEC Documents; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required
to be filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934
Act) (all of the foregoing filed prior to the date hereof and all exhibits included therein and financial statements and schedules
thereto and documents (other than exhibits to such documents) incorporated by reference therein, being hereinafter referred to herein
as the SEC Documents). As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements
of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, and none of the SEC
Documents, at the time they were filed with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading. None of the statements made in any such SEC Documents is, or has been, required to be amended or updated
under applicable law (except for such statements as have been amended or updated in subsequent filings prior the date hereof). As of
their respective dates, the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents complied as to form in all material respects
with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. Such financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, during the periods
involved and fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries
as of the dates thereof and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case
of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments). Except as set forth in the financial statements of the Company included
in the SEC Documents, the Company has no liabilities, contingent or otherwise, other than (i) liabilities incurred in the ordinary course
of business subsequent to September 30, 2024, and (ii) obligations under contracts and commitments incurred in the ordinary course of
business and not required under generally accepted accounting principles to be reflected in such financial statements, which, individually
or in the aggregate, are not material to the financial condition or operating results of the Company. The Company is subject to the reporting
requirements of the 1934 Act. The Company has never been a shell company as described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i).

5

i.
Absence of Certain Changes. Since September 30, 2024, there has been no material adverse change and no material adverse development
in the assets, liabilities, business, properties, operations, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or 1934 Act reporting
status of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

j.
Absence of Litigation. There is no action, suit, claim, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board,
government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, threatened
against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or their officers or directors in their capacity as such, that could have
a Material Adverse Effect. The SEC Documents contain a complete list and summary description of any pending or, to the knowledge of the
Company, threatened proceeding against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, without regard to whether it would have a
Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the
foregoing.

k.
Intellectual Property. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns or possesses the requisite licenses or rights to use all
patents, patent applications, patent rights, inventions, know-how, trade secrets, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks,
service names, trade names and copyrights (Intellectual Property) necessary to enable it to conduct its business as now
operated (and, as presently contemplated to be operated in the future); there is no claim or action by any person pertaining to, or proceeding
pending, or to the Companys knowledge threatened, which challenges the right of the Company or of a Subsidiary with respect to
any Intellectual Property necessary to enable it to conduct its business as now operated (and, as presently contemplated to be operated
in the future); to the best of the Companys knowledge, the Companys or its Subsidiaries current and intended products,
services and processes do not infringe on any Intellectual Property or other rights held by any person; and the Company has not received
notice of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have taken
reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of their Intellectual Property.

l.
No Materially Adverse Contracts, Etc. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any charter, corporate or
other legal restriction, or any judgment, decree, order, rule or regulation which in the judgment of the Companys officers has
or is expected in the future to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any contract
or agreement which in the judgment of the Companys officers has or is expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

m.
Tax Status. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has made or filed all federal, state and foreign income and all other tax
returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject (unless and only to the extent that the Company
and each of its Subsidiaries has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate for the payment of all unpaid and unreported taxes)
and has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such
returns, reports and declarations, except those being contested in good faith and has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate
for the payment of all taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no
unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company know
of no basis for any such claim. The Company has not executed a waiver with respect to the statute of limitations relating to the
assessment or collection of any foreign, federal, state or local tax. None of the Companys tax returns is presently being audited
by any taxingauthority.

6

n.
Transactions with Affiliates. Except for arms length transactions pursuant to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
makes payments in the ordinary course of business upon terms no less favorable than the Company or any of its Subsidiaries could obtain
from third parties and other than the grant of stock options or bonuses described in the SEC Documents, none of the officers, directors,
or employees of the Company is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than for services
as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services
to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director
or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any corporation, partnership, trust or other entity in which any officer, director,
or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee or partner.

o.
Disclosure. All information relating to or concerning the Company or any of its Subsidiaries set forth in this Agreement and provided
to the Buyer pursuant to Section 2(d) hereof and otherwise in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby is true and correct
in all material respects and the Company has not omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made herein
or therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. No event or circumstance has occurred or exists
with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or its or their business, properties, prospects, operations or financial conditions,
which, under applicable law, rule or regulation, requires public disclosure or announcement by the Company but which has not been so
publicly announced or disclosed (assuming for this purpose that the Companys reports filed under the 1934 Act are being incorporated
into an effective registration statement filed by the Company under the 1933 Act).

p.
Acknowledgment Regarding Buyers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Buyer is acting solely
in the capacity of arms length purchaser with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company
further acknowledges that the Buyer is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with
respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and any statement made by the Buyer or any of its respective representatives
or agents in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby is not advice or a recommendation and is merely
incidental to the Buyers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to the Buyer that the Companys decision
to enter into this Agreement has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the Company and its representatives.

q.
No Integrated Offering. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has directly
or indirectly made any offers or sales in any security or solicited any offers to buy any security under circumstances that would require
registration under the 1933 Act of the issuance of the Securities to the Buyer. The issuance of the Securities to the Buyer will not
be integrated with any other issuance of the Companys securities (past, current or future) for purposes of any shareholder approval
provisions applicable to the Company or its securities.

r.
No Brokers; No Solicitation. Except with respect to J. H. Darbie & Co., a registered broker-dealer (CRD#: 43520), the Company
has taken no action which would give rise to any claim by any person for brokerage commissions, transaction fees or similar payments
relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company represents and warrants that neither the Buyer nor its
employee(s), member(s), beneficial owner(s), or partner(s) solicited the Company to enter into this Agreement and consummate the transactions
described in this Agreement. The Company represents and warrants that neither the Buyer nor its employee(s), member(s), beneficial owner(s),
or partner(s) is required to be registered as a broker-dealer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 in order to (i) enter into or
consummate the transactions encompassed by this Agreement, the Note, and the related transaction documents entered into in connection
herewith (the Transaction Documents), (ii) fulfill the Investors obligations under the Transaction Documents, or
(iii) exercise any of the Buyers rights under the Transaction Documents (including but not limited to the sale of the Securities).

s.
Permits; Compliance. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is in possession of all franchises, grants, authorizations, licenses,
permits, easements, variances, exemptions, consents, certificates, approvals and orders necessary to own, lease and operate its properties
and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted (collectively, the Company Permits), and there is no action pending
or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened regarding suspension or cancellation of any of the Company Permits. Neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in conflict with, or in default or violation of, any of the Company Permits, except for any such
conflicts, defaults or violations which, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect. Since September 30, 2024, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notification with respect to possible
conflicts, defaults or violations of applicable laws, except for notices relating to possible conflicts, defaults or violations, which
conflicts, defaults or violations would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

7

t. Environmental
Matters.

(i)
There are, to the Companys knowledge, with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any predecessor of the Company,
no past or present violations of Environmental Laws (as defined below), releases of any material into the environment, actions, activities,
circumstances, conditions, events, incidents, or contractual obligations which may give rise to any common law environmental liability
or any liability under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 or similar federal, state, local
or foreign laws and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice with respect to any of the foregoing, nor
is any action pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened in connection with any of the foregoing. The term Environmental
Laws means all federal, state, local or foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including,
without limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including, without limitation, laws
relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances
or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing,
distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes,
decrees, demands or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations
issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder.

(ii)
Other than those that are or were stored, used or disposed of in compliance with applicable law, no Hazardous Materials are contained
on or about any real property currently owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and no Hazardous Materials were
released on or about any real property previously owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries during the period the
property was owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except in the normal course of the Companys or any
of its Subsidiaries business.

(iii)
There are no underground storage tanks on or under any real property owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
that are not in compliance with applicablelaw.

u.
Title to Property. The Company and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property and good
and marketable title to all personal property owned by them which is material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, in
each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and defects except such as are described in the SEC Documents, or such as would not
have a Material Adverse Effect. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and its Subsidiaries are held by them
under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions as would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

v.
Insurance. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such
losses and risks and in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses in which the
Company and its Subsidiaries are engaged. Neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able
to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may
be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Upon written request the Company will
provide to the Buyer true and correct copies of all policies relating to directors and officers liability coverage, errors
and omissions coverage, and commercial general liability coverage.

w.
Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient,
in the judgment of the Companys board of directors, to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance
with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is
permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets
is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.

8

x.
Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor any director, officer, agent, employee or other
person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary has, in the course of his actions for, or on behalf of, the Company, used any
corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity; made any
direct or indirect unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee from corporate funds; violated or is in
violation of any provision of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or made any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence
payment, kickback or other unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee.

y.
Solvency. The Company (after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Note) is solvent (i.e.,
its assets have a fair market value in excess of the amount required to pay its probable liabilities on its existing debts as they
become absolute and matured) and currently the Company has no information that would lead it to reasonably conclude that the Company
would not, after giving effect to the transaction contemplated by this Agreement, have the ability to, nor does it intend to take any
action that would impair its ability to, pay its debts from time to time incurred in connection therewith as such debts mature. The Companys
financial statements for its most recent fiscal year end and interim financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will
continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of
business.

z.
No Investment Company. The Company is not, and upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as contemplated by this Agreement
will not be an investment company required to be registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (an Investment
Company). The Company is not controlled by an Investment Company.

aa.
No Off Balance Sheet Arrangements. There is no transaction, arrangement, or other relationship between the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries and an unconsolidated or other off balance sheet entity that is required to be disclosed by the Company in its 1934 Act
filings and is not so disclosed or that otherwise could be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

bb.
No Disqualification Events. None of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer,
other officer of the Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding
voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the 1933
Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person) is subject to any
of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the 1933 Act (a Disqualification
Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to
determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event.

cc.
Manipulation of Price. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has: (i) taken, directly or indirectly,
any action designed to cause or to result, or that could reasonably be expected to cause or result, in the stabilization or manipulation
of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased,
or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any person any compensation
for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company.

dd.
Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956,
as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve).
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent (5%) or more of
the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity
that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates exercises
a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the
Federal Reserve.

ee.
Illegal or Unauthorized Payments; Political Contributions. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the Companys
knowledge, any of the officers, directors, employees, agents or other representatives of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
or any other business entity or enterprise with which the Company or any Subsidiary is or has been affiliated or associated, has, directly
or indirectly, made or authorized any payment, contribution or gift of money, property, or services, whether or not in contravention
of applicable law, (i) as a kickback or bribe to any person or (ii) to any political organization, or the holder of or any aspirant to
any elective or appointive public office except for personal political contributions not involving the direct or indirect use of funds
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

9

ff.
Breach of Representations and Warranties by the Company. The Company agrees that if the Company breaches any of the representations
or warranties set forth in this Section 3 and in addition to any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it
will be considered an Event of Default under Section 3.4 of the Note.

4. ADDITIONAL
COVENANTS, AGREEMENTS AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS.

a.
Best Efforts. The parties shall use their best efforts to satisfy timely each of the conditions described in Section 6 and 7 of
this Agreement.

b.
Form D; Blue Sky Laws. The Company agrees to file a Form D with respect to the Securities if required under Regulation D and to
provide a copy thereof to the Buyer promptly after such filing. The Company shall, on or before the Closing Date, take such action as
the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary to qualify the Securities for sale to the Buyer at the applicable closing pursuant
to this Agreement under applicable securities or blue sky laws of the states of the United States (or to obtain an exemption
from such qualification), and shall provide evidence of any such action so taken to the Buyer on or prior to the ClosingDate.

c.
Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the Purchase Price for the payment of $852,406.35 to Buyer for the payment in full
of that certain promissory note issued by the Company to Buyer on or around September 9, 2024, as amended, working capital, and business
development, and not for any other purpose, including but not limited to (i) the repayment of any indebtedness owed to officers, directors
or employees of the Company or their affiliates, (ii) the repayment of any debt issued in corporate finance transactions (including but
not limited to promissory notes that have the ability to be converted into Common Stock), (iii) any loan to or investment in any other
corporation, partnership, enterprise or other person (except in connection with the Companys currently existing operations), (iv)
any loan, credit, or advance to any officers, directors, employees, or affiliates of the Company, or (v) in violation or contravention
of any applicable law, rule or regulation.

d. Right
of Participation and First Refusal.

(i)
Other than arrangements that are in place or disclosed in SEC Documents prior to the date of this Agreement (including, without limitation,
the equity financing agreement entered into between the Company and GHS Investments, LLC, on or around September 1, 2021 (the Equity
Line)), from the date of this Agreement until the Note is extinguished in its entirety, the Company will not, (i) directly or
indirectly, offer, sell, grant any option to purchase, or otherwise dispose of (or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase
or other disposition of) any of its or its Subsidiaries debt, equity, or equity equivalent securities, including without limitation
any debt, preferred shares or other instrument or security that is, at any time during its life and/or under any circumstances, convertible
into, exchangeable, or exercisable for Common Stock (any such offer, sale, grant, disposition or announcement being referred to as a
Subsequent Placement) or (ii) enter into any definitive agreement with regard to the foregoing, in each case unless the
Company shall have first complied with this Section 4(d).

(ii)
The Company shall deliver to the Buyer an irrevocable written notice (the Offer Notice) of any proposed or intended Subsequent
Placement, which shall (w) identify and describe the Subsequent Placement, (x) describe the price and other terms upon which they are
to be issued, sold or exchanged, and the number or amount of the securities in the Subsequent Placement to be issued, sold, or exchanged
and (y) offer to issue and sell to or exchange with the Buyer at least one hundred percent (100%) of the securities in the Subsequent
Placement (in each case, an Offer).

(iii)
To accept an Offer, in whole or in part, the Buyer must deliver a written notice (the Notice of Acceptance) to the Company
prior to the end of the third (3rd) Trading Day (as defined in the Note) after the Buyers receipt of the Offer Notice
(the Offer Period), setting forth the amount that the Buyer elects to purchase (the Subscription Amount).
The Company shall complete the Subsequent Placement and issue and sell the Subscription Amount to the Buyer upon terms and conditions
(including, without limitation, unit prices and interest rates) set forth in the Offer Notice, unless a change to such terms and conditions
is agreed to in writing between the Company and Buyer.

10

(iv)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if the Company desires to modify or amend the terms or conditions of a Subsequent
Placement at any time after the Offer Notice is given to Buyer (provided, however, that such modification or amendment to the terms or
conditions cannot occur during any Offer Period), the Company shall deliver to the Buyer a new Offer Notice and the Offer Period of such
new Offer shall expire at the end of the third (3rd) Trading Day after the Buyers receipt of such new Offer Notice.

e.
Usury. To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever
claim, and will resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at
any time hereafter in force, in connection with any action or proceeding that may be brought by the Buyer in order to enforce any right
or remedy under this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby. Notwithstanding any provision
to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, it is expressly
agreed and provided that the total liability of the Company under this Agreement, the Note or any document, agreement or instrument contemplated
thereby for payments which under applicable law are in the nature of interest shall not exceed the maximum lawful rate authorized under
applicable law (the Maximum Rate), and, without limiting the foregoing, in no event shall any rate of interest or default
interest, or both of them, when aggregated with any other sums which under applicable law in the nature of interest that the Company
may be obligated to pay under this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby exceed such Maximum
Rate. It is agreed that if the maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law applicable to this Agreement, the Note and any document,
agreement or instrument contemplated thereby is increased or decreased by statute or any official governmental action subsequent to the
date hereof, the new maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law will be the Maximum Rate applicable to this Agreement, the Note
and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby from the effective date thereof forward, unless such application is precluded
by applicable law. If under any circumstances whatsoever, interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to the Buyer
with respect to indebtedness evidenced by this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, such
excess shall be applied by the Buyer to the unpaid principal balance of any such indebtedness or be refunded to the Company, the manner
of handling such excess to be at the Buyers election.

f.
Restriction on Activities. Commencing as of the date first above written, and until the earlier of payment of the Note in full
or full conversion of the Note, the Company shall not, directly or indirectly, without the Buyers prior written consent, which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld: (a) change the nature of its business; or (b) sell, divest, acquire, change the structure
of any material assets other than in the ordinary course of business.

g.
Listing. The Company will, so long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, maintain the listing and trading of its Common Stock
on the Principal Market or any equivalent replacement exchange or electronic quotation system (including but not limited to the Pink
Sheets electronic quotation system) and will comply in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations
under the bylaws or rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) and such exchanges, as applicable. The
Company shall promptly provide to the Buyer copies of any notices it receives from the Principal Market and any other exchanges or electronic
quotation systems on which the Common Stock is then traded regarding the continued eligibility of the Common Stock for listing on such
exchanges and quotation systems.

h.
Corporate Existence. The Company will, so long as the Buyer beneficially owns any of the Securities, maintain its corporate existence
and shall not sell all or substantially all of the Companys assets, except in the event of a merger or consolidation or sale of
all or substantially all of the Companys assets with the written consent of the Buyer, where the surviving or successor entity
in such transaction (i) assumes the Companys obligations hereunder and under the agreements and instruments entered into in connection
herewith and (ii) is a publicly traded corporation whose Common Stock is listed for trading or quotation on the Principal Market, any
tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market, the New York Stock Exchange or the NYSE American.

i.
No Integration. The Company shall not make any offers or sales of any security (other than the Securities) under circumstances
that would require registration of the Securities being offered or sold hereunder under the 1933 Act or cause the offering of the Securities
to be integrated with any other offering of securities by the Company for the purpose of any stockholder approval provision applicable
to the Company or its securities.

11

j.
Compliance with 1934 Act; Public Information Failures. For so long as the Buyer beneficially owns the Note, Warrants, Conversion
Shares, or any Exercise Shares, the Company shall comply with the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act; and the Company shall continue
to be subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act. During the period that the Buyer beneficially owns the Note, Warrants, Conversion
Shares, or any Exercise Shares, if the Company shall (i) fail for any reason to satisfy the requirements of Rule 144(c)(1), including,
without limitation, the failure to satisfy the current public information requirements under Rule 144(c) or (ii) if the Company has ever
been an issuer described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i) or becomes such an issuer in the future, and the Company shall fail to satisfy any condition
set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) (each, a Public Information Failure) then, as partial relief for the damages to the Buyer by
reason of any such delay in or reduction of its ability to sell the Securities (which remedy shall not be exclusive of any other remedies
available pursuant to this Agreement, the Note, or at law or in equity), the Company shall pay to the Buyer an amount in cash equal to
one percent (1%) of the Purchase Price on each of the day of a Public Information Failure and on every thirtieth day (pro rated for periods
totaling less than thirty days) thereafter until the date such Public Information Failure is cured. The payments to which a holder shall
be entitled pursuant to this Section 4(j) are referred to herein as Public Information Failure Payments. Public Information
Failure Payments shall be paid on the earlier of (i) the last day of the calendar month during which such Public Information Failure
Payments are incurred and (iii) the third business day after the event or failure giving rise to the Public Information Failure Payments
is cured. In the event the Company fails to make Public Information Failure Payments in a timely manner, such Public Information Failure
Payments shall bear interest at the rate of 5% per month (prorated for partial months) until paid in full.

k.
Acknowledgement Regarding Buyers Trading Activity. Until the Note is fully repaid or fully converted, the Buyer shall not
effect any short sale (as such term is defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO of the 1934 Act) of the Common Stock which
establishes a net short position with respect to the Common Stock.

l.
Legal Counsel Opinions. Upon the request of the Buyer from to time to time, the Company shall be responsible (at its cost) for
promptly supplying to the Companys transfer agent and the Buyer a customary legal opinion letter of its counsel (the Legal
Counsel Opinion) to the effect that the resale of the Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares by the Buyer or its affiliates,
successors and assigns is exempt from the registration requirements of the 1933 Act pursuant to Rule 144 (provided the requirements of
Rule 144 are satisfied and provided the Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares are not then registered under the 1933 Act for resale
pursuant to an effective registration statement) or other applicable exemption (provided the requirements of such other applicable exemption
are satisfied). In addition, the Buyer may (at the Companys cost) at any time secure its own legal counsel to issue the Legal
Counsel Opinion, and the Company will instruct its transfer agent to accept such opinion. The Company hereby agrees that it may never
take the position that it is a shell company in connection with its obligations under this Agreement or otherwise.

m.
Piggyback Registration Rights. The Company hereby grants the Buyer the piggy-back registration rights set forth on Exhibit
B hereto.

n.
Most Favored Nation. While the Note or any principal amount, interest or fees or expenses due thereunder remain outstanding and
unpaid, the Company shall not enter into any public or private offering of its securities (including securities convertible into shares
of Common Stock) with any individual or entity (an Other Investor) that has the effect of establishing rights or otherwise
benefiting such Other Investor in a manner more favorable in any material respect to such Other Investor (even if the Other Investor
does not receive the benefit of such more favorable term until a default occurs under such other security) than the rights and benefits
established in favor of the Buyer by this Agreement or the Note unless, in any such case, the Buyer has been provided with such rights
and benefits pursuant to a definitive written agreement or agreements between the Company and theBuyer.

o.
Subsequent Variable Rate Transactions. From the date hereof until such time as the Note is fully converted or fully repaid, the
Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate
Transaction means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into,
exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive, additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price,
exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices of or quotations for the shares
of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange
price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence
of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or
(ii) enters into any agreement, including, but not limited to, an Equity Line of Credit (as defined in the Note), whereby the Company
may issue securities at a future determined price. The Buyer shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude
any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.

12

p.
Shareholder Approval; Prohibition on Issuance. Shareholder Approval means the approval of the required holders of
the Companys outstanding voting Common Stock, to effectuate the transactions contemplated by the Agreement, including the issuance
of all of the Common Stock underlying the Note in excess of 19.99% of the issued and outstanding Common Stock on the Closing Date
(the Exchange Cap). The Exchange Cap is equal to 9,156,726 shares of Common Stock (subject to appropriate adjustment for
any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, rights offerings, reclassification or similar transaction that proportionately decreases
or increases the Common Stock). The Company shall not use the Exchange Cap for any purpose other than for the issuance of Common Stock
to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement and the Note. The Company shall hold a special meeting of shareholders on or before the date
that is sixty (60) calendar days after the first date (after the date of this Agreement) that the Common Stock has traded on the Principal
Market at a price per share of less than $0.50 (subject to appropriate adjustment for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination,
rights offerings, reclassification or similar transaction that proportionately decreases or increases the Common Stock) (the Threshold
Price), for the purpose of obtaining Shareholder Approval, with the recommendation of the Companys Board of Directors that
such proposal be approved, and the Company shall solicit proxies from its shareholders in connection therewith in the same manner as
all other management proposals in such proxy statement and all management-appointed proxyholders shall vote their proxies in favor of
such proposal. In addition, all members of the Companys Board of Directors and all of the Companys executive officers shall
vote in favor of such proposal, for purposes of obtaining the Shareholder Approval, with respect to all securities of the Company then
held by such persons. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain such Shareholder Approval. If the Company does
not obtain Shareholder Approval at the first meeting, the Company shall call a meeting as often as possible thereafter to seek Shareholder
Approval until the Shareholder Approval is obtained. Until such approval is obtained, the Buyer shall not be issued in the aggregate,
pursuant to the Agreement or upon conversion of the Note, shares of Common Stock in an amount greater than the Exchange Cap. In the event
that the Buyer shall sell or otherwise transfer any of such Buyers Note, the transferee shall be allocated a pro rata portion
of such Exchange Cap, and the restrictions of the prior sentence shall apply to such transferee with respect to the portion of the Exchange
Cap allocated to such transferee. Except with respect to the Securities, during the period beginning on the date of this Agreement and
continuing through the date that the Shareholder Approval is obtained, the Company shall not issue any (i) Common Stock at a price per
share or cost basis of less than the Threshold Price or (ii) Common Stock Equivalents (as defined in the Note) that are exercisable or
convertible into Common Stock at a price per share or cost basis of less than the Threshold Price.

q.
No Broker-Dealer Acknowledgement. Absent a final adjudication from a court of competent jurisdiction stating otherwise, the Company
shall not to any person, institution, governmental or other entity, state, claim, allege, or in any way assert, that Buyer is currently,
or ever has been, a broker-dealer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

r.
Subsequent Securities Sales. In addition to all other restrictions on the issuance of securities by the Company as provided in
this Agreement, from the date of this Agreement until 180 calendar days after the date of this Agreement, neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary shall issue, enter into any agreement to issue, or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock
or Common Stock Equivalents (as defined in the Note).

s.
Non-Public Information. The Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other person acting on its behalf will provide
the Buyer or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes constitutes, material non-public
information, unless prior thereto the Buyer shall have consented to the receipt of such information and agreed with the Company to keep
such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that the Buyer shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting
transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company delivers any material, non-public information to the Buyer
without such Buyers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Buyer shall not have any duty of confidentiality
to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or affiliates, not to trade
on the basis of, such material, non- public information, provided that the Buyer shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent
that any notice provided, information provided, or any other communications made by the Company, to the Buyer, constitutes or contains
material non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice or other
material information with the SEC pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. In addition to any other remedies provided by this
Agreement or the related transaction documents, if the Company provides any material non-public information to the Buyer without their
prior written consent, and it fails to immediately (no later than that business day) file a Form 8-K disclosing this material non-public
information, it shall pay the Buyer as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty a sum equal to $3,000 per day beginning with the
day the information is disclosed to the Buyer and ending and including the day the Form 8-K disclosing this information is filed.

13

t.
D&O Insurance. Within 60 calendar days of the Closing, the Company shall purchase, if available on commercially reasonable
terms, director and officer insurance on behalf of the Companys (including its subsidiary) officers and directors for a period
of 18 months after the Closing with respect to any losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs and expense in connection with any actual
or threatened claim or proceeding that is based on, or arises out of their status as a director or officer of the Company.

u.
Non-Public Information. The Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other person acting on its behalf will provide
the Buyer or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes constitutes, material non-public
information, unless prior thereto the Buyer shall have consented to the receipt of such information and agreed with the Company to keep
such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that the Buyer shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting
transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company delivers any material, non-public information to the Buyer
without such Buyers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Buyer shall not have any duty of confidentiality
to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or affiliates, not to trade
on the basis of, such material, non- public information, provided that the Buyer shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent
that any notice provided, information provided, or any other communications made by the Company, to the Buyer, constitutes or contains
material non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice or other
material information with the SEC pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. In addition to any other remedies provided by this Agreement
or the related transaction documents, if the Company provides any material non-public information to the Buyer without their prior written
consent, and it fails to immediately (no later than that business day) file a Form 8-K disclosing this material non-public information,
it shall pay the Buyer as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty a sum equal to $3,000 per day beginning with the day the information
is disclosed to the Buyer and ending and including the day the Form 8-K disclosing this information is filed.

v.
Breach of Covenants. The Company acknowledges and agrees that if the Company breaches any of the covenants set forth in this Section
4, in addition to any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered an Event of Default under
Section 3.3 of the Note.

5.
Transfer Agent Instructions. The Company shall issue irrevocable instructions to the Companys transfer agent to issue certificates
and/or issue shares electronically at the Buyers option, registered in the name of the Buyer or its nominee, upon conversion of
the Note and/or exercise of the Warrants, the Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares, in such amounts as specified from time to time by
the Buyer to the Company in accordance with the terms thereof (the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions). In the event
that the Company proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Company shall provide, prior to the effective date of such replacement,
a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered pursuant to this Agreement (including but not
limited to the provision to irrevocably reserved shares of Common Stock in the Reserved Amount (as defined in the Note)) signed by the
successor transfer agent to the Company and the Company. Prior to registration of the Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares under
the 1933 Act or the date on which the Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation
S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of Securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately
sold, all such certificates or book entry shares shall bear the restrictive legend specified in Section 2(g) of this Agreement. The Company
warrants that: (i) no instruction other than the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions referred to in this Section 5 will be given
by the Company to its transfer agent and that the Securities shall otherwise be freely transferable on the books and records of the Company
as and to the extent provided in this Agreement and the Note; (ii) it will not direct its transfer agent not to transfer or delay, impair,
and/or hinder its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing)(electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for Securities
to be issued to the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note and/or upon exercise of or otherwise pursuant to the Warrants
as and when required by the Note and this Agreement; (iii) it will not fail to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove or
impairs, delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions
in respect thereof) on any certificate for any Securities issued to the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note and/or
upon exercise of or otherwise pursuant to the Warrants as and when required by the Note, Warrants, and/or this Agreement and (iv)
it will provide any required corporate resolutions and issuance approvals to its transfer agent within 6 hours of each conversion of
the Note and/or exercise of the Warrants. Nothing in this Section shall affect in any way the Buyers obligations and agreement
set forth in Section 2(g) hereof to comply with all applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any, upon re-sale of the Securities.
If the Buyer provides the Company, at the cost of the Company, with (i) an opinion of counsel in form, substance and scope customary
for opinions in comparable transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Securities may be made without registration
under the 1933 Act and such sale or transfer is effected or (ii) the Buyer provides reasonable assurances that the Securities can be
sold pursuant to 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption, the Company shall permit the transfer, and, in the case
of the Securities, promptly instruct its transfer agent to issue one or more certificates, free from restrictive legend, in such name
and in such denominations as specified by the Buyer. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause
irreparable harm to the Buyer, by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transactions contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company
acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Section 5 may be inadequate and agrees, in the event of
a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Section, that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all
other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any breach and requiring immediate transfer, without the necessity of showing
economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.

14

6.
Conditions to the Companys Obligation to Sell. The obligation of the Company hereunder to issue and sell the Note to the
Buyer at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions thereto, provided
that these conditions are for the Companys sole benefit and may be waived by the Company at any time in its sole discretion:

a.
The Buyer shall have executed this Agreement, Security Agreement, and Voting Agreement, and delivered the same to the Company.

b.
The Buyer shall have delivered the Purchase Price in accordance with Section 1(b) above.

c.
The representations and warranties of the Buyer shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of
the Closing Date, as though made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date), and the Buyer
shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this
Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Buyer at or prior to the Closing Date.

d.
No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated
or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority
over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

7.
Conditions to The Buyers Obligation to Purchase. The obligation of the Buyer hereunder to purchase the Note, on the Closing
Date, is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions
are for the Buyers sole benefit and may be waived by the Buyer at any time in its sole discretion:

a.
The Company shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Buyer.

b.
The Company shall have delivered to the Buyer the duly executed Note in such denominations as the Buyer shall request and in accordance
with Section 1(b) above.

c.
The Company shall have delivered to the Buyer the Warrants.

d.
The Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, in form and substance satisfactory to the Buyer, shall have been delivered to and acknowledged
in writing by the Companys Transfer Agent.

e.
The representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as
of Closing Date, as though made at such time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date) and the Company
shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this
Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Closing Date.

15

f.
No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated
or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority
over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

g.
No event shall have occurred which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company including but not limited
to a change in the 1934 Act reporting status of the Company or the failure of the Company to be timely in its 1934 Act reporting obligations.

h.
Trading in the Common Stock on the Principal Market shall not have been suspended by the SEC, FINRA or the Principal Market.

i.
The Company shall have delivered to the Buyer (i) a certificate evidencing the formation and good standing of the Company and each of
its Subsidiaries in such entitys jurisdiction of formation issued by the Secretary of State (or comparable office) of such jurisdiction,
as of a date within ten (10) days of the Closing Date and (ii) resolutions adopted by the Companys Board of Directors at a duly
called meeting or by unanimous written consent authorizing this Agreement and all other documents, instruments and transactions contemplated
hereby.

j.
The Company shall have delivered to the Buyer a legal opinion from the Companys counsel covering the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents in a form acceptable to the Buyer.

k.
The Company shall have delivered to the Buyer the Voting Agreement duly executed by the Company and MGW.

l.
The Company shall have delivered to the Buyer the Security Agreement duly executed by the Company and its Subsidiaries.

8. Governing
Law; Miscellaneous.

a.
Arbitration of Claims; Governing Law; Venue. The Company and Buyer shall submit all Claims (as defined in Exhibit E of this Purchase
Agreement) (the Claims) arising under this Agreement or any other agreement between the Company and Buyer or their respective
affiliates (including but not limited to the Transaction Documents) or any Claim relating to the relationship of the Company and Buyer
or their respective affiliates to binding arbitration pursuant to the arbitration provisions set forth in Exhibit E of the Purchase Agreement
(the Arbitration Provisions). The Company and Buyer hereby acknowledge and agree that the Arbitration Provisions are unconditionally
binding on the Company and Buyer hereto and are severable from all other provisions of this Agreement. By executing this Agreement, Company
represents, warrants and covenants that Company has reviewed the Arbitration Provisions carefully, consulted with legal counsel about
such provisions (or waived its right to do so), understands that the Arbitration Provisions are intended to allow for the expeditious
and efficient resolution of any dispute hereunder, agrees to the terms and limitations set forth in the Arbitration Provisions, and that
Company will not take a position contrary to the foregoing representations. Company acknowledges and agrees that Buyer may rely upon
the foregoing representations and covenants of Company regarding the Arbitration Provisions. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced
in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and performance of this Agreement shall be
governed by, the internal laws of the State of Nevada, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule
(whether of the State of Nevada or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than
the State of Nevada. The Company and Buyer consent to and expressly agree that the exclusive venue for arbitration of any Claims arising
under this Agreement or any other agreement between the Company and Buyer or their respective affiliates (including but not limited to
the Transaction Documents) or any Claim relating to the relationship of the Company and Buyer or their respective affiliates shall be
in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Without modifying the Companys and Buyers mandatory obligations to resolve disputes
hereunder pursuant to the Arbitration Provisions, for any litigation arising in connection with any of the Transaction Documents (and
notwithstanding the terms (specifically including any governing law and venue terms) of any transfer agent services agreement or other
agreement between the Companys transfer agent and the Company, such litigation specifically includes, without limitation any action
between or involving Company and the Companys transfer agent under the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions or otherwise related
to Buyer in any way (specifically including, without limitation, any action where Company seeks to obtain an injunction, temporary restraining
order, or otherwise prohibit the Companys transfer agent from issuing shares of Common Stock to Buyer for any reason)),
each party hereto hereby (i) consents to and expressly submits to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of any state or federal court sitting
in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, (ii) expressly submits to the exclusive venue of any such court for the purposes hereof, (iii)
agrees to not bring any such action (specifically including, without limitation, any action where Company seeks to obtain an injunction,
temporary restraining order, or otherwise prohibit the Companys transfer agent from issuing shares of Common Stock to Buyer for
any reason) outside of any state or federal court sitting in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, and (iv) waives any claim of improper
venue and any claim or objection that such courts are an inconvenient forum or any other claim, defense or objection to the bringing
of any such proceeding in such jurisdiction or to any claim that such venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper. Notwithstanding
anything in the foregoing to the contrary, nothing herein shall limit, or shall be deemed or construed to limit, the ability of the Buyer
to realize on any collateral or any other security, or to enforce a judgment or other court ruling in favor of the Buyer, including through
a legal action in any court of competent jurisdiction. The Company hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action
or proceeding, any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder, any claim that it is not personally subject
to the jurisdiction of any such court, and any claim that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that
the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper (including but not limited to based upon forum non conveniens). THE
COMPANY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE
HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. The Company irrevocably
waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Agreement
or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby by mailing a copy thereof via registered or
certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to Company at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement
and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall
be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. The prevailing party in any action or
dispute brought in connection with this Agreement or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or
thereby shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorneys fees and costs. If any provision of this Agreement
shall be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability
of the remainder of this Agreement in that jurisdiction or the validity or enforceability of any provision of this Agreement in any other
jurisdiction.

16

b.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of
which shall constitute one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered
to the other party. A facsimile or .pdf signature shall be considered due execution and shall be binding upon the signatory thereto with
the same force and effect as if the signature were an original, not a facsimile or .pdf signature. Delivery of a counterpart signature
hereto by facsimile or email/.pdf transmission shall be deemed validly delivery thereof.

c.
Construction; Headings. This Agreement shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Buyer and shall not be construed
against any person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not form part
of, or affect the interpretation of, this Agreement.

d.
Severability. In the event that any provision of this Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement or instrument delivered in connection
herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to
the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision
which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this
Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby.

e.
Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement, the Note, and the instruments referenced herein contain the entire understanding
of the parties with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither
the Company nor the Buyer makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. No provision of this
Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby may be waived or amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by
the Buyer.

17

f.
Notices. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder
shall be in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or
certified, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv)
transmitted by hand delivery, telegram, e-mail or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall
have specified most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be
deemed effective (a) upon hand delivery or delivery by e-mail or facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting
facsimile machine, at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such
notice is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal
business hours where such notice is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier
service, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses
for such communications shall be:

If
to the Company, to:

CLEAN
ENERGY TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

1340
Reynolds Avenue, Unit 120

Irvine,
CA 92614 Attention: Kambiz Mahdi

e-mail:
kmahdi@cetyinc.com

If
to the Buyer:

MAST
HILL FUND, L.P.

150
Grossman Drive, Suite 205

Braintree,
MA 02184

e-mail:
admin@masthillfund.com

g.
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and
assigns. The Company shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the
Buyer. The Buyer may assign its rights hereunder to any accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a) of the 1933 Act)
in a private transaction from the Buyer or to any of its affiliates, as that term is defined under the 1934 Act, without
the consent of the Company.

h.
Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors
and assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other person.

i.
Survival. The representations and warranties of the Company and the agreements and covenants set forth in this Agreement shall
survive the closing hereunder notwithstanding any due diligence investigation conducted by or on behalf of the Buyer. The Company agrees
to indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer and all their officers, directors, employees and agents for loss or damage arising as a result
of or related to any breach or alleged breach by the Company of any of its representations, warranties and covenants set forth in this
Agreement or any of its covenants and obligations under this Agreement, including advancement of expenses as they are incurred.

j.
Publicity. The Company, and the Buyer shall have the right to review a reasonable period of time before issuance of any press
releases, SEC, Principal Market or FINRA filings, or any other public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby;
provided, however, that the Company shall be entitled, without the prior approval of the Buyer, to make any press release
or SEC, Principal Market (or other applicable trading market) or FINRA filings with respect to such transactions as is required by applicable
law and regulations (although the Buyer shall be consulted by the Company in connection with any such press release prior to its release
and shall be provided with a copy thereof and be given an opportunity to comment thereon).

k.
Further Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and
shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request
in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby.

18

l.
No Strict Construction. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express
their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party.

m.
Indemnification. In consideration of the Buyers execution and delivery of this Agreement and acquiring the Securities hereunder,
and in addition to all of the Companys other obligations under this Agreement or the Note, the Company shall defend, protect,
indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer and its stockholders, partners, members, officers, directors, employees and direct or indirect
investors and any of the foregoing persons agents or other representatives (including, without limitation, those retained in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) (collectively, the Indemnitees) from and against any and all actions,
causes of action, suits, claims, losses, costs, penalties, fees, liabilities and damages, and expenses in connection therewith (irrespective
of whether any such Indemnitee is a party to the action for which indemnification hereunder is sought), and including reasonable attorneys
fees and disbursements (the Indemnified Liabilities), incurred by any Indemnitee as a result of, or arising out of, or
relating to (a) any misrepresentation or breach of any representation or warranty made by the Company in this Agreement, the Note or
any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, (b) any breach of any covenant, agreement or
obligation of the Company contained in this Agreement, the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated
hereby or thereby or (c) any cause of action, suit or claim brought or made against such Indemnitee by a third party (including for these
purposes a derivative action brought on behalf of the Company) and arising out of or resulting from (i) the execution, delivery, performance
or enforcement of this Agreement, the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby,
(ii) any transaction financed or to be financed in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, with the proceeds of the issuance of the
Securities, or (iii) the status of the Buyer or holder of the Securities as an investor in the Company pursuant to the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement. To the extent that the foregoing undertaking by the Company may be unenforceable for any reason, the Company shall
make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities that is permissible under applicable
law.

n.
Remedies. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer by
vitiating the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law
for a breach of its obligations under this Agreement, the Note, the Warrants, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document
contemplated hereby or thereby will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions
of this Agreement, the Note, the Warrants, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby,
that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable
herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Agreement, the Note, the Warrants, or any
other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions
hereof and thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.

o.
Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the (i) Company makes a payment or payments to the Buyer hereunder, pursuant to the Note,
pursuant to the Warrants, or pursuant to any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, or
(ii) the Buyer enforces or exercises its rights hereunder, pursuant to the Note, pursuant to the Warrants, or pursuant to any other agreement,
certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement
or exercise or any part thereof (including but not limited to the sale of the Securities) are for any reason (i) subsequently invalidated,
declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, or disgorged by the Buyer, or (ii) are required to be refunded,
repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver, government entity, or any other person or entity under any law (including,
without limitation, any bankruptcy law, foreign, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then (i) to the extent
of any such restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force
and effect as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred and (ii) the Company shall immediately
pay to the Buyer a dollar amount equal to the amount that was for any reason (i) subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent
or preferential, set aside, recovered from, or disgorged by the Buyer, or (ii) required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored
to the Company, a trustee, receiver, government entity, or any other person or entity under any law (including, without limitation, any
bankruptcy law, foreign, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action).

p.
Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Buyer in the exercise of any power, right or privilege
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude
other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies of the Buyer existing hereunder
are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available.

q.
Electronic Signature. This Agreement may be executed and delivered in one or more counterparts (including by facsimile or electronic
mail or in .pdf or any other form of electronic delivery (including any electronic signature complying with U.S. federal ESIGN Act of
2000)) and by different parties in separate counterparts, with the same effect as if all parties hereto had signed the same document.
All counterparts so executed and delivered shall be construed together and shall constitute one and the same agreement.

[Signature
Page Follows]

19

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Buyer and the Company have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

CLEAN
ENERGY TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

By: /s/
Kambiz Mahdi 

Name: KAMBIZ
MAHDI 

Title: CHIEF
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

MAST
HILL FUND, L.P. 

By: /s/
Patrick Hassani 

Name: PATRICK
HASSANI 

Title: CHIEF
INVESTMENT OFFICER 

SUBSCRIPTION
AMOUNT:

Principal
Amount of Note: $1,637,833.33

Actual
Amount of Purchase Price of Note: $1,474,050.00

20

EXHIBIT
A

FORM
OF NOTE

[attached
hereto]

21

EXHIBIT
B

PIGGY-BACK
REGISTRATION RIGHTS

All
of the Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares shall be deemed Registrable Securities subject to the provisions of this Exhibit
B. All capitalized terms used but not defined in this Exhibit B shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Securities Purchase
Agreement to which this Exhibit is attached.

1. Piggy-Back
Registration.

1.1
Piggy-Back Rights. If at any time on or after the date of the Closing the Company proposes to file any Registration Statement
under the 1933 Act (a Registration Statement) with respect to any offering of equity securities, or securities or other
obligations exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into, equity securities, by the Company for its own account or for shareholders
of the Company for their account (or by the Company and by shareholders of the Company), other than a Registration Statement (i) filed
in connection with any employee stock option or other benefit plan on Form S-8, (ii) for a dividend reinvestment plan or (iii) in connection
with a merger or acquisition, then the Company shall (x) give written notice of such proposed filing to the holders of Registrable Securities
appearing on the books and records of the Company as such a holder as soon as practicable but in no event less than ten (10) days before
the anticipated filing date of the Registration Statement, which notice shall describe the amount and type of securities to be included
in such Registration Statement, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing underwriter or underwriters,
if any, of the offering, and (y) offer to the holders of Registrable Securities in such notice the opportunity to register the sale of
such number of Registrable Securities as such holders may request in writing within three (3) days following receipt of such notice (a
Piggy- Back Registration). The Company shall cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such registration and
shall cause the managing underwriter or underwriters of a proposed underwritten offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested
to be included in a Piggy-Back Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company and to permit the
sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof (with the
understanding that the Company shall file the initial prospectus covering the Buyers sale of the Registrable Securities at prevailing
market prices on the same date that the Registration Statement is declared effective by the SEC).

1.2
Withdrawal. Any holder of Registrable Securities may elect to withdraw such holders request for inclusion of Registrable
Securities in any Piggy-Back Registration by giving written notice to the Company of such request to withdraw prior to the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement. The Company (whether on its own determination or as the result of a withdrawal by persons making a demand
pursuant to written contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration
Statement. Notwithstanding any such withdrawal, the Company shall pay all expenses incurred by the holders of Registrable Securities
in connection with such Piggy-Back Registration as provided in Section 1.5 below.

1.3
The Company shall notify the holders of Registrable Securities at any time when a prospectus relating to such holders Registrable
Securities is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act, upon discovery that, or upon the happening of any event as a result of which,
the prospectus included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances
then existing. At the request of such holder, the Company shall also prepare, file and furnish to such holder a reasonable number of
copies of a supplement to or an amendment of such prospectus as may be necessary so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of
the Registrable Securities, such prospectus shall not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances then existing.
The holders of Registrable Securities shall not to offer or sell any Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement after
receipt of such notification until the receipt of such supplement or amendment.

1.4
The Company may request a holder of Registrable Securities to furnish the Company such information with respect to such holder and such
holders proposed distribution of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement as the Company may from
time to time reasonably request in writing or as shall be required by law or by the SEC in connection therewith, and such holders shall
furnish the Company with such information.

22

1.5
All fees and expenses incident to the performance of or compliance with this Exhibit B by the Company shall be borne by the Company whether
or not any Registrable Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses referred to in the foregoing sentence
shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of the
Companys counsel and independent registered public accountants) (A) with respect to filings made with the SEC, (B) with respect
to filings required to be made with any trading market on which the Common Stock is then listed for trading, (C) in compliance with applicable
state securities or Blue Sky laws reasonably agreed to by the Company in writing (including, without limitation, fees and disbursements
of counsel for the Company in connection with Blue Sky qualifications or exemptions of the Registrable Securities) and (D) with respect
to any filing that may be required to be made by any broker through which a holder of Registrable Securities intends to make sales of
Registrable Securities with the FINRA, (ii) printing expenses, (iii) messenger, telephone and delivery expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements
of counsel for the Company, (v) 1933 Act liability insurance, if the Company so desires such insurance, (vi) fees and expenses of all
other persons or entities retained by the Company in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Exhibit
B and (vii) reasonable fees and disbursements of a single special counsel for the holders of Registrable Securities (selected by holders
of the majority of the Registrable Securities requesting such registration). In addition, the Company shall be responsible for all of
its internal expenses incurred in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without
limitation, all salaries and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expense of any annual
audit and the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any securities exchange as required
hereunder. In no event shall the Company be responsible for any broker or similar commissions of any holder of Registrable Securities.

1.6
The Company and its successors and assigns shall indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer, each holder of Registrable Securities, the officers,
directors, members, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with a functionally equivalent role of a person
holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each of them, each individual or entity who controls
the Buyer or any such holder of Registrable Securities (within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act)
and the officers, directors, members, stockholders, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with a functionally
equivalent role of a person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each such controlling individual
or entity (each, an Indemnified Party), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all
losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses (collectively,
Losses), as incurred, arising out of or relating to (1) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact
contained in a Registration Statement, any related prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or
in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any such prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made) not misleading or (2) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act or
any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder, in connection with the performance of its obligations under this Exhibit
B, except to the extent, but only to the extent, that (i) such untrue statements or omissions are based upon information regarding the
Buyer or such holder of Registrable Securities furnished to the Company by such party for use therein. The Company shall notify the Buyer
and each holder of Registrable Securities promptly of the institution, threat or assertion of any proceeding arising from or in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Exhibit B of which the Company is aware.

1.7
If the indemnification under Section 1.6 is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party harmless
for any Losses, then the Company shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party, in such proportion as is appropriate
to reflect the relative fault of the Company and Indemnified Party in connection with the actions, statements or omissions that resulted
in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Company and Indemnified Party shall
be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of
a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has been taken or made by, or relates to information supplied by,
the Company or the Indemnified Party, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct
or prevent such action, statement or omission.

The amount paid or payable by
a party as a result of any Losses shall be deemed to include any reasonable attorneys or other fees or expenses incurred by such
party in connection with any proceeding to the extent such party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the indemnification
provided for in Section 1.6 was available to such party in accordance with its terms. It is agreed that it would not be just and equitable
if contribution pursuant to this Section 1.7 were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not
take into account the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately preceding sentence. Notwithstanding the provisions of this
Section 1.7, neither the Buyer nor any holder of Registrable Securities shall be required to contribute, in the aggregate, any amount
in excess of the amount by which the net proceeds actually received by such party from the sale of all of their Registrable Securities
pursuant to such Registration Statement or related prospectus exceeds the amount of any damages that such party has otherwise been required
to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission.

[End
of Exhibit B]

23

EXHIBIT
C

[attached
hereto]

24

EXHIBIT
D

[attached
hereto]

25

EXHIBIT
E

ARBITRATION
PROVISIONS

1.
Dispute Resolution. Each party consents to and expressly agrees that the exclusive venue for arbitration of any dispute arising
out of or relating to any of the Transaction Documents or the relationship of the parties or their affiliates shall be in the Commonwealth
of Massachusetts. For purposes of this Exhibit E, the term Claims means any disputes, claims, demands, causes
of action, requests for injunctive relief, requests for specific performance, questions regarding severability of any provisions of the
Transaction Documents, liabilities, damages, losses, or controversies whatsoever arising from, related to, or connected with the transactions
contemplated in the Transaction Documents and any communications between the parties related thereto, including without limitation any
claims of mutual mistake, mistake, fraud, misrepresentation, failure of formation, failure of consideration, promissory estoppel, unconscionability,
failure of condition precedent, rescission, and any statutory claims, tort claims, contract claims, or claims to void, invalidate or
terminate the Agreement (or these Arbitration Provisions (defined below)) or any of the other Transaction Documents. The term Claims
specifically excludes a dispute over the Warrant Calculations (as defined in the Warrants) and Note Calculations (as defined in the Note),
and the parties hereby acknowledge and agree that a dispute over any Warrant Calculations (as defined in the Warrants) or Note Calculations
(as defined in the Note) shall be resolved by the parties as expressly provided for in the Warrants and Note respectively. The parties
to this Agreement (the parties) hereby agree that the Claims may be arbitrated in one or more Arbitrations pursuant
to these Arbitration Provisions (one for an injunction or injunctions and a separate one for all other Claims). The parties hereby agree
that the arbitration provisions set forth in this Exhibit E (Arbitration Provisions) are binding on each
of them. As a result, any attempt to rescind the Agreement (or these Arbitration Provisions) or any other Transaction Document) or declare
the Agreement (or these Arbitration Provisions) or any other Transaction Document invalid or unenforceable pursuant to Section 29 of
the 1934 Act or for any other reason is subject to these Arbitration Provisions. These Arbitration Provisions shall also survive any
termination or expiration of the Agreement. Any capitalized term not defined in these Arbitration Provisions shall have the meaning set
forth in the Agreement.

2.
Arbitration. Except as otherwise provided herein, all Claims must be submitted to arbitration (Arbitration)
to be conducted exclusively in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and pursuant to the terms set forth in these Arbitration Provisions.
Subject to the arbitration appeal right provided for in Paragraph 5 below (the Appeal Right), the parties agree
that the award of the arbitrator rendered pursuant to Paragraph 4 below (the Arbitration Award) shall be (a) final
and binding upon the parties, (b) the sole and exclusive remedy between them regarding any Claims, counterclaims, issues, or accountings
presented or pleaded to the arbitrator, and (c) promptly payable in United States dollars free of any tax, deduction or offset (with
respect to monetary awards). Subject to the Appeal Right, any costs or fees, including without limitation attorneys fees, incurred
in connection with or incident to enforcing the Arbitration Award shall, to the maximum extent permitted by law, be charged against the
party resisting such enforcement. The Arbitration Award shall include Default Interest (as defined or otherwise provided for in the Note,
Default Interest) (with respect to monetary awards) at the rate specified in the Note for Default Interest both
before and after the Arbitration Award. Judgment upon the Arbitration Award will be entered and enforced by any state or federal court
sitting in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.

3.
The Arbitration Act. The parties hereby incorporate herein the provisions and procedures set forth in the Massachusetts Uniform
Arbitration Act, G.L. c. 251 (as amended or superseded from time to time, the Arbitration Act). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, pursuant to, and to the maximum extent permitted by, the Arbitration Act, in the event of conflict or variation between
the terms of these Arbitration Provisions and the provisions of the Arbitration Act, the terms of these Arbitration Provisions shall
control and the parties hereby waive or otherwise agree to vary the effect of all requirements of the Arbitration Act that may conflict
with or vary from these Arbitration Provisions.

4. Arbitration
Proceedings. Arbitration between the parties will be subject to the following:

4.1
Initiation of Arbitration. Pursuant to the Arbitration Act, the parties agree that a party may initiate Arbitration by giving
written notice to the other party (Arbitration Notice) in the same manner that notice is permitted under Section
8(f) of the Agreement; provided, however, that the Arbitration Notice may not be given by email or fax. Arbitration will be deemed
initiated as of the date that the Arbitration Notice is deemed physically delivered to such other party under Section 8(f) of the Agreement
(the Service Date). After the Service Date, information may be delivered, and notices may be given, by email or
fax pursuant to Section 8(f) of the Agreement or any other method permitted thereunder. The Arbitration Notice must describe the nature
of the controversy, the remedies sought, and the election to commence Arbitration proceedings. All Claims in the Arbitration Notice must
be pleaded consistent with the Massachusetts Rules of Civil Procedure.

26

4.2 Selection
and Payment of Arbitrator.

(a)
Within ten (10) calendar days after the Service Date, Buyer shall select and submit to Company the names of three (3) arbitrators that
are designated as neutrals or qualified arbitrators by the American Arbitration Association (AAA),
JAMS (https://www.jamsadr.com/) (JAMS), or other arbitration service provider agreed upon by the parties (such three
(3) designated persons hereunder are referred to herein as the Proposed Arbitrators). For the avoidance of doubt,
each Proposed Arbitrator must be qualified as a neutral with AAA, JAMS, or other arbitration service provider agreed upon
by the parties. Within five (5) calendar days after Buyer has submitted to Company the names of the Proposed Arbitrators, Company must
select, by written notice to Buyer, one (1) of the Proposed Arbitrators to act as the arbitrator for the parties under these Arbitration
Provisions. If Company fails to select one of the Proposed Arbitrators in writing within such 5-day period, then Buyer may select the
arbitrator from the Proposed Arbitrators by providing written notice of such selection to Company.

(b)
If Buyer fails to submit to Company the Proposed Arbitrators within ten (10) calendar days after the Service Date pursuant to
subparagraph (a) above, then Company may by written notice to Buyer at any time prior to Buyer so designating the Proposed
Arbitrators, identify the names of three (3) arbitrators that are designated as neutrals or qualified arbitrators by
AAA, JAMS, or other arbitration service provider agreed upon by the parties. Buyer may then, within five (5) calendar days
after Company has submitted notice of its Proposed Arbitrators to Buyer, select, by written notice to Company, one (1) of the
Proposed Arbitrators to act as the arbitrator for the parties under these Arbitration Provisions. If Buyer fails to select in
writing and within such 5-day period one (1) of the three (3) Proposed Arbitrators selected by Company, then Company may select the
arbitrator from its three (3) previously selected Proposed Arbitrators by providing written notice of such selection to Buyer.

(c)
If a Proposed Arbitrator chosen to serve as arbitrator declines or is otherwise unable to serve as arbitrator, then the party that selected
such Proposed Arbitrator may select one (1) of the other three (3) Proposed Arbitrators within three (3) calendar days of the date the
chosen Proposed Arbitrator declines or notifies the parties he or she is unable to serve as arbitrator. If all three (3) Proposed Arbitrators
decline or are otherwise unable to serve as arbitrator, then the arbitrator selection process shall begin again in accordance with this
Paragraph 4.2.

(d)
The date that the Proposed Arbitrator selected pursuant to this Paragraph 4.2 agrees in writing (including via email) delivered to both
parties to serve as the arbitrator hereunder is referred to herein as the Arbitration Commencement Date. If an arbitrator
resigns or is unable to act during the Arbitration, a replacement arbitrator shall be chosen in accordance with this Paragraph 4.2 to
continue the Arbitration. If each of AAA, JAMS, and other arbitration service provider previously agreed upon by the parties ceases to
exist or to provide a list of neutrals and there is no successor thereto, then additional arbitrators shall be selected by the parties.

(e)
Subject to Paragraph 4.10 below, the cost of the arbitrator must be paid equally by both parties. Subject to Paragraph 4.10 below, if
one party refuses or fails to pay its portion of the arbitrator fee, then the other party can advance such unpaid amount (subject to
the accrual of Default Interest thereupon), with such amount being added to or subtracted from, as applicable, the Arbitration Award.

4.3
Applicability of Certain Massachusetts Rules. The parties agree that the Arbitration shall be conducted generally in accordance
with the Massachusetts Rules of Civil Procedure and the Massachusetts Rules of Evidence. More specifically, the Massachusetts Rules of
Civil Procedure shall apply, without limitation, to the filing of any pleadings, motions or memoranda, the conducting of discovery, and
the taking of any depositions. The Massachusetts Rules of Evidence shall apply to any hearings, whether telephonic or in person, held
by the arbitrator. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is the parties intent that the incorporation of such rules will in no event
supersede these Arbitration Provisions. In the event of any conflict between the Massachusetts Rules of Civil Procedure or the Massachusetts
Rules of Evidence and these Arbitration Provisions, these Arbitration Provisions shall control.

4.4
Answer and Default. An answer and any counterclaims to the Arbitration Notice shall be required to be delivered to the party initiating
the Arbitration within twenty (20) calendar days after the Arbitration Commencement Date. If an answer is not delivered by the required
deadline, the arbitrator must provide written notice to the defaulting party stating that the arbitrator will enter a default award against
such party if such party does not file an answer within five (5) calendar days of receipt of such notice. If an answer is not filed within
the five (5) day extension period, the arbitrator must render a default award, consistent with the relief requested in the Arbitration
Notice, against a party that fails to submit an answer within such time period.

4.5 [Intentionally
Omitted].

4.6 Discovery.
The parties agree that discovery shall be conducted as follows:

(a)
Written discovery will only be allowed if the likely benefits of the proposed written discovery outweigh the burden or expense thereof,
and the written discovery sought is likely to reveal information that will satisfy a specific element of a claim or defense already pleaded
in the Arbitration. The party seeking written discovery shall always have the burden of showing that all of the standards and limitations
set forth in these Arbitration Provisions are satisfied. The scope of discovery in the Arbitration proceedings shall also be limited
as follows:

(i) To
facts directly connected with the transactions contemplated by the Agreement.

27

(ii)
To facts and information that cannot be obtained from another source or in another manner that is more convenient, less burdensome or
less expensive than in the manner requested.

(b)
No party shall be allowed (i) more than fifteen (15) interrogatories (including discrete subparts), (ii) more than fifteen (15) requests
for admission (including discrete subparts), (iii) more than ten (10) document requests (including discrete subparts), or (iv) more than
three (3) depositions (excluding expert depositions) for a maximum of seven (7) hours per deposition. The costs associated with depositions
will be borne by the party taking the deposition. The party defending the deposition will submit a notice to the party taking the deposition
of the estimated attorneys fees that such party expects to incur in connection with defending the deposition. If the party defending
the deposition fails to submit an estimate of attorneys fees within five (5) calendar days of its receipt of a deposition notice,
then such party shall be deemed to have waived its right to the estimated attorneys fees. The party taking the deposition must
pay the party defending the deposition the estimated attorneys fees prior to taking the deposition, unless such obligation is
deemed to be waived as set forth in the immediately preceding sentence. If the party taking the deposition believes that the estimated
attorneys fees are unreasonable, such party may submit the issue to the arbitrator for a decision.

(c)
All discovery requests (including document production requests included in deposition notices) must be submitted in writing to the
arbitrator and the other party. The party submitting the written discovery requests must include with such discovery requests a
detailed explanation of how the proposed discovery requests satisfy the requirements of these Arbitration Provisions and the
Massachusetts Rules of Civil Procedure. The receiving party will then be allowed, within five (5) calendar days of receiving the
proposed discovery requests, to submit to the arbitrator an estimate of the attorneys fees and costs associated with
responding to such written discovery requests and a written challenge to each applicable discovery request. After receipt of an
estimate of attorneys fees and costs and/or challenge(s) to one or more discovery requests, consistent with subparagraph (c)
above, the arbitrator will within three (3) calendar days make a finding as to the likely attorneys fees and costs associated
with responding to the discovery requests and issue an order that (i) requires the requesting party to prepay the attorneys
fees and costs associated with responding to the discovery requests, and (ii) requires the responding party to respond to the
discovery requests as limited by the arbitrator within twenty-five (25) calendar days of the arbitrators finding with
respect to such discovery requests. If a party entitled to submit an estimate of attorneys fees and costs and/or a challenge
to discovery requests fails to do so within such 5-day period, the arbitrator will make a finding that (A) there are no
attorneys fees or costs associated with responding to such discovery requests, and (B) the responding party must respond to
such discovery requests (as may be limited by the arbitrator) within twenty-five (25) calendar days of the arbitrators
finding with respect to such discovery requests. Any party submitting any written discovery requests, including without limitation
interrogatories, requests for production subpoenas to a party or a third party, or requests for admissions, must prepay the
estimated attorneys fees and costs, before the responding party has any obligation to produce or respond to the same, unless
such obligation is deemed waived as set forth above.

(d)
In order to allow a written discovery request, the arbitrator must find that the discovery request satisfies the standards set forth
in these Arbitration Provisions and the Massachusetts Rules of Civil Procedure. The arbitrator must strictly enforce these standards.
If a discovery request does not satisfy any of the standards set forth in these Arbitration Provisions or the Massachusetts Rules of
Civil Procedure, the arbitrator may modify such discovery request to satisfy the applicable standards, or strike such discovery request
in whole or in part.

(e)
Each party may submit expert reports (and rebuttals thereto), provided that such reports must be submitted within sixty (60) days of
the Arbitration Commencement Date. Each party will be allowed a maximum of two (2) experts. Expert reports must contain the following:
(i) a complete statement of all opinions the expert will offer at trial and the basis and reasons for them; (ii) the experts name
and qualifications, including a list of all the experts publications within the preceding ten (10) years, and a list of any other
cases in which the expert has testified at trial or in a deposition or prepared a report within the preceding ten (10) years; and (iii)
the compensation to be paid for the experts report and testimony. The parties are entitled to depose any other partys expert
witness one (1) time for no more than four (4) hours. An expert may not testify in a partys case-in-chief concerning any matter
not fairly disclosed in the expert report.

4.6
Dispositive Motions. Each party shall have the right to submit dispositive motions pursuant to the Massachusetts Rules of Civil
Procedure (a Dispositive Motion). The party submitting the Dispositive Motion may, but is not required to, deliver
to the arbitrator and to the other party a memorandum in support (the Memorandum in Support) of the Dispositive
Motion. Within seven (7) calendar days of delivery of the Memorandum in Support, the other party shall deliver to the arbitrator and
to the other party a memorandum in opposition to the Memorandum in Support (the Memorandum in Opposition). Within
seven (7) calendar days of delivery of the Memorandum in Opposition, as applicable, the party that submitted the Memorandum in Support
shall deliver to the arbitrator and to the other party a reply memorandum to the Memorandum in Opposition (Reply Memorandum).
If the applicable party shall fail to deliver the Memorandum in Opposition as required above, or if the other party fails to deliver
the Reply Memorandum as required above, then the applicable party shall lose its right to so deliver the same, and the Dispositive Motion
shall proceed regardless.

28

4.7
Confidentiality. All information disclosed by either party (or such partys agents) during the Arbitration process (including
without limitation information disclosed during the discovery process or any Appeal (defined below)) shall be considered confidential
in nature. Each party agrees not to disclose any confidential information received from the other party (or its agents) during the Arbitration
process (including without limitation during the discovery process or any Appeal) unless (a) prior to or after the time of disclosure
such information becomes public knowledge or part of the public domain, not as a result of any inaction or action of the receiving party
or its agents, (b) such information is required by a court order, subpoena or similar legal duress to be disclosed if such receiving
party has notified the other party thereof in writing and given it a reasonable opportunity to obtain a protective order from a court
of competent jurisdiction prior to disclosure, or (c) such information is disclosed to the receiving partys agents, representatives
and legal counsel on a need to know basis who each agree in writing not to disclose such information to any third party. The arbitrator
is hereby authorized and directed to issue a protective order to prevent the disclosure of privileged information and confidential information
upon the written request of either party.

4.8
Authorization; Timing; Scheduling Order. Subject to all other portions of these Arbitration Provisions, the parties hereby authorize
and direct the arbitrator to take such actions and make such rulings as may be necessary to carry out the parties intent for the
Arbitration proceedings to be efficient and expeditious. The parties hereby agree that an Arbitration Award must be made within one hundred
twenty (120) calendar days after the Arbitration Commencement Date. The arbitrator is hereby authorized and directed to hold a scheduling
conference within ten (10) calendar days after the Arbitration Commencement Date in order to establish a scheduling order with various
binding deadlines for discovery, expert testimony, and the submission of documents by the parties to enable the arbitrator to render
a decision prior to the end of such 120-day period.

4.9
Relief. The arbitrator shall have the right to award or include in the Arbitration Award (or in a preliminary ruling) any relief
which the arbitrator deems proper under the circumstances, including, without limitation, specific performance and injunctive relief,
provided that the arbitrator may not award exemplary or punitive damages.

4.10
Fees and Costs. As part of the Arbitration Award, the arbitrator is hereby directed to require the losing party (the party being
awarded the least amount of money by the arbitrator, which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be determined without regard to any statutory
fines, penalties, fees, or other charges awarded to any party) to (a) pay the full amount of any unpaid costs and fees of the Arbitration,
and (b) reimburse the prevailing party for all reasonable attorneys fees, arbitrator costs and fees, deposition costs, other discovery
costs, and other expenses, costs or fees paid or otherwise incurred by the prevailing party in connection with the Arbitration.

5. Arbitration
Appeal.

5.1
Initiation of Appeal. Following the entry of the Arbitration Award, either party (the Appellant) shall have
a period of thirty (30) calendar days in which to notify the other party (the Appellee), in writing, that the Appellant
elects to appeal (the Appeal) the Arbitration Award (such notice, an Appeal Notice) to a panel
of arbitrators as provided in Paragraph 5.2 below. The date the Appellant delivers an Appeal Notice to the Appellee is referred to herein
as the Appeal Date. The Appeal Notice must be delivered to the Appellee in accordance with the provisions of Paragraph
4.1 above with respect to delivery of an Arbitration Notice. In addition, together with delivery of the Appeal Notice to the Appellee,
the Appellant must also pay for (and provide proof of such payment to the Appellee together with delivery of the Appeal Notice) a bond
in the amount of 110% of the sum the Appellant owes to the Appellee as a result of the Arbitration Award the Appellant is appealing.
In the event an Appellant delivers an Appeal Notice to the Appellee (together with proof of payment of the applicable bond) in compliance
with the provisions of this Paragraph 5.1, the Appeal will occur as a matter of right and, except as specifically set forth herein, will
not be further conditioned. In the event a party does not deliver an Appeal Notice (along with proof of payment of the applicable bond)
to the other party within the deadline prescribed in this Paragraph 5.1, such party shall lose its right to appeal the Arbitration Award.
If no party delivers an Appeal Notice (along with proof of payment of the applicable bond) to the other party within the deadline described
in this Paragraph 5.1, the Arbitration Award shall be final. The parties acknowledge and agree that any Appeal shall be deemed part of
the parties agreement to arbitrate for purposes of these Arbitration Provisions and the Arbitration Act.

5.2
Selection and Payment of Appeal Panel. In the event an Appellant delivers an Appeal Notice to the Appellee (together with proof
of payment of the applicable bond) in compliance with the provisions of Paragraph 5.1 above, the Appeal will be heard by a three (3)
person arbitration panel (the Appeal Panel).

(a)
Within ten (10) calendar days after the Appeal Date, the Appellee shall select and submit to the Appellant the names of five (5)
arbitrators that are designated as neutrals or qualified arbitrators by AAA, JAMS (https://www.jamsadr.com/), or other
arbitration service provider agreed upon by the parties (such five (5) designated persons hereunder are referred to herein as the
Proposed Appeal Arbitrators). For the avoidance of doubt, each Proposed Appeal Arbitrator must be qualified as
a neutral with AAA, JAMS, or other arbitration service provider agreed upon by the parties, and shall not be the
arbitrator who rendered the Arbitration Award being appealed (the Original Arbitrator). Within five (5)
calendar days after the Appellee has submitted to the Appellant the names of the Proposed Appeal Arbitrators, the Appellant must
select, by written notice to the Appellee, three (3) of the Proposed Appeal Arbitrators to act as the members of the Appeal Panel.
If the Appellant fails to select three (3) of the Proposed Appeal Arbitrators in writing within such 5-day period, then the
Appellee may select such three (3) arbitrators from the Proposed Appeal Arbitrators by providing written notice of such selection to
the Appellant.

29

(b)
If the Appellee fails to submit to the Appellant the names of the Proposed Appeal Arbitrators within ten (10) calendar days
after the Appeal Date pursuant to subparagraph (a) above, then the Appellant may at any time prior to the Appellee so designating
the Proposed Appeal Arbitrators, identify the names of five (5) arbitrators that are designated as neutrals or
qualified arbitrators by AAA, JAMS, or other arbitration service provider agreed upon by the parties (none of whom may be the
Original Arbitrator) by written notice to the Appellee. The Appellee may then, within five (5) calendar days after the Appellant has
submitted notice of its selected arbitrators to the Appellee, select, by written notice to the Appellant, three (3) of such selected
arbitrators to serve on the Appeal Panel. If the Appellee fails to select in writing within such 5-day period three (3) of the
arbitrators selected by the Appellant to serve as the members of the Appeal Panel, then the Appellant may select the three (3)
members of the Appeal Panel from the Appellants list of five (5) arbitrators by providing written notice of such selection to
the Appellee.

(c)
If a selected Proposed Appeal Arbitrator declines or is otherwise unable to serve, then the party that selected such Proposed Appeal
Arbitrator may select one (1) of the other five (5) designated Proposed Appeal Arbitrators within three (3) calendar days of the date
a chosen Proposed Appeal Arbitrator declines or notifies the parties he or she is unable to serve as an arbitrator. If at least three
(3) of the five (5) designated Proposed Appeal Arbitrators decline or are otherwise unable to serve, then the Proposed Appeal Arbitrator
selection process shall begin again in accordance with this Paragraph 5.2; provided, however, that any Proposed Appeal Arbitrators
who have already agreed to serve shall remain on the Appeal Panel.

(d)
The date that all three (3) Proposed Appeal Arbitrators selected pursuant to this Paragraph 5.2 agree in writing (including via email)
delivered to both the Appellant and the Appellee to serve as members of the Appeal Panel hereunder is referred to herein as the Appeal
Commencement Date. No later than five (5) calendar days after the Appeal Commencement Date, the Appellee shall designate in
writing (including via email) to the Appellant and the Appeal Panel the name of one (1) of the three (3) members of the Appeal Panel
to serve as the lead arbitrator in the Appeal proceedings. Each member of the Appeal Panel shall be deemed an arbitrator for purposes
of these Arbitration Provisions and the Arbitration Act, provided that, in conducting the Appeal, the Appeal Panel may only act or make
determinations upon the approval or vote of no less than the majority vote of its members, as announced or communicated by the lead arbitrator
on the Appeal Panel. If an arbitrator on the Appeal Panel ceases or is unable to act during the Appeal proceedings, a replacement arbitrator
shall be chosen in accordance with Paragraph 5.2 above to continue the Appeal as a member of the Appeal Panel. If each of AAA, JAMS,
and other arbitration service provider previously agreed upon by the parties ceases to exist or to provide a list of neutrals and there
is no successor thereto, then additional arbitrators shall be selected by the parties.

(d)
Subject to Paragraph 5.7 below, the cost of the Appeal Panel must be paid entirely by the Appellant.

5.3
Appeal Procedure. The Appeal will be deemed an appeal of the entire Arbitration Award. In conducting the Appeal, the Appeal Panel
shall conduct a de novo review of all Claims described or otherwise set forth in the Arbitration Notice. Subject to the foregoing and
all other provisions of this Paragraph 5, the Appeal Panel shall conduct the Appeal in a manner the Appeal Panel considers appropriate
for a fair and expeditious disposition of the Appeal, may hold one or more hearings and permit oral argument, and may review all previous
evidence and discovery, together with all briefs, pleadings and other documents filed with the Original Arbitrator (as well as any documents
filed with the Appeal Panel pursuant to Paragraph 5.4(a) below). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in connection with the Appeal, the Appeal
Panel shall not permit the parties to conduct any additional discovery or raise any new Claims to be arbitrated, shall not permit new
witnesses or affidavits, and shall not base any of its findings or determinations on the Original Arbitrators findings or the
Arbitration Award.

5.4 Timing.

(a)
Within seven (7) calendar days of the Appeal Commencement Date, the Appellant (i) shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the
Appeal Panel copies of the Appeal Notice, all discovery conducted in connection with the Arbitration, and all briefs, pleadings and
other documents filed with the Original Arbitrator (which material Appellee shall have the right to review and supplement if
necessary), and (ii) may, but is not required to, deliver to the Appeal Panel and to the Appellee a Memorandum in Support of the
Appellants arguments concerning or position with respect to all Claims, counterclaims, issues, or accountings presented or
pleaded in the Arbitration. Within seven (7) calendar days of the Appellants delivery of the Memorandum in Support, as
applicable, the Appellee shall deliver to the Appeal Panel and to the Appellant a Memorandum in Opposition to the Memorandum in
Support. Within seven (7) calendar days of the Appellees delivery of the Memorandum in Opposition, as applicable, the
Appellant shall deliver to the Appeal Panel and to the Appellee a Reply Memorandum to the Memorandum in Opposition. If the Appellant
shall fail to substantially comply with the requirements of clause (i) of this subparagraph (a), the Appellant shall lose its right
to appeal the Arbitration Award, and the Arbitration Award shall be final. If the Appellee shall fail to deliver the Memorandum in
Opposition as required above, or if the Appellant shall fail to deliver the Reply Memorandum as required above, then the
Appellee or the Appellant, as the case may be, shall lose its right to so deliver the same, and the Appeal shall proceed
regardless.

30

(b)
Subject to subparagraph (a) above, the parties hereby agree that the Appeal must be heard by the Appeal Panel within thirty (30) calendar
days of the Appeal Commencement Date, and that the Appeal Panel must render its decision within thirty (30) calendar days after the Appeal
is heard (and in no event later than sixty (60) calendar days after the Appeal Commencement Date).

5.5
Appeal Panel Award. The Appeal Panel shall issue its decision (the Appeal Panel Award) through the lead arbitrator
on the Appeal Panel. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, the Appeal Panel Award shall (a) supersede in its entirety
and make of no further force or effect the Arbitration Award (provided that any protective orders issued by the Original Arbitrator shall
remain in full force and effect), (b) be final and binding upon the parties, with no further rights of appeal, (c) be the sole and exclusive
remedy between the parties regarding any Claims, counterclaims, issues, or accountings presented or pleaded in the Arbitration, and (d)
be promptly payable in United States dollars free of any tax, deduction or offset (with respect to monetary awards). Any costs or fees,
including without limitation attorneys fees, incurred in connection with or incident to enforcing the Appeal Panel Award shall,
to the maximum extent permitted by law, be charged against the party resisting such enforcement. The Appeal Panel Award shall include
Default Interest (with respect to monetary awards) at the rate specified in the Note for Default Interest both before and after the Arbitration
Award. Judgment upon the Appeal Panel Award will be entered and enforced by a state or federal court sitting in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.

5.6
Relief. The Appeal Panel shall have the right to award or include in the Appeal Panel Award any relief which the Appeal Panel
deems proper under the circumstances, including, without limitation, specific performance and injunctive relief, provided that the Appeal
Panel may not award exemplary or punitive damages.

5.7
Fees and Costs. As part of the Appeal Panel Award, the Appeal Panel is hereby directed to require the losing party (the party
being awarded the least amount of money by the arbitrator, which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be determined without regard to any
statutory fines, penalties, fees, or other charges awarded to any party) to (a) pay the full amount of any unpaid costs and fees of the
Arbitration and the Appeal Panel, and (b) reimburse the prevailing party (the party being awarded the most amount of money by the Appeal
Panel, which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be determined without regard to any statutory fines, penalties, fees, or other charges
awarded to any part) the reasonable attorneys fees, arbitrator and Appeal Panel costs and fees, deposition costs, other discovery
costs, and other expenses, costs or fees paid or otherwise incurred by the prevailing party in connection with the Arbitration (including
without limitation in connection with the Appeal).

6. Miscellaneous.

6.1
Severability. If any part of these Arbitration Provisions is found to violate or be illegal under applicable law, then such provision
shall be modified to the minimum extent necessary to make such provision enforceable under applicable law, and the remainder of the Arbitration
Provisions shall remain unaffected and in full force and effect.

6.2
Governing Law. These Arbitration Provisions shall be governed by the laws of the State of Nevada without regard to the conflict
of laws principles therein.

6.3
Interpretation. The headings of these Arbitration Provisions are for convenience of reference only and shall not form part of,
or affect the interpretation of, these Arbitration Provisions.

6.4
Waiver. No waiver of any provision of these Arbitration Provisions shall be effective unless it is in the form of a writing signed
by the party granting the waiver.

6.5
Time is of the Essence. Time is expressly made of the essence with respect to each and every provision of these Arbitration Provisions.

[Remainder
of page intentionally left blank]

31
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE
HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED
FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH MAY BE THE LEGAL COUNSEL OPINION (AS DEFINED IN THE PURCHASE AGREEMENT)),
IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A
OR REGULATION S UNDER SAID ACT OR OTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION
WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.

Principal Amount: $1,637,833.33 Issue Date: January 16, 2025

Actual Amount of Purchase Price: $1,474,050.00 

JUNIOR
SECURED PROMISSORY NOTE

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, CLEAN ENERGY TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Nevada corporation (hereinafter
called the Borrower or the Company) (Trading Symbol: CETY), hereby promises to pay to the order of MAST
HILL FUND, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, or registered assigns (the Holder), in the form of lawful money of
the United States of America, the principal sum of $1,637,833.33 (the Principal Amount) (subject to adjustment herein),
of which $1,474,050.00 is the actual amount of the purchase price hereof plus an original issue discount in the amount of $163,783.33
(the OID), and to pay interest on the unpaid Principal Amount hereof at the rate of ten percent (10%) (the Interest
Rate) per annum from the date hereof (the Issue Date) until the same becomes due and payable, whether at maturity
or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise, as further provided herein. The maturity date shall be twelve (12) months from the
Issue Date (the Maturity Date), and is the date upon which the Principal Amount (which includes the OID) and any accrued
and unpaid interest and other fees, shall be due and payable.

This
Note may not be prepaid or repaid in whole or in part except as otherwise explicitly set forth herein.

Any
Principal Amount or interest on this Note which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of the lesser of (i) sixteen percent
(16%) per annum and (ii) the maximum amount permitted by law from the due date thereof until the same is paid (Default Interest).
Interest and Default Interest shall be computed on the basis of a 365-day year and the actual number of days elapsed.

All
payments due hereunder (to the extent not converted into shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share, of the Borrower (the Common
Stock) in accordance with the terms hereof) shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America. All payments shall
be made at such address as the Holder shall hereafter give to the Borrower by written notice made in accordance with the provisions of
this Note. Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Note is due on any day which is not a business day, the same
shall instead be due on the next succeeding day which is a business day.

Each
capitalized term used herein, and not otherwise defined, shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in that certain Securities Purchase
Agreement, dated as of the Issue Date, pursuant to which this Note was originally issued (the Purchase Agreement). As used
in this Note, the term business day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which commercial banks
in the city of New York, New York are authorized or required by law or executive order to remain closed. As used herein, the term Trading
Day means any day that shares of Common Stock are listed for trading or quotation on the Principal Market (as defined in the Purchase
Agreement), provided, however, that if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted on any Principal Market, then any calendar day.

This
Note is free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive
rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Borrower and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof.

1

The
following terms shall also apply to this Note:

ARTICLE
I. CONVERSION RIGHTS

1.1
Conversion Right. The Holder shall have the right, on any calendar day, at any time on or following the Issue Date, to convert
all or any portion of the then outstanding and unpaid Principal Amount and interest (including any Default Interest) into fully paid
and non-assessable shares of Common Stock, as such Common Stock exists on the Issue Date, or any shares of capital stock or other securities
of the Borrower into which such Common Stock shall hereafter be changed or reclassified, at the Conversion Price (as defined below) determined
as provided herein (a Conversion); by submitting to the Borrower or Borrowers transfer agent a Notice of Conversion
(as defined in this Note) by facsimile, e-mail or other reasonable means of communication dispatched on the Conversion Date (as defined
in this Note) prior to 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time; provided, however, that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
herein, the Holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of this Note, pursuant to Section 1 or otherwise, to the extent that
after giving effect to such issuance after conversion as set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion, the Holder (together with
the Holders affiliates (the Affiliates), and any other Persons (as defined below) acting as a group together with
the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own in excess
of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock
beneficially owned by the Holder and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of this Note with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would
be issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, nonconverted portion of this Note beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates
or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company
subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any
of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 1.1, beneficial
ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act)
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Holder is solely responsible for any
schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall
be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of
this Section 1.1, in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case
may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent
setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of the Holder, the Company shall within
two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the
number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the
Company, including this Note, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the
Common Stock outstanding at the time of the respective calculation hereunder. Person and Persons means an
individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any
other entity and any governmental entity or any department or agency thereof. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply
to a successor holder of this Note. The number of Conversion Shares to be issued upon each conversion of this Note shall be determined
by dividing the Conversion Amount (as defined below) by the applicable Conversion Price then in effect on the date specified in the notice
of conversion, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Notice of Conversion), delivered to the Borrower or
Borrowers transfer agent by the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Note; provided that the Notice of Conversion is submitted
by facsimile or e-mail (or by other means resulting in, or reasonably expected to result in, notice) to the Borrower or Borrowers
transfer agent before 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time on such conversion date (the Conversion Date). The term Conversion
Amount means, with respect to any conversion of this Note, the sum of (1) the Principal Amount of this Note to be converted in
such conversion plus (2) at the Holders option, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on such Principal Amount at the Interest
Rate to the Conversion Date, plus (3) at the Holders option, Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in the
immediately preceding clauses (1) and/or (2). In addition to the beneficial ownership limitations provided in this Note, the sum of the
number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued under this Note shall be limited to the amount described in Section 4(r) of the Purchase
Agreement, unless the Shareholder Approval (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (Shareholder Approval) is obtained by
the Company.

2

1.2
Conversion Price.

(a)
Calculation of Conversion Price. The per share conversion price into which Principal Amount and interest (including any Default
Interest) under this Note shall be convertible into shares of Common Stock hereunder as further described in this Note shall equal the
lesser of (i) $2.50 or (ii) the Market Price (as defined in this Note), subject to adjustment as provided in this Note. Market
Price shall mean 90% of the lowest VWAP (as defined in this Note) on any Trading Day during the five (5) Trading Day period immediately
preceding the respective Conversion Date, in each case subject to adjustment as provided in this Note (the Conversion Price).
VWAP means, for any security as of any date, the dollar volume-weighted average price for such security on the Principal
Market during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Quotestream or
other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder. If at any time the Conversion Price as determined hereunder for any
conversion would be less than the par value of the Common Stock, then at the sole discretion of the Holder, the Conversion Price hereunder
may equal such par value for such conversion and the Conversion Amount for such conversion may be increased to include Additional Principal,
where Additional Principal means such additional amount to be added to the Conversion Amount to the extent necessary to
cause the number of conversion shares issuable upon such conversion to equal the same number of conversion shares as would have been
issued had the Conversion Price not been adjusted by the Holder to the par value price. Holder shall be entitled to deduct $1,750.00
from the conversion amount in each Notice of Conversion to cover Holders fees associated with each Notice of Conversion. All such
Conversion Price determinations are to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, rights offerings,
reclassification or similar transaction that proportionately decreases or increases the Common Stock. If the Company, at any time while
this Note is outstanding: (i) pays astock dividend or otherwise makes
a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock or any Common Stock Equivalents, (ii) subdivides
outstanding shares of Common Stock into a largernumber of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding
shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues, in the event of a reclassification of shares of the Common Stock,
any sharesof capital stock of the Company, then the Conversion Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be
the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Company) outstanding immediately before such event, and of
which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant
to the immediately preceding sentence shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of shareholders
entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision,
combination or re-classification. Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Companys Subsidiaries
(as defined in the Purchase Agreement) which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without
limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

(b)
Voluntary Adjustment By Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Principal Market, the Company may at any time while
this Note is outstanding, with the prior written consent of the Holder, reduce the then applicable Conversion Price to any amount and
for any period of time deemed appropriate by the Board of Directors of the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall not
be required to effectuate such conversion in the event of any reduction in Conversion Price by the Company.

1.3
Authorized and Reserved Shares. The Borrower covenants that at all times until the Note is satisfied in full, the Borrower will
reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares, free from preemptive rights, to provide for the
issuance of a number of Conversion Shares equal to the greater of: (a) 9,827,000 shares of Common Stock or (b) the sum of (i) the number
of Conversion Shares issuable upon the full conversion of this Note (assuming no payment of Principal Amount or interest) at the time
of such calculation (taking into consideration any adjustments to the Conversion Price as provided in this Note) multiplied by
(ii) three (3) (the Reserved Amount). The Borrower represents
that upon issuance, the Conversion Shares will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. The Borrower (i) acknowledges
that it has irrevocably instructed its transfer agent to issue certificates for the Conversion Shares or instructions to have the Conversion
Shares issued as contemplated by Section 1.4(f) hereof, and (ii) agrees that its issuance of this Note shall constitute full authority
to its officers and agents who are charged with the duty of executing stock certificates or cause the Company to electronically issue
shares of Common Stock to execute and issue the necessary certificates for the Conversion Shares or cause the Conversion Shares to be
issued as contemplated by Section 1.4(f) hereof in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Note.

3

If,
at any time, the Borrower does not maintain the Reserved Amount, it will be considered an Event of Default (as defined in this Note)
under this Note.

1.4
Method of Conversion.

(a)
[Intentionally Omitted].

(b)
Surrender of Note Upon Conversion. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of this Note in
accordance with the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Borrower unless the entire
unpaid Principal Amount is so converted. The Holder and the Borrower shall maintain records showing the Principal Amount so converted
and the dates of such conversions or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Borrower, so as not to
require physical surrender of this Note upon each such conversion. In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, such records of the Holder
shall, prima facie, be controlling and determinative in the absence of manifest error. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any portion
of this Note is converted as aforesaid, the Holder may not transfer this Note unless the Holder first physically surrenders this Note
to the Borrower, whereupon the Borrower will forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Note of like tenor, registered
as the Holder (upon payment by the Holder of any applicable transfer taxes) may request, representing in the aggregate the remaining
unpaid Principal Amount of this Note. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason
of the provisions of this paragraph, following conversion of a portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted Principal Amount of this
Note represented by this Note may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

(c)
Payment of Taxes. The Borrower shall not be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in
the issue and delivery of shares of Common Stock or other securities or property on conversion of this Note in a name other than that
of the Holder (or in street name), and the Borrower shall not be required to issue or deliver any such shares or other securities or
property unless and until the person or persons (other than the Holder or the custodian in whose street name such shares are to be held
for the Holders account) requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Borrower the amount of any such tax or shall have
established to the satisfaction of the Borrower that such tax has been paid.

(d)
Delivery of Common Stock Upon Conversion. Upon receipt by the Borrower or Borrowers transfer agent from the Holder of a
facsimile transmission or e-mail (or other reasonable means of communication) of a Notice of Conversion meeting the requirements for
conversion as provided in this Section 1.4, the Borrower shall issue and deliver or cause to be issued and delivered to or upon the order
of the Holder certificates for the Conversion Shares (or cause the electronic delivery of the Conversion Shares as contemplated by Section
1.4(f) hereof) within one (1) Trading Day after such receipt (the Deadline) (and, solely in the case of conversion of the
entire unpaid Principal Amount and interest (including any Default Interest) under this Note, surrender of this Note). If the Company
shall fail for any reason or for no reason to issue to the Holder on or prior to the Deadline a certificate for the number of Conversion
Shares or to which the Holder is entitled hereunder and register such Conversion Shares on the Companys share register or to credit
the Holders balance account with DTC (as defined below) for such number of Conversion Shares to which the Holder is entitled upon
the Holders conversion of this Note (a Conversion Failure), then, in addition to all other remedies available to
the Holder, (i) the Company shall pay in cash to the Holder on each day after the Deadline and during such Conversion Failure an amount
equal to 2.0% of the product of (A) the sum of the number of Conversion
Shares not issued to the Holder on or prior to the Deadline and to which the Holder is entitled and (B) the closing sale price of the
Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the last possible date which the Company could have issued such Conversion Shares
to the Holder without violating this Section 1.4(d); and (ii) the Holder, upon written notice to the Company, may void all or any portion
of such Notice of Conversion; provided that the voiding of all or any portion of a Notice of Conversion shall not affect the Companys
obligations to make any payments which have accrued prior to the date of such notice. In addition to the foregoing, if on or prior to
the Deadline the Company shall fail to issue and deliver a certificate to the Holder and register such Conversion Shares on the Companys
share register or credit the Holders balance account with DTC for the number of Conversion Shares to which the Holder is entitled
upon the Holders exercise hereunder or pursuant to the Companys obligation pursuant to clause (ii) below, and if on or
after such Trading Day the Holder purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction
of a sale by the Holder of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such exercise that the Holder anticipated receiving from the Company,
then the Company shall, within two (2) Trading Days after the Holders request and in the Holders discretion, either (i)
pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions and other reasonable
and customary out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased (the Buy-In Price), at which
point the Companys obligation to deliver such certificate (and to issue such Conversion Shares) or credit such Holders
balance account with DTC for such Conversion Shares shall terminate, or (ii) promptly honor its obligation to deliver to the Holder a
certificate or certificates representing such Conversion Shares or credit such Holders balance account with DTC and pay cash to
the Holder in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the Buy-In Price over the product of (A) such number of shares of Common Stock,
times (B) the closing sales price of the Common Stock on the date of exercise. Nothing shall limit the Holders
right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity, including, without limitation, a decree of specific
performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver certificates representing the Conversion
Shares (or to electronically deliver such Conversion Shares) upon the conversion of this Note as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

4

(e)
Obligation of Borrower to Deliver Common Stock. At the time that the Holder submits the Notice of Conversion to the Borrower or
Borrowers transfer agent, the Holder shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the Conversion Shares issuable upon such conversion,
the outstanding Principal Amount and the amount of accrued and unpaid interest (including any Default Interest) under this Note shall
be reduced to reflect such conversion, and, unless the Borrower defaults on its obligations under this Article I, all rights with respect
to the portion of this Note being so converted shall forthwith terminate except the right to receive the Common Stock or other securities,
cash or other assets, as herein provided, on such conversion. If the Holder shall have given a Notice of Conversion as provided herein,
the Borrowers obligation to issue and deliver the certificates for the Conversion Shares (or cause the electronic delivery of
the Conversion Shares as contemplated by Section 1.4(f) hereof) shall be absolute and unconditional, irrespective of the absence of any
action by the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision thereof, the recovery of any judgment against
any person or any action to enforce the same, any failure or delay in the enforcement of any other obligation of the Borrower to the
holder of record, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder of
any obligation to the Borrower, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Borrower
to the Holder in connection with such conversion. The Conversion Date specified in the Notice of Conversion shall be the Conversion Date
so long as the Notice of Conversion is sent to the Borrower or Borrowers transfer agent before 11:59 p.m., New York, New York
time, on such date.

(f)
Delivery of Conversion Shares by Electronic Transfer. In lieu of delivering physical certificates representing the Conversion
Shares issuable upon conversion hereof, provided the Borrower is participating in the Depository Trust Company (DTC) Fast
Automated Securities Transfer or Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian programs, upon request of the Holder and its compliance with the provisions
contained in Section 1.1 and in this Section 1.4, the Borrower shall use its best efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically
transmit the Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion hereof to the Holder by crediting the account of Holders Prime Broker
with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system.

1.5
Concerning the Shares. The Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of this Note may not be sold or transferred unless (i) such
shares are sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act or (ii) the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have
been furnished with an opinion of counsel (which opinion shall be the Legal Counsel Opinion (as defined in the Purchase Agreement)) to
the effect that the shares to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration or (iii)
such shares are sold or transferred pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption, or (iv) such shares
are transferred to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of the Borrower who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the shares
only in accordance with this Section 1.5 and who is an Accredited Investor (as defined in the Purchase Agreement). Except as otherwise
provided in the Purchase Agreement (and subject to the removal provisions set forth below), until such time as the Conversion Shares
have been registered under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption
without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, each certificate for
the Conversion Shares that has not been so included in an effective registration statement or that has not been sold pursuant to an effective
registration statement or an exemption that permits removal of the legend, shall bear a legend substantially in the following form, as
appropriate:

NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE EXERCISABLE
HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED
FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH MAY BE THE LEGAL COUNSEL OPINION (AS DEFINED IN THE PURCHASE AGREEMENT)),
IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD
PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A, REGULATION S UNDER SAID ACT, OR OTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES
MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.

5

The
legend set forth above shall be removed and the Company shall issue to the Holder a certificate for the applicable Conversion Shares
without such legend upon which it is stamped or (as requested by the Holder) issue the applicable Conversion Shares by electronic delivery
by crediting the account of such holders broker with DTC, if, unless otherwise required by applicable state securities laws: (a)
such Conversion Shares are registered for sale under an effective registration statement filed under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be
sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of securities
as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, or (b) the Company or the Holder provides the Legal Counsel Opinion (as contemplated
by and in accordance with Section 4(m) of the Purchase Agreement) to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Conversion Shares
may be made without registration under the 1933 Act, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected.
The Company shall be responsible for the fees of its transfer agent and all DTC fees associated with any such issuance. The Holder agrees
to sell all Conversion Shares, including those represented by a certificate(s) from which the legend has been removed, in compliance
with applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any. In the event that the Company does not accept the opinion of counsel provided
by the Holder with respect to the transfer of Conversion Shares pursuant to an exemption from registration, such as Rule 144, Rule 144A,
Regulation S, or other applicable exemption, at the Deadline, notwithstanding that the conditions of Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation
S, or other applicable exemption, as applicable, have been met, it will be considered an Event of Default under this Note.

1.6
Effect of Certain Events.

(a)
Effect of Merger, Consolidation, Etc. At the option of the Holder, the sale, conveyance or disposition of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Borrower, or the consolidation, merger or other business combination of the Borrower with or into any other
Person (as defined below) or Persons when the Borrower is not the survivor shall either: (i) be deemed to be an Event of Default pursuant
to which the Borrower shall be required to pay to the Holder upon the consummation of and as a condition to such transaction an amount
equal to the Default Amount (as defined in this Note) or (ii) be treated pursuant to Section 1.6(b) hereof. Person shall
mean any individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, trust or other entity or organization.

(b)
Adjustment Due to Merger, Consolidation, Etc. If, at any time when this Note is issued and outstanding and prior to conversion
of all of this Note, there shall be any merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization, or other similar
event, as a result of which shares of Common Stock of the Borrower shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares of
another class or classes of stock or securities of the Borrower or another entity, or in case of any sale or conveyance of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Borrower other than in connection with a plan of complete liquidation of the Borrower, then the Holder of this
Note shall thereafter have the right to receive upon conversion of this Note, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified
herein and in lieu of the shares of Common Stock immediately theretofore issuable upon conversion, such stock, securities or assets which
the Holder would have been entitled to receive in such transaction had this Note been converted in full immediately prior to such transaction
(without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein), and in any such case appropriate provisions shall be made with respect
to the rights and interests of the Holder of this Note to the end that the provisions hereof (including, without limitation, provisions
for adjustment of the Conversion Price and of the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Note) shall thereafter be applicable,
as nearly as may be practicable in relation to any securities or assets thereafter deliverable upon the conversion hereof. The Borrower
shall not effectuate any transaction described in this Section 1.6(b) unless (a) it first gives, to the extent practicable, at least
thirty (30) days prior written notice (but in any event at least fifteen (15) days prior written notice) of the record date of the special
meeting of shareholders to approve, or if there is no such record date, the consummation of, such merger, consolidation, exchange of
shares, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar event or sale of assets (during which time the Holder shall be entitled to
convert this Note) and (b) the resulting successor or acquiring entity (if not the Borrower) assumes by written instrument the obligations
of this Section 1.6(b). The above provisions shall similarly apply to successive consolidations, mergers, sales, transfers or share exchanges.

6

(c)
Adjustment Due to Distribution. If the Borrower shall declare or make any distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its
assets) to holders of Common Stock as a dividend, stock repurchase, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including any dividend
or distribution to the Borrowers shareholders in cash or shares (or rights to acquire shares) of capital stock of a subsidiary
(i.e., a spin-off)) (a Distribution), then the Holder of this Note shall be entitled, upon any conversion of this Note
after the date of record for determining shareholders entitled to such Distribution, to receive the amount of such assets which would
have been payable to the Holder with respect to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion had such Holder been the holder
of such shares of Common Stock on the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to such Distribution.

(d)
Purchase Rights. If, at any time when all or any portion of this Note is issued and outstanding, the Borrower issues any convertible
securities or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property (the Purchase Rights) pro rata to the record
holders of any class of Common Stock, then the Holder of this Note will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase
Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which such Holder could have acquired if such Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock
acquirable upon complete conversion of this Note (without regard to any limitations on conversion contained herein) immediately before
the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights or, if no such record is taken, the date
as of which the record holders of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights.

(e)
Dilutive Issuance. If the Borrower, at any time while this Note or any amounts due hereunder are outstanding, issues, sells or
grants any option to purchase, or sells or grants any right to reprice, or otherwise disposes of, or issues or announces any sale, grant
or any option to purchase or other disposition, any Common Stock or other securities convertible into, exercisable for, or otherwise
entitle any person or entity the right to acquire, shares of Common Stock (including, without limitation, any convertible notes or warrants
outstanding as of or following the Issue Date), in each or any case at an effective price per share that is lower than the then Conversion
Price (such lower price, the Base Conversion Price and such issuances, collectively, a Dilutive Issuance)
(it being agreed that if the holder of the Common Stock or other securities so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase
price adjustments, reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights
per share which are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per
share that is lower than the Conversion Price, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Conversion Price on such
date of the Dilutive Issuance), then the Conversion Price shall be reduced, at the option of the Holder, to a price equal to the Base
Conversion Price. Such adjustment shall be made whenever such Common Stock or other securities are issued. By way of example, and for
the avoidance of doubt, if the Company issues a convertible promissory note (including but not limited to a Variable Rate Transaction
(as defined in the Purchase Agreement)), and the holder of such convertible promissory note has the right to convert it into Common Stock
at an effective price per share that is lower than the then Conversion Price (including but not limited to a conversion price with a
discount that varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the Common Stock), then the Holder has the right to reduce the Conversion
Price to such Base Conversion Price (including but not limited to a conversion price with a discount that varies with the trading prices
of or quotations for the Common Stock) in perpetuity regardless of whether the holder of such convertible promissory note ever effectuated
a conversion at the Base Conversion Price. In the event of an issuance of securities involving multiple tranches or closings, any adjustment
pursuant to this Section 1.6(e) shall be calculated as if all such securities were issued at the initial closing. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary, the issuance of the Companys securities pursuant to an employee stock options plan authorized and approved by
the board of directors of the Company does not constitute a Dilutive Issuance for the purpose of this subsection 1.6(e).

(f)
Notice of Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price as a result of the events
described in Section 1.6 of this Note, the Borrower shall, at its expense and within one (1) calendar day after the occurrence of each
respective adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price, compute such adjustment or readjustment and prepare and furnish to the
Holder a certificate setting forth (i) the Conversion Price in effect at such time based upon the Dilutive Issuance, (ii) the number
of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other securities or property which at the time would be received upon conversion
of the Note, (iii) the detailed facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based, and (iv) copies of the documentation (including
but not limited to relevant transaction documents) that evidences the adjustment or readjustment. In addition, the Borrower shall, within
one (1) calendar day after each written request from the Holder, furnish to such Holder a like certificate setting forth (i) the Conversion
Price in effect at such time based upon the Dilutive Issuance, (ii) the
number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other securities or property which at the time would be received upon conversion
of the Note, (iii) the detailed facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based, and (iv) copies of the documentation (including
but not limited to relevant transaction documents) that evidences the adjustment or readjustment. For the avoidance of doubt, each adjustment
or readjustment of the Conversion Price as a result of the events described in Section 1.6 of this Note shall occur without any action
by the Holder and regardless of whether the Borrower complied with the notification provisions in Section 1.6 of this Note.

7

1.7
[Intentionally Omitted].

1.8
Status as Shareholder. Upon submission of a Notice of Conversion by the Holder, (i) the Conversion Shares covered thereby (other
than the Conversion Shares, if any, which cannot be issued because their issuance would exceed such Holders allocated portion
of the Reserved Amount or Maximum Share Amount) shall be deemed converted into shares of Common Stock and (ii) the Holders rights
as a Holder of such converted portion of this Note shall cease and terminate, excepting only the right to receive certificates for such
shares of Common Stock and to any remedies provided herein or otherwise available at law or in equity to such Holder because of a failure
by the Borrower to comply with the terms of this Note. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Holder has not received certificates for
all shares of Common Stock prior to the tenth (10th) business day after the expiration of the Deadline with respect to a conversion of
any portion of this Note for any reason, then (unless the Holder otherwise elects to retain its status as a holder of Common Stock by
so notifying the Borrower) the Holder shall regain the rights of a Holder of this Note with respect to such unconverted portions of this
Note and the Borrower shall, as soon as practicable, return such unconverted Note to the Holder or, if the Note has not been surrendered,
adjust its records to reflect that such portion of this Note has not been converted. In all cases, the Holder shall retain all of its
rights and remedies for the Borrowers failure to convert this Note.

1.9 Prepayment.
At any time prior to the date that an Event of Default occurs under this Note, the Borrower shall have the right, exercisable on
fifteen (15) Trading Days prior written notice to the Holder of the Note, to prepay in whole or in part the outstanding Principal
Amount and interest then due under this Note in accordance with this Section 1.9. Any notice of prepayment hereunder (an
Optional Prepayment Notice) shall be delivered to the Holder of the Note at its registered addresses or by email and
shall state: (1) that the Borrower is exercising its right to prepay the Note, (2) the amount of Principal Amount and interest then
due that the Borrower is prepaying; and (3) the date of prepayment which shall be fifteen (15) Trading Days from the date of the
Optional Prepayment Notice (the Optional Prepayment Date). The Holder shall have the right, during the period
beginning on the date of Holders receipt of the Optional Prepayment Notice and until the Holders actual receipt of the
full prepayment amount on the Optional Prepayment Date, to instead convert all or any portion of the Note pursuant to the terms of
this Note, including the amount of this Note to be prepaid by the Borrower in accordance with this Section 1.9. On the Optional
Prepayment Date, the Borrower shall make payment of the amounts designated below to or upon the order of the Holder as specified by
the Holder in writing to the Borrower. If the Borrower exercises its right to prepay the Note in accordance with this Section 1.9,
the Borrower shall make payment to the Holder of an amount in cash equal to the sum of: (w) 100% multiplied by the Principal Amount
to be prepaid pursuant to the Optional Prepayment Notice plus (x)
accrued and unpaid interest on the Principal Amount to the Optional Prepayment Date plus (y) $750.00 to reimburse Holder for
administrative fees.

If
the Borrower delivers an Optional Prepayment Notice and fails to pay the applicable prepayment amount due to the Holder of the Note as
provided in this Section 1.9 on two (2) separate occasions, then the Borrower shall forever forfeit its right to prepay any part of the
Note pursuant to this Section 1.9.

1.10
Repayment from Proceeds. If, at any time prior to the full repayment or full conversion of all amounts owed under this Note, the
Company and the Companys Majority-Owned Subsidiaries (defined below) have collectively received cash proceeds of more than $1,000,000.00
(the Minimum Threshold) in the aggregate (for the avoidance of doubt, each time that the Company or any of the Companys
Majority-Owned Subsidiaries receives cash proceeds on or after the Issue Date (except with respect to this Note), such amount shall be
aggregated together for purposes of calculating the Minimum Threshold) from any source or series of related or unrelated sources, including
but not limited to the issuance of equity or debt, the incurrence of Indebtedness (as defined in this Note), a merchant cash advance,
sale of receivables or similar transaction, the conversion of outstanding warrants of the Company or any of the Companys Majority-Owned
Subsidiaries, the issuance of securities pursuant to an Equity Line of Credit (as defined in this Note) of the Company, or the sale of
assets by the Company or any of the Companys Majority- Owned Subsidiaries, the Company shall, within one (1) business day of Companys
or the Majority-Owned Subsidiaries receipt of such proceeds, inform the Holder of or publicly disclose such receipt, following
which the Holder shall have the right in its sole discretion to require the Company or the Majority-Owned Subsidiaries to immediately
apply up to 50% of such proceeds to repay all or any portion of the outstanding Principal Amount and interest (including any Default
Interest) then due under this Note, provided, however, that the Holder may, in Holders sole
discretion, waive such repayment requirement in writing. Failure of the Company to comply with this provision shall constitute an Event
of Default. Equity Line of Credit shall mean any transaction involving a written agreement between the Company and an investor
or underwriter whereby the Company has the right to put its Common Stock to the investor or underwriter over an agreed
period of time and at an agreed price or price formula (such Common Stock must be registered pursuant to a registration statement of
the Company for the investors or underwriters resale). Majority-Owned Subsidiaries refer to the Companys
Subsidiaries in which the Company owns a 50 per centum or more of the outstanding voting securities, excluding the Companys subsidiaries
incorporated or registered in the Peoples Republic of China (the PRC Subsidiaries). Notwithstanding anything in
this Section 1.10 of this Note to the contrary, if any cash proceeds are received by any Subsidiaries or PRC Subsidiaries pursuant to
an agreement or contract to which the Company is a party to, then such proceeds shall be deemed to be received by the Company. Notwithstanding
anything in this Section 1.10 of this Note to the contrary, this Section 1.10 of this Note shall not apply to the Companys or
the Majority-Owned Subsidiaries receipt of proceeds pursuant to accounts receivable or payments from customers.

8

ARTICLE
II. RANKING AND CERTAIN COVENANTS

2.1
Ranking and Security. This Note shall be a junior secured obligation of the Borrower, with priority over all existing and future
indebtedness of the Borrower, as provided in this Note and that certain security agreement entered into between the Borrower and the
Holder on the Issue Date (the Security Agreement), except that such security interest shall be subject to the consent to
security interest agreement entered into on or around Issue Date by and between Borrower, Holder, and Nations Interbanc (the Consent
Agreement).

2.2
Other Indebtedness. In addition to all obligations under the Security Agreement, and so long as the Borrower shall have any obligation
under this Note, neither the Borrower nor any of the Borrowers Subsidiaries shall (directly or indirectly) incur or suffer to
exist or guarantee any Indebtedness that is (i) secured by the assets of the Borrower or any of the Borrowers Subsidiaries except
with respect to the Senior Creditor Obligations (as defined in the Consent Agreement) (the Senior Creditor Obligations)
or pursuant to the Security Agreement or (ii) senior to or pari passu with (in priority of payment and performance) the Borrowers
obligations hereunder except with respect to the Senior Creditor Obligations. Indebtedness shall mean all indebtedness,
including but not limited to (a) all indebtedness of the Borrower or Subsidiaries for the deferred purchase price of property or services,
including any type of letters of credit, (b) all liabilities, obligations and indebtedness for borrowed money including, but not limited
to, all obligations of the Borrower or Subsidiaries evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or other similar instruments, (c)
purchase money indebtedness hereafter incurred by the Borrower or Subsidiaries to finance the purchase of fixed or capital assets, including
all capital lease obligations of the Borrower which do not exceed the purchase price of the assets funded, (d) all guaranties, endorsements
and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of Borrower, Subsidiaries or others, whether or not the same are or should
be reflected in the Borrowers or Subsidiaries consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), (e) all guarantee obligations
of the Borrower or Subsidiaries in respect of obligations of the kind referred to in clauses (a) through (d) above that the Borrower
or Subsidiaries would not be permitted to incur or enter into, and (f) all obligations of the kind referred to in clauses (a) through
(e) above that the Borrower or Subsidiaries is not permitted to incur or enter into that are secured and/or unsecured by (or for which
the holder of such obligation has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured and/or unsecured by) any lien or encumbrance
on property (including accounts and contract rights) owned by the Borrower or Subsidiaries, whether or not the Borrower or Subsidiaries
has assumed or become liable for the payment of such obligation.

2.3
Distributions on Capital Stock. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not without
the Holders written consent (a) pay, declare or set apart for such payment, any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash,
property or other securities) on shares of capital stock other than dividends on shares of Common Stock solely in the form of additional
shares of Common Stock or (b) directly or indirectly or through any subsidiary make any other payment or distribution in respect of its
capital stock except for distributions pursuant to any shareholders rights plan which is approved by a majority of the Borrowers
disinterested directors.

2.4
Restriction on Stock Repurchases and Debt Repayments. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower
shall not without the Holders written consent redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire (whether for cash or in exchange for property
or other securities or otherwise) in any one transaction or series of related transactions any shares of capital stock of the Borrower
or any warrants, rights or options to purchase or acquire any such shares, or repay any pari passu or subordinated indebtedness of Borrower.

2.5
Sale of Assets. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, neither the Borrower nor any of the Borrowers
Majority-Owned Subsidiaries shall, without the Holders written consent, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any significant portion
of its assets outside the ordinary course of business. Any consent by the Holder to the disposition of any assets may be conditioned
on a specified use of the proceeds of disposition.

9

2.6
Advances and Loans; Affiliate Transactions. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall
not, without the Holders written consent, lend money, give credit, make advances to any officers, directors, or employees of the
Borrower, except loans, credits or advances (a) in existence or committed on the Issue Date and which the Borrower has informed Holder
in writing prior to the Issue Date, (b) in regard to transactions with subsidiaries, joint ventures or unaffiliated third parties, made
in the ordinary course of business or (c) in regard to transactions with
unaffiliated third parties, not in excess of $200,000 (for the avoidance of doubt, an unaffiliated third party for purposes of this clause
shall not include any entity that the Borrower owns 49% or more of the total equity interest in). So long as the Borrower shall have
any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holders written consent, repay any affiliate (as defined in
Rule 144) of the Borrower in connection with any indebtedness or accrued amounts owed to any such party.

2.7
3(a)(10) Transaction. So long as this Note is outstanding, the Borrower shall not enter into any transaction or arrangement structured
in accordance with, based upon, or related or pursuant to, in whole or in part, Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act (a 3(a)(10)
Transaction). In the event that the Borrower does enter into, or makes any issuance of Common Stock related to a 3(a)(10) Transaction
while this note is outstanding, a liquidated damages charge of 25% of the outstanding principal balance of this Note, but not less than
$25,000, will be assessed and will become immediately due and payable to the Holder at its election in the form of a cash payment or
added to the balance of this Note (under Holders and Borrowers expectation that this amount will tack back to the Issue
Date).

2.8
Preservation of Business and Existence, etc. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall
not, without the Holders written consent, (a) change the nature of its business; (b) sell, divest, change the structure of any
material assets other than in the ordinary course of business; (c) enter into a Variable Rate Transaction; or (d) enter into any merchant
cash advance transactions or sale of receivables. In addition, so long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the
Borrower shall maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, its existence, rights and privileges,
and become or remain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries (other than dormant Subsidiaries that have no or minimum assets) to become or
remain, duly qualified and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned or leased by it or in
which the transaction of its business makes such qualification necessary.

2.9
Noncircumvention. The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its Certificate or Articles
of Incorporation or Bylaws, or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution,
issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms
of this Note, and will at all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Note and take all action as may be required to
protect the rights of the Holder.

2.10
Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Note. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft,
destruction or mutilation of this Note, and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder
to the Company in customary form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Note, the Company shall execute
and deliver to the Holder a new Note.

ARTICLE
III. EVENTS OF DEFAULT

It
shall be considered an event of default if any of the following events listed in this Article III (each, an Event of Default)
shall occur on or after the Issue Date:

3.1
Failure to Pay Principal or Interest. The Borrower fails to pay the Principal Amount hereof or interest thereon when due on this
Note, whether at maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, or fails to fully comply with Section 1.10 of this Note.

10

3.2
Conversion and the Shares. The Borrower (i) fails to issue Conversion Shares to the Holder (or announces or threatens in writing
that it will not honor its obligation to do so) upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights of the Holder in accordance with
the terms of this Note, (ii) fails to transfer or cause its transfer agent to transfer (issue) (electronically or in certificated form)
any certificate for the Conversion Shares issuable to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required
by this Note, (iii) fails to reserve the Reserved Amount at all times, (iv) the Borrower directs its transfer agent not to transfer or
delays, impairs, and/or hinders its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing) (electronically or in certificated form) any certificate
for the Conversion Shares issuable to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note,
or fails to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove or impairs, delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent from removing)
any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on any certificate for any Conversion Shares
issued to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note (or makes any written announcement,
statement or threat that it does not intend to honor the obligations described in this paragraph) and any such failure shall continue
uncured (or any written announcement, statement or threat not to honor its obligations shall not be rescinded in writing) for three (3)
Trading Days after the Holder shall have delivered a Notice of Conversion, and/or (v) fails to remain current in its obligations to its
transfer agent (including but not limited to payment obligations to its transfer agent). It shall be an Event of Default of this Note,
if a conversion of this Note is delayed, hindered or frustrated due to a balance owed by the Borrower to its transfer agent. If at the
option of the Holder, the Holder advances any funds to the Borrowers transfer agent in order to process a conversion, such advanced
funds shall be added to the principal balance of the Note.

3.3
Breach of Agreements and Covenants. The Borrower breaches any covenant, agreement, or other term or condition contained in the
Purchase Agreement, Voting Agreement (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (the Voting Agreement), Security Agreement
(as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (the Security Agreement), this Note, Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, Warrants
(as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (the Warrants), or in any agreement, statement or certificate given in writing pursuant
hereto or in connection herewith or therewith.

3.4
Breach of Representations and Warranties. Any representation or warranty of the Borrower made in the Purchase Agreement, Voting
Agreement, Security Agreement, this Note, Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, Warrants, or in any agreement, statement or certificate
given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall be false or misleading in any material respect when made.

3.5
Receiver or Trustee. The Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or
apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial part of its property or business, or such
a receiver or trustee shall otherwise be appointed.

3.6 Judgments.
Any money judgment, writ or similar process shall be entered or filed against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower or any
of its property or other assets for more than $100,000, and shall remain unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of twenty (20)
days unless otherwise consented to by the Holder, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld.

3.7 Bankruptcy.
Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings, voluntary or involuntary, for relief under
any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the
Borrower.

3.8
Failure to Comply with the 1934 Act. At any time after the Issue Date, the Borrower shall fail to comply with the reporting requirements
of the 1934 Act and/or the Borrower shall cease to be subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act.

3.9
Liquidation. Any dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of Borrower or any substantial portion

of
its business.

3.10
Cessation of Operations. Any cessation of operations by Borrower or Borrower admits it is otherwise generally unable to pay its
debts as such debts become due, provided, however, that any disclosure of the Borrowers ability to continue as a going
concern shall not be an admission that the Borrower cannot pay its debts as they become due.

3.11
Maintenance of Assets. The failure by Borrower to maintain any material intellectual property rights, personal, real property
or other assets which are necessary to conduct its business (whether now or in the future).

11

3.12
Financial Statement Restatement. The restatement of any financial statements filed by the Borrower with the SEC for any date or
period from two years prior to the Issue Date of this Note and until this Note is no longer outstanding.

3.13
Replacement of Transfer Agent. In the event that the Borrower proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Borrower fails to provide,
prior to the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered
pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserve shares of Common Stock in the Reserved
Amount) signed by the successor transfer agent to Borrower and the Borrower.

3.14
Cross-Default. The declaration of an event of default by any lender or other extender of credit to the Company under any notes,
loans, agreements or other instruments of the Company evidencing any indebtedness of the Company (including those filed as exhibits to
or described in the Companys filings with the SEC), after the passage of all applicable notice and cure or grace periods.

3.15
Variable Rate Transactions. The Borrower consummates a Variable Rate Transaction at any time on or after the Issue Date.

3.16
Inside Information. Any attempt by the Borrower or its officers, directors, and/or affiliates to transmit, convey, disclose, or
any actual transmittal, conveyance, or disclosure by the Borrower or its officers, directors, and/or affiliates of, material non-public
information concerning the Borrower, to the Holder or its successors and assigns, which is not immediately cured by Borrowers
filing of a Form 8-K pursuant to Regulation FD on that same date.

3.17
Unavailability of Rule 144. If, at any time on or after the date that is six (6) calendar months after the Issue Date, the Holder
is unable to (i) obtain a standard 144 legal opinion letter from an attorney reasonably acceptable to the Holder, the Holders
brokerage firm (and respective clearing firm), and the Borrowers transfer agent in order to facilitate the Holders conversion
of any portion of the Note into free trading shares of the Borrowers Common Stock pursuant to Rule 144, and/or (ii) thereupon
deposit such shares into the Holders brokerage account.

3.18
Delisting, Suspension, or Quotation of Trading of Common Stock. If, at any time on or after the Issue Date, the Borrowers
Common Stock (i) is suspended from trading, (ii) halted from trading, and/or (iii) fails to be listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market.

3.19
Shareholder Approval. The Company fails to obtain the Shareholder Approval within one hundred eighty (180) calendar days after
the Issue Date.

3.20
Joinder of New Subsidiaries to Security Agreement. The Borrower fails to deliver to Holder, within three (3) Trading Days after
the Borrower is deemed to beneficially own or control more than 50% of the equity interests in or more than 50% of the voting power of
the equity interests of any entity (each a New Subsidiary), the Additional Debtor Joinder in the form attached as Annex
A to the Security Agreement which has been executed by the New Subsidiary.

3.21
Rights and Remedies Upon an Event of Default. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default specified in this Article III, this
Note shall become immediately due and payable, and the Borrower shall pay to the Holder, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder,
an amount equal to the Principal Amount then outstanding plus accrued interest (including any Default Interest) through the date of full
repayment multiplied by 150% (collectively the Default Amount), as well as all costs, including, without limitation, legal
fees and expenses, of collection, all without demand, presentment or notice, all of which hereby are expressly waived by the Borrower.
Holder may, in Holders sole discretion, convert all or any portion of this Note (including the Default Amount) into Common Stock
pursuant to the terms of this Note (for the avoidance of doubt, this shall apply even if such conversion occurs after the Maturity Date).
For purposes of payments in Common Stock, the conversion formula set forth in Section 1.2 shall apply as well as all other provisions
of this Note. The Holder shall be entitled to exercise all other rights and remedies available at law or in equity.

12

ARTICLE
IV. MISCELLANEOUS

4.1
Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude
other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies of the Holder existing hereunder
are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available.

4.2 Notices.
All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing
and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return
receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by
hand delivery, telegram, e-mail or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have
specified most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be
deemed effective (a) upon hand delivery or delivery by e-mail or facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting
facsimile machine, at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such
notice is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during
normal business hours where such notice is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by
express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first
occur. The addresses for such communications shall be:

If
to the Borrower, to:

CLEAN
ENERGY TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

1340
Reynolds Avenue, Unit 120

Irvine,
CA 92614 Attention: Kambiz Mahdi

e-mail:
kmahdi@cetyinc.com

If
to the Holder:

MAST
HILL FUND, L.P.

150
Grossman Drive, Suite 205

Braintree,
MA 02184

e-mail:
admin@masthillfund.com

4.3 Amendments.
This Note and any provision hereof may only be amended by an instrument in writing signed by the Borrower and the Holder. The term
Note and all reference thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall mean this instrument as originally executed,
or if later amended or supplemented, then as so amended or supplemented.

4.4 Assignability.
This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and its
successors and assigns. The Borrower shall not assign this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written
consent of the Holder. The Holder may assign its rights hereunder to any accredited investor (as defined in Rule
501(a) of the 1933 Act) in a private transaction from the Holder or to any of its affiliates, as that term is defined
under the 1934 Act, without the consent of the Borrower. Notwithstanding anything in this Note to the contrary, this Note may be
pledged as collateral in connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending arrangement. The Holder and any assignee, by
acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that following conversion of a portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted
principal amount of this Note represented by this Note may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

4.5
Cost of Collection. If default is made in the payment of this Note, the Borrower shall pay the Holder hereof costs of collection,
including reasonable attorneys fees.

4.6
Arbitration of Claims; Governing Law; Venue; Attorneys Fees. The Company and Holder shall submit all Claims (as defined
in Exhibit E of the Purchase Agreement) (the Claims) arising under this Note or any other agreement between the parties
and their affiliates or any Claim relating to the relationship of the parties to binding arbitration pursuant to the arbitration provisions
set forth in Exhibit E of the Purchase Agreement (the Arbitration Provisions). The Company and Holder hereby acknowledge
and agree that the Arbitration Provisions are unconditionally binding on the Company and Holder hereto and are severable from all other
provisions of this Note. By executing this Note, Company represents, warrants and covenants that Company has reviewed the Arbitration
Provisions carefully, consulted with legal counsel about such provisions (or waived its right to do so), understands that the Arbitration
Provisions are intended to allow for the expeditious and efficient resolution of any dispute hereunder, agrees to the terms and limitations
set forth in the Arbitration Provisions, and that Company will not take a position contrary to the foregoing representations. The Company
acknowledges and agrees that Holder may rely upon the foregoing representations and covenants of the Company regarding the Arbitration
Provisions. This Note shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation
and performance of this Note shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Nevada, without giving effect to any choice of law
or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Nevada or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of
the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Nevada. The Company and Holder consent to and expressly agree that the exclusive
venue for arbitration of any Claims arising under this Note or any other agreement between the Company and Holder or their respective
affiliates (including but not limited to the Transaction Documents) or any Claim relating to the relationship of the Company and Holder
or their respective affiliates shall be in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Without modifying the Companys and Holders
obligations to resolve disputes hereunder pursuant to the Arbitration Provisions, for any litigation arising in connection with any of
the Transaction Documents (and notwithstanding the terms (specifically including any governing law and venue terms) of any transfer agent
services agreement or other agreement between the Companys transfer agent and the Company, such litigation specifically includes,
without limitation any action between or involving Company and the Companys transfer agent under the Irrevocable Transfer Agent
Instructions (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) or otherwise related to Holder in any way (specifically including, without limitation,
any action where Company seeks to obtain an injunction, temporary restraining order, or otherwise prohibit the Companys transfer
agent from issuing shares of Common Stock to Holder for any reason)), each party hereto hereby (i) consents to and expressly submits
to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of any state or federal court sitting in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, (ii) expressly submits
to the exclusive venue of any such court for the purposes hereof, (iii) agrees to not bring any such action (specifically including,
without limitation, any action where Company seeks to obtain an injunction, temporary restraining order, or otherwise prohibit the Companys
transfer agent from issuing shares of Common Stock to Holder for any reason) outside of any state or federal court sitting in the Commonwealth
of Massachusetts, and (iv) waives any claim of improper venue and any claim or objection that such courts are an inconvenient forum or
any other claim, defense or objection to the bringing of any such proceeding in such jurisdiction or to any claim that such venue of
the suit, action or proceeding is improper. Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, nothing herein (i) shall limit,
or shall be deemed or construed to limit, the ability of the Holder to realize on any collateral or any other security, or to enforce
a judgment or other court ruling in favor of the Holder, including through a legal action in any court of competent jurisdiction, or
(ii) shall limit, or shall be deemed or construed to limit, any provision of Section 4.15 of this Note. The Company hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted
hereunder, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, and any claim that such suit, action or
proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper (including but not limited
to based upon forum non conveniens). THE COMPANY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST,
A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS NOTE OR ANY TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY. The Company irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding
in connection with this Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby by mailing a
copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to Company at the address in effect for
notices to it under this Note and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof.
Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. The prevailing
party in any action or dispute brought in connection with this Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated
hereby or thereby shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorneys fees and costs. If any provision
of this Note shall be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the validity
or enforceability of the remainder of this Note in that jurisdiction or the validity or enforceability of any provision of this Note
in any other jurisdiction.

13

4.7
Certain Amounts. Whenever pursuant to this Note the Borrower is required to pay an amount in excess of the outstanding Principal
Amount (or the portion thereof required to be paid at that time) plus accrued and unpaid interest plus Default Interest on such interest,
the Borrower and the Holder agree that the actual damages to the Holder from the receipt of cash payment on this Note may be difficult
to determine and the amount to be so paid by the Borrower represents stipulated damages and not a penalty and is intended to compensate
the Holder in part for loss of the opportunity to convert this Note and to earn a return from the sale of shares of Common Stock acquired
upon conversion of this Note at a price in excess of the price paid for such shares pursuant to this Note. The Borrower and the Holder
hereby agree that such amount of stipulated damages is not plainly disproportionate to the possible loss to the Holder from the receipt
of a cash payment without the opportunity to convert this Note into shares of Common Stock.

4.8
Purchase Agreement. The Company and the Holder shall be bound by the applicable terms of the Purchase Agreement, Security Agreement,
Voting Agreement, and the Transaction Documents entered into in connection herewith and therewith.

4.9
Notice of Corporate Events. Except as otherwise provided below, the Holder of this Note shall have no rights as a Holder of Common
Stock unless and only to the extent that it converts this Note into Common Stock. The Borrower shall provide the Holder with prior notification
of any meeting of the Borrowers shareholders (and copies of proxy materials and other information sent to shareholders). In the
event of any taking by the Borrower of a record of its shareholders for the purpose of determining shareholders who are entitled to receive
payment of any dividend or other distribution, any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire (including by way of merger,
consolidation, reclassification or recapitalization) any share of any class or any other securities or property, or to receive any other
right, or for the purpose of determining shareholders who are entitled to vote in connection with any change in control or any proposed
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Borrower, the Borrower shall mail a notice to the Holder, at least twenty (20) days prior
to the record date specified therein (or thirty (30) days prior to the consummation of the transaction or event, whichever is earlier),
of the date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, right or other event, and a brief
statement regarding the amount and character of such dividend, distribution, right or other event to the extent known at such time. The
Borrower shall make a public announcement of any event requiring notification to the Holder hereunder substantially simultaneously with
the notification to the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Section 4.9.

4.10
Remedies. The Borrower acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder,
by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Borrower acknowledges that the remedy at
law for a breach of its obligations under this Note will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the
Borrower of the provisions of this Note, that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in
equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach
of this Note and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without
any bond or other security being required.

4.11
Construction; Headings. This Note shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and all the Holder and shall not be construed
against any person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Note are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect
the interpretation of, this Note.

4.12
Usury. To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever
claim, and will resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at
any time hereafter in force, in connection with any action or proceeding that may be brought by the Holder in order to enforce any right
or remedy under this Note. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in this Note, it is expressly agreed and provided
that the total liability of the Company under this Note for payments which under the applicable law are in the nature of interest shall
not exceed the maximum lawful rate authorized under applicable law (the Maximum Rate), and, without limiting the foregoing,
in no event shall any rate of interest or default interest, or both of them, when aggregated with any other sums which under the applicable
law in the nature of interest that the Company may be obligated to pay under this Note exceed such Maximum Rate. It is agreed that if
the maximum contract rate of interest allowed by applicable law and applicable to this Note is increased or decreased by statute or any
official governmental action subsequent to the Issue Date, the new maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law will be the Maximum
Rate applicable to this Note from the effective date thereof forward, unless such application is precluded by applicable law. If under
any circumstances whatsoever, interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to the Holder with respect to indebtedness
evidenced by this the Note, such excess shall be applied by the Holder to the unpaid principal balance of any such indebtedness or be
refunded to the Company, the manner of handling such excess to be at the Holders election.

4.13
Severability. In the event that any provision of this Note is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of
law (including any judicial ruling), then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and
shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under
any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Note.

14

4.14
Terms of Future Financings. So long as this Note is outstanding, upon any issuance by the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries
of any security, or amendment to a security that was originally issued before the Issue Date, with any term that the Holder reasonably
believes is more favorable to the holder of such security or with a term in favor of the holder of such security that the Holder reasonably
believes was not similarly provided to the Holder in this Note (even if the holder of such other security does not receive the benefit
of such more favorable term until a default occurs under such other security), then (i) the Borrower shall notify the Holder of such
additional or more favorable term within one (1) business day of the issuance and/or amendment (as applicable) of the respective security,
and (ii) such term, at Holders option, shall become a part of the transaction documents with the Holder (regardless of whether
the Borrower complied with the notification provision of this Section 4.14). The types of terms contained in another security that may
be more favorable to the holder of such security include, but are not limited to, terms addressing prepayment rate, interest rates, and
original issue discounts.

4.15
Dispute Resolution.

(a)
In the case of a dispute relating to the Conversion Price, Market Price, Conversion Amount, any prepayment amount or Default Amount,
Issue Date, Closing Date, Maturity Date, the closing bid price, or fair market value (as the case may be) (including, without limitation,
a dispute relating to the determination of any of the foregoing) (the Note Calculations), the Company or the Holder (as
the case may be) shall submit the dispute to the other party via electronic mail (A) if by the Company, within two (2) Trading Days after
the occurrence of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute or (B) if by the Holder, at any time after the Holder learned of the
circumstances giving rise to such dispute. If the Holder and the Company are unable to agree upon such determination or calculation within
two (2) Trading Days following such initial notice by the Company or the Holder (as the case may be) of such dispute to the Company or
the Holder (as the case may be), then the Holder may, at its sole option, submit the dispute to an independent, reputable investment
bank or independent, outside accountant selected by the Holder (the Independent Third Party), and the Company shall pay
all expenses of such Independent Third Party.

(b)
The Holder and the Company shall each deliver to such Independent Third Party (A) a copy of the initial dispute submission so delivered
in accordance with the first sentence of this Section 4.15(a) and (B) written documentation supporting its position with respect to such
dispute, in each case, no later than 5:00 p.m. (New York time) by second (2nd) Business Day immediately following the date on which the
Holder selected such Independent Third Party (the Dispute Submission Deadline) (the documents referred to in the immediately
preceding clauses (A) and (B) are collectively referred to herein as the Required Dispute Documentation) (it being understood
and agreed that if either the Holder or the Company fails to so deliver all of the Required Dispute Documentation by the Dispute Submission
Deadline, then the party who fails to so submit all of the Required Dispute Documentation shall no longer be entitled to (and hereby
waives its right to) deliver or submit any written documentation or other support to such Independent Third Party with respect to such
dispute and such Independent Third Party shall resolve such dispute based solely on the Required Dispute Documentation that was delivered
to such Independent Third Party prior to the Dispute Submission Deadline). Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by both the Company
and the Holder or otherwise requested by such Independent Third Party, neither the Company nor the Holder shall be entitled to deliver
or submit any written documentation or other support to such Independent Third Party in connection with such dispute, other than the
Required Dispute Documentation.

(c)
The Company and the Holder shall cause such Independent Third Party to determine the resolution of such dispute and notify the Company
and the Holder of such resolution no later than five (5) Business Days immediately following the Dispute Submission Deadline. The fees
and expenses of such Independent Third Party shall be borne solely by the Company, and such Independent Third Partys resolution
of such dispute shall be final and binding upon all parties absent manifest error.

(d)
The Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) this Section 4.15 constitutes an agreement to arbitrate between the Company and
the Holder (and constitutes an arbitration agreement) under the rules then in effect under the Nevada Rules of Civil Procedure (NRCP)
and that the Holder is authorized to apply for an order to compel arbitration pursuant to the NRCP in order to compel compliance with
this Section 4.15, (ii) a dispute relating to the Note Calculations includes, without limitation, disputes as to (A) whether an issuance
or sale or deemed issuance or sale of Common Stock occurred under Section 1.6 of this Note, (B) the consideration per share at which
an issuance or deemed issuance of Common Stock occurred, (C) whether any issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale of Common Stock
was an issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale, (D) whether an agreement, instrument, security or the like constitutes a Common Stock
Equivalent and (E) whether a Dilutive Issuance occurred, (iii) the terms of this Note and each other applicable Transaction Document
shall serve as the basis for the selected Independent Third Partys resolution of the applicable dispute, such Independent Third
Party shall be entitled (and is hereby expressly authorized) to make all findings, determinations and the like that such Independent
Third Party determines are required to be made by such Independent Third Party in connection with its resolution of such dispute (including,
without limitation, determining (A) whether an issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale of Common Stock occurred under Section 1.6
of this Note, (B) the consideration per share at which an issuance or deemed issuance of Common Stock occurred, (C) whether any issuance
or sale or deemed issuance or sale of Common Stock was an issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale, (D) whether an agreement, instrument,
security or the like constitutes a Common Stock Equivalent and (E) whether a Dilutive Issuance occurred) and in resolving such dispute
such Independent Third Party shall apply such findings, determinations and the like to the terms of this Note and any other applicable
Transaction Documents, and (iv) nothing in this Section 4.15 shall limit the Holder from obtaining any injunctive relief or other equitable
remedies (including, without limitation, with respect to any matters described in this Section 4.15).

15

4.16
Right of First Refusal. If at any time while this Note is outstanding, the Borrower has a bona fide offer of capital or financing
from any 3rd party, that the Borrower intends to act upon, then the Borrower must first offer such opportunity to the Holder to provide
such capital or financing to the Borrower on the same terms as each respective 3rd partys terms. Should the Holder be unwilling
or unable to provide such capital or financing to the Borrower within three (3) Trading Days from Holders receipt of written notice
of the offer (the Offer Notice) from the Borrower, then the Borrower may obtain such capital or financing from that respective
3rd party upon the exact same terms and conditions offered by the Borrower to the Holder, which transaction must be completed within
30 days after the date of the Offer Notice. If the Borrower does not receive the capital or financing from the respective 3rd party within
30 days after the date of the respective Offer Notice, then the Borrower must again offer the capital or financing opportunity to the
Holder as described above, and the process detailed above shall be repeated. The Offer Notice must be sent via electronic mail to admin@masthillfund.com.

[signature
page follows]

16

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its name by its duly authorized officer on January 16, 2025.

CLEAN ENERGY TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

By: /s/
Kambiz Mahdi 

Name: Kambiz Mahdi 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

17

EXHIBIT
A NOTICE OF CONVERSION

The
undersigned hereby elects to convert $principal amount of the Note (defined below) into that number of shares of Common Stock
to be issued pursuant to the conversion of the Note (Common Stock) as set forth below, of CLEAN ENERGY TECHNOLOGIES,
INC., a Nevada corporation (the Borrower), according to the conditions of the junior secured promissory note of the
Borrower dated as of January 16, 2025 (the Note), as of the date written below. No fee will be charged to the Holder for
any conversion, except for transfer taxes, if any.

Box
Checked as to applicable instructions:

The
Borrower shall electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Notice
of Conversion to the account of the undersigned or its nominee with DTC through its Deposit
Withdrawal Agent Commission system (DWAC Transfer).

Name
of DTC Prime Broker:

Account
Number:

The
undersigned hereby requests that the Borrower issue a certificate or certificates for the
number of shares of Common Stock set forth below (which numbers are based on the Holders
calculation attached hereto) in the name(s) specified immediately below or, if additional
space is necessary, on an attachment hereto:

Date
of Conversion:---------------------------------------------------

Applicable
Conversion Price: $

Number
of Shares of Common Stock to be

Issued
Pursuant to Conversion of the Note: ----------------------------------------------

Amount
of Principal Balance Due remaining

Under
the Note after this conversion: ------------------------------------

By:

Name:

Title:

Date:

18
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-3.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.3

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES AS TO WHICH THIS SECURITY MAY BE EXERCISED HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR
TO SUCH EFFECT. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE
MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

CLEAN
ENERGY TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

Warrant
Shares: 818,917

Date
of Issuance: January 16, 2025 (Issuance Date)

This
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received (in connection with the issuance
of the junior secured promissory note in the principal amount of $1,585,000.00 to the Holder (as defined below) of even date) (the Note),
Mast Hill Fund, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (including any permitted and registered assigns, the Holder),
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
the date of issuance hereof, to purchase from CLEAN ENERGY TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Nevada corporation (the Company),
818,917 shares of Common Stock (the Warrant Shares) (whereby such number may be adjusted from time to time pursuant
to the terms and conditions of this Warrant) at the Exercise Price per share then in effect. This Warrant is issued by the Company as
of the date hereof in connection with that certain securities purchase agreement dated January 16, 2025, by and among the Company and
the Holder (the Purchase Agreement).

Capitalized
terms used in this Warrant shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement unless otherwise defined in the body of this Warrant
or in Section 16 below. For purposes of this Warrant, the term Exercise Price shall mean $2.50, subject to adjustment as
provided herein (including but not limited to cashless exercise), and the term Exercise Period shall mean the period commencing
on the Issuance Date and ending on 5:00 p.m. eastern standard time on the five-year anniversary thereof.

1

1.
EXERCISE OF WARRANT.

(a)
Mechanics of Exercise. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the rights represented by this Warrant may be exercised in whole or
in part at any time or times during the Exercise Period by delivery of a written notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the
Exercise Notice), of the Holders election to exercise this Warrant. The Holder shall not be required to deliver
the original Warrant in order to effect an exercise hereunder. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion
of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares
purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. On or before the second Trading Day (the
Warrant Share Delivery Date) following the date on which the Holder sent the Exercise Notice to the Company or the
Companys transfer agent, and upon receipt by the Company of payment to the Company of an amount equal to the applicable Exercise
Price multiplied by the number of Warrant Shares as to which all or a portion of this Warrant is being exercised (the Aggregate
Exercise Price and together with the Exercise Notice, the Exercise Delivery Documents) in cash or by
wire transfer of immediately available funds (or by cashless exercise, in which case there shall be no Aggregate Exercise Price provided),
the Company shall (or direct its transfer agent to) issue and deliver by overnight courier to the address as specified in the Exercise
Notice, a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of
shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise (or deliver such shares of Common Stock in electronic
format if requested by the Holder). Upon delivery of the Exercise Delivery Documents, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes
to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the
date of delivery of the certificates evidencing such Warrant Shares. If this Warrant is submitted in connection with any exercise and
the number of Warrant Shares represented by this Warrant submitted for exercise is greater than the number of Warrant Shares being acquired
upon an exercise, then the Company shall as soon as practicable and in no event later than three Business Days after any exercise and
at its own expense, issue a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 7) representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares
purchasable immediately prior to such exercise under this Warrant, less the number of Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant
is exercised.

If
the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to issue to the Holder the respective shares of Common Stock by the respective Warrant
Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise in Holders sole discretion in addition to all
other rights and remedies at law, under this Warrant, or otherwise, and such failure shall also be deemed an Event of Default under the
Note (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (the Note) (any Event of Default (as defined in the Note) under the Note, including
but not limited to the share delivery failure described in this sentence, shall be referred to in this Warrant as an Event of
Default), a material breach under this Warrant, and a material breach under the Purchase Agreement.

If
the Market Price of one share of Common Stock is greater than the Exercise Price, then, unless there is an effective non-stale registration
statement of the Company which contains a prospectus that complies with Section 5(b) and Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933 at
the time of exercise and covers the Holders immediate resale of all of the Warrant Shares at prevailing market prices (and not
fixed prices) without any limitation, the Holder may elect to receive Warrant Shares pursuant to a cashless exercise, in lieu of a cash
exercise, equal to the value of this Warrant determined in the manner described below (or of any portion thereof remaining unexercised)
by surrender of this Warrant and an Exercise Notice, in which event the Company shall issue to Holder a number of Common Stock computed
using the following formula:

X
= Y (A-B)

A

Where X = the number of Shares to be
issued to Holder.

Y = the number of Warrant Shares that the Holder
elects to purchase under this Warrant (at the date of such calculation).

A = the Market Price (at the date of such calculation).

B = Exercise Price (as adjusted to the date of
such calculation).

(b)
No Fractional Shares. No fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant as a consequence of any adjustment
pursuant hereto. All Warrant Shares (including fractions) issuable upon exercise of this Warrant may be aggregated for purposes of determining
whether the exercise would result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, after aggregation, the exercise would result in the issuance
of a fractional share, the Company shall, in lieu of issuance of any fractional share, pay the Holder otherwise entitled to such fraction
a sum in cash equal to the product resulting from multiplying the then-current fair market value of a Warrant Share by such fraction.

2

(c)
Holders Exercise Limitations; Exchange Cap. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company shall
not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section
1 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Exercise Notice,
the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates), and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of
the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned
by the Holder and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with
respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon
(i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution
Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including,
without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation
contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding
sentence, for purposes of this Section 1(c), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange
Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Holder is solely responsible for
any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above
shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes
of this Section 1(c), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the
case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Companys
transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company
shall within three (3) Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding.
In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of
securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which
such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the
number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding at the time of the respective calculation hereunder. In addition to the beneficial ownership
limitations provided in this Warrant, the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued under this Warrant shall be
limited to the amount described in Section 4(p) of the Purchase Agreement, unless the Shareholder Approval (as defined in the Purchase
Agreement) (Shareholder Approval) is obtained by the Company. In the event that the Company is prohibited from issuing
any shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Warrant due to the Companys failure to obtain the Shareholder Approval (such number
of shares that are prohibited from being issued are referred to herein as the Exchange Cap Shares), in lieu of issuing
and delivering such Exchange Cap Shares to the Holder, the Company shall pay cash to the Holder in exchange for the cancellation of such
portion of this Warrant exercisable into such Exchange Cap Shares (the Exchange Cap Payment Amount) at a price equal to
the sum of (x) the product of (A) such number of Exchange Cap Shares and (B) the greatest Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on any
Trading Day during the period commencing on the date the Holder delivers the applicable Exercise Notice with respect to such Exchange
Cap Shares to the Company and ending on the date of the aforementioned payment under this Section 1(c) and (y) to the extent the Holder
purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of Exchange
Cap Shares, any brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any, of the Holder incurred in connection therewith. The limitations
contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

3

(d)
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to
the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Companys transfer agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance
with the provisions of this Warrant (including but not limited to Section 1(a) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the respective
Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or
otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the
Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall
(A) pay in cash to the Holder, within one (1) Business Day of Holders request, the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders
total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of
(1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times
(2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either
reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such
exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder within one (1) Business Day of Holders request the number of shares
of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For
example, if the Holder purchases, or effectuates a cashless exercise hereunder for, Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000
to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase
obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence, the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000.
The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request
of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available
to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect
to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms
hereof.

2.
ADJUSTMENTS. The Exercise Price and number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant are subject to adjustment
from time to time as set forth in this Section 2.

(a)
Stock Dividends and Splits. Without limiting any provision of Section 2(b), Section 3 or Section 4, if the Company, at any time
on or after the Issuance Date, (i) pays a stock dividend on one or more classes of its then outstanding shares of Common Stock or otherwise
makes a distribution on any class of capital stock that is payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivides (by any stock split, stock
dividend, recapitalization or otherwise) one or more classes of its then outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares
or (iii) combines (by combination, reverse stock split or otherwise) one or more classes of its then outstanding shares of Common Stock
into a smaller number of shares, then in each such case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall
be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of
shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to clause (i) of this paragraph shall become
effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution,
and any adjustment pursuant to clause (ii) or (iii) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the effective date of
such subdivision or combination. If any event requiring an adjustment under this paragraph occurs during the period that an Exercise
Price is calculated hereunder, then the calculation of such Exercise Price shall be adjusted appropriately to reflect such event.

4

(b)
Adjustment Upon Issuance of Shares of Common Stock. If and whenever on or after the Issuance Date, the Company grants, issues
or sells (or enters into any agreement to grant, issue or sell), or in accordance with this Section 2 is deemed to have granted, issued
or sold, any shares of Common Stock (including the issuance or sale of shares of Common Stock owned or held by or for the account of
the Company) (other than in an Excluded Issuance (as defined in this Warrant)) for a consideration per share (the New Issuance
Price) less than a price equal to the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such granting, issuance or sale or deemed
granting, issuance or sale (such Exercise Price then in effect is referred to herein as the Applicable Price) (the foregoing
a Dilutive Issuance), then the Exercise Price then in effect shall be reduced to an amount equal to the New Issuance Price.
For all purposes of the foregoing (including, without limitation, determining the adjusted Exercise Price and the New Issuance Price
under this Section 2(b)), the following shall be applicable:

(i)
Issuance of Options. If the Company in any manner grants, issues or sells (or enters into any agreement to grant, issue or sell)
any Options (other than in an Excluded Issuance)and the lowest price per share for which one share of Common Stock is at any time issuable
upon the exercise of any such Option or upon conversion, exercise or exchange of any Convertible Securities issuable upon exercise of
any such Option or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof is less than the Applicable Price, then such share of Common Stock shall be
deemed to be outstanding and to have been issued and sold by the Company at the time of the granting, issuance or sale (or the time of
execution of such agreement to grant, issue or sell, as applicable) of such Option for such price per share. For purposes of this Section
2(b)(i), the lowest price per share for which one share of Common Stock is at any time issuable upon the exercise of any such
Options or upon conversion, exercise or exchange of any Convertible Securities issuable upon exercise of any such Option or otherwise
pursuant to the terms thereof shall be equal to (1) the lower of (x) the sum of the lowest amounts of consideration (if any) received
or receivable by the Company with respect to any one share of Common Stock upon the granting, issuance or sale (or pursuant to the agreement
to grant, issue or sell, as applicable) of such Option, upon exercise of such Option and upon conversion, exercise or exchange of any
Convertible Security issuable upon exercise of such Option or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof and (y) the lowest exercise price
set forth in such Option for which one share of Common Stock is issuable (or may become issuable assuming all possible market conditions)
upon the exercise of any such Options or upon conversion, exercise or exchange of any Convertible Securities issuable upon exercise of
any such Option or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof minus (2) the sum of all amounts paid or payable to the holder of such Option
(or any other Person) upon the granting, issuance or sale (or the agreement to grant, issue or sell, as applicable) of such Option, upon
exercise of such Option and upon conversion, exercise or exchange of any Convertible Security issuable upon exercise of such Option or
otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof plus the value of any other consideration received or receivable by, or benefit conferred on,
the holder of such Option (or any other Person). Except as contemplated below, no further adjustment of the Exercise Price shall be made
upon the actual issuance of such shares of Common Stock or of such Convertible Securities upon the exercise of such Options or otherwise
pursuant to the terms of or upon the actual issuance of such shares of Common Stock upon conversion, exercise or exchange of such Convertible
Securities.

(ii)
Issuance of Convertible Securities. If the Company in any manner issues or sells (or enters into any agreement to issue or sell)
any Convertible Securities (other than in an Excluded Issuance) and the lowest price per share for which one share of Common Stock is
at any time issuable upon the conversion, exercise or exchange thereof or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof is less than the Applicable
Price, then such share of Common Stock shall be deemed to be outstanding and to have been issued and sold by the Company at the time
of the issuance or sale (or the time of execution of such agreement to issue or sell, as applicable) of such Convertible Securities for
such price per share. For the purposes of this Section 2(b)(ii), the lowest price per share for which one share of Common Stock
is at any time issuable upon the conversion, exercise or exchange thereof or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof shall be
equal to (1) the lower of (x) the sum of the lowest amounts of consideration (if any) received or receivable by the Company with respect
to one share of Common Stock upon the issuance or sale (or pursuant to the agreement to issue or sell, as applicable) of the Convertible
Security and upon conversion, exercise or exchange of such Convertible Security or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof and (y) the
lowest conversion price set forth in such Convertible Security for which one share of Common Stock is issuable (or may become issuable
assuming all possible market conditions) upon conversion, exercise or exchange thereof or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof minus
(2) the sum of all amounts paid or payable to the holder of such Convertible Security (or any other Person) upon the issuance or sale
(or the agreement to issue or sell, as applicable) of such Convertible Security plus the value of any other consideration received or
receivable by, or benefit conferred on, the holder of such Convertible Security (or any other Person). Except as contemplated below,
no further adjustment of the Exercise Price shall be made upon the actual issuance of such shares of Common Stock upon conversion, exercise
or exchange of such Convertible Securities or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof, and if any such issuance or sale of such Convertible
Securities is made upon exercise of any Options for which adjustment of this Warrant has been or is to be made pursuant to other provisions
of this Section 2(b), except as contemplated below, no further adjustment of the Exercise Price shall be made by reason of such issuance
or sale.

5

(iii)
Change in Option Price or Rate of Conversion. If the purchase or exercise price provided for in any Options, the additional consideration,
if any, payable upon the issue, conversion, exercise or exchange of any Convertible Securities, or the rate at which any Convertible
Securities are convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock increases or decreases at any time (other than
(i) proportional changes in conversion or exercise prices, as applicable, in connection with an event referred to in Section 2(a), or
(ii) changes in conversion or exercise prices, as applicable, in respect of securities issued in an Excluded Issuance), the Exercise
Price in effect at the time of such increase or decrease shall be adjusted to the Exercise Price which would have been in effect at such
time had such Options or Convertible Securities provided for such increased or decreased purchase price, additional consideration or
increased or decreased conversion rate, as the case may be, at the time initially granted, issued or sold. For purposes of this Section
2(b)(iii), if the terms of any Option or Convertible Security (including, without limitation, any Option or Convertible Security that
was outstanding as of the Issuance Date) are increased or decreased in the manner described in the immediately preceding sentence, then
such Option or Convertible Security and the shares of Common Stock deemed issuable upon exercise, conversion or exchange thereof shall
be deemed to have been issued as of the date of such increase or decrease. No adjustment pursuant to this Section 2(b) shall be made
if such adjustment would result in an increase of the Exercise Price then in effect.

(iv)
Calculation of Consideration Received. If any Option and/or Convertible Security and/or Adjustment Right is issued in connection
with the issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale of any other securities of the Company (as determined jointly by the Holder and
the Company), the Primary Security, and such Option and/or Convertible Security and/or Adjustment Right, the Secondary
Securities), together comprising one integrated transaction, (or one or more transactions if such issuances or sales or deemed
issuances or sales of securities of the Company either (A) have at least one investor or purchaser in common, (B) are consummated in
reasonable proximity to each other and/or (C) are consummated under the same plan of financing) the aggregate consideration per share
of Common Stock with respect to such Primary Security shall be deemed to be equal to the difference of (x) the lowest price per share
for which one share of Common Stock was issued (or was deemed to be issued pursuant to Section 2(b)(i) or 2(b)(ii) above, as applicable)
in such integrated transaction solely with respect to such Primary Security, minus (y) with respect to such Secondary Securities, the
sum of (I) the Black Scholes Consideration Value of each such Option, if any, (II) the fair market value (as reasonably determined jointly
by the Holder and the Company in good faith) or the Black Scholes Consideration Value, as applicable, of such Adjustment Right, if any,
and (III) the fair market value (as reasonably determined jointly by the Holder and the Company) of such Convertible Security, if any,
in each case, as determined on a per share basis in accordance with this Section 2(b)(iv). If any shares of Common Stock, Options or
Convertible Securities are issued or sold or deemed to have been issued or sold for cash, the consideration received therefor (for the
purpose of determining the consideration paid for such Common Stock, Option or Convertible Security, but not for the purpose of the calculation
of the Black Scholes Consideration Value) will be deemed to be the net amount of consideration received by the Company therefor. If any
shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities are issued or sold for a consideration other than cash, the amount of such
consideration received by the Company (for the purpose of determining the consideration paid for such Common Stock, Option or Convertible
Security, but not for the purpose of the calculation of the Black Scholes Consideration Value) will be the fair value of such consideration,
except where such consideration consists of publicly traded securities, in which case the amount of consideration received by the Company
for such securities will be the arithmetic average of the VWAPs of such security for each of the five (5) Trading Days immediately preceding
the date of receipt. If any shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities are issued to the owners of the non-surviving entity
in connection with any merger in which the Company is the surviving entity, the amount of consideration therefor (for the purpose of
determining the consideration paid for such Common Stock, Option or Convertible Security, but not for the purpose of the calculation
of the Black Scholes Consideration Value) will be deemed to be the fair value of such portion of the net assets and business of the non-surviving
entity as is attributable to such shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities (as the case may be). The fair value of any
consideration other than cash or publicly traded securities will be reasonably determined jointly by the Company and the Holder. If such
parties are unable to reach agreement within ten (10) days after the occurrence of an event requiring valuation (the Valuation
Event), the fair value of such consideration will be determined within five (5) Trading Days after the tenth (10th)
day following such Valuation Event by an independent, reputable appraiser jointly selected by the Company and the Holder. The determination
of such appraiser shall be final and binding upon all parties absent manifest error and the fees and expenses of such appraiser shall
be borne by the Company.

6

(v)
Record Date. If the Company takes a record of the holders of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of entitling them (A) to receive
a dividend or other distribution payable in shares of Common Stock, Options or in Convertible Securities or (B) to subscribe for or purchase
shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities, then such record date will be deemed to be the date of the issuance or sale
of the shares of Common Stock deemed to have been issued or sold upon the declaration of such dividend or the making of such other distribution
or the date of the granting of such right of subscription or purchase (as the case may be).

(c)
Holders Right of Alternative Exercise Price Following Issuance of Certain Options or Convertible Securities. In addition
to and not in limitation of the other provisions of this Section 2, if the Company in any manner issues or sells or enters into any agreement
to issue or sell, any Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities (any such securities, Variable Price Securities)
after the Issuance Date that are issuable pursuant to such agreement or convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for shares of
Common Stock at a price which varies or may vary with the market price of the shares of Common Stock, including by way of one or more
reset(s) to a fixed price, but exclusive of such formulations reflecting customary anti-dilution provisions (such as share splits, share
combinations, share dividends and similar transactions) (each of the formulations for such variable price being herein referred to as,
the Variable Price), the Company shall provide written notice thereof via electronic mail and overnight courier to the
Holder on the date of such agreement and the issuance of such Common Stock, Convertible Securities or Options. From and after the date
the Company enters into such agreement or issues any such Variable Price Securities, the Holder shall have the right, but not the obligation,
in its sole discretion to substitute the Variable Price, as calculated pursuant to the agreements governing such Variable Price Securities,
for the Exercise Price upon exercise of this Warrant by designating in the Exercise Notice delivered upon any exercise of this Warrant
that solely for purposes of such exercise the Holder is relying on the Variable Price rather than the Exercise Price then in effect.
The Holders election to rely on a Variable Price for a particular exercise of this Warrant shall not obligate the Holder to rely
on a Variable Price for any future exercises of this Warrant.

(d)
Stock Combination Event Adjustment. If at any time and from time to time on or after the Issuance Date there occurs any stock
split, stock dividend, stock combination recapitalization or other similar transaction involving the Common Stock (each, a Stock
Combination Event, and such date thereof, the Stock Combination Event Date) and the Event Market Price is less than
the Exercise Price then in effect (after giving effect to the adjustment in clause 2(a) above), then on the sixteenth (16th) Trading
Day immediately following such Stock Combination Event, the Exercise Price then in effect on such sixteenth (16th) Trading Day (after
giving effect to the adjustment in clause 2(a) above) shall be reduced (but in no event increased) to the Event Market Price. For the
avoidance of doubt, if the adjustment in the immediately preceding sentence would otherwise result in an increase in the Exercise Price
hereunder, no adjustment shall be made.

(e)
Other Events. In the event that the Company (or any Subsidiary (as defined in the Purchase Agreement)) shall take any action to
which the provisions hereof are not strictly applicable, or, if applicable, would not operate to protect the Holder from actual dilution
or if any event occurs of the type contemplated by the provisions of this Section 2 but not expressly provided for by such provisions
(including, without limitation, the granting of stock appreciation rights, phantom stock rights or other rights with equity features),
then the Companys board of directors shall in good faith determine and implement an appropriate adjustment in the Exercise Price
and the number of Warrant Shares (if applicable) so as to protect the rights of the Holder, provided that no such adjustment pursuant
to this Section 2(e) will increase the Exercise Price or decrease the number of Warrant Shares as otherwise determined pursuant to this
Section 2, provided further that if the Holder does not accept such adjustments as appropriately protecting its interests hereunder against
such dilution, then the Companys board of directors and the Holder shall agree, in good faith, upon an independent investment
bank of nationally recognized standing to make such appropriate adjustments, whose determination shall be final and binding absent manifest
error and whose fees and expenses shall be borne by the Company.

7

(f)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 2 shall be made by rounding to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th
of a share, as applicable. The number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any given time shall not include shares owned or
held by or for the account of the Company, and the disposition of any such shares shall be considered an issuance or sale of Common Stock

(g)
Voluntary Adjustment By Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Principal Market, the Company may at any time during
the term of this Warrant, with the prior written consent of the Holder, reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for
any period of time deemed appropriate by the board of directors of the Company.

(h)
Number of Warrant Shares. Simultaneously with any adjustment to the Exercise Price pursuant to this Section 2, the number of Warrant
Shares that may be purchased upon exercise of this Warrant shall be increased or decreased proportionately, so that after such adjustment
the aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder for the adjusted number of Warrant Shares shall be the same as the aggregate Exercise
Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment (without regard to any limitations on exercise contained herein). For the avoidance
of doubt, the aggregate Exercise Price payable prior to such adjustment is calculated as follows: the total number of Warrant Shares
issuable upon exercise of this Warrant immediately prior to such adjustment (without regard to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) multiplied
by the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment. By way of example, if E is the total number of Warrant Shares issuable
upon exercise of this Warrant immediately prior to such adjustment (without regard to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation), F is the
Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment, and G is the Exercise Price in effect immediately after such adjustment,
the adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares can be expressed in the following formula: Total number of Warrant Shares after such adjustment
= the number obtained from dividing [E x F] by G.

(i)
Notice. In addition to all other notice(s) required under this Section 2, the Company shall also notify the Holder in writing,
no later than the Trading Day following any adjustment to the Warrant under this Section 2, indicating therein the occurrence of such
applicable exercise price and warrant share adjustment (such notice the Adjustment Notice). For purposes of clarification,
regardless of whether (i) the Company provides an Adjustment Notice pursuant to this Section 2 or (ii) the Holder accurately refers to
the number of Warrant Shares or Exercise Price in the Exercise Notice, the Holder is entitled to receive the adjustments to the number
of Warrant Shares and Exercise Price at all times on and after the date of such adjustment event.

3.
RIGHTS UPON DISTRIBUTION OF ASSETS. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 2 above or Section 4(a) below, if the Company
shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common
Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities,
property, options, evidence of indebtedness or any other assets by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement,
scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then,
in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated
therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard
to any limitations or restrictions on exercise of this Warrant, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately
before the date on which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders
of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, that to the extent that
the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the extent of the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation (and shall not be entitled to beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution
(and beneficial ownership) to the extent of any such excess) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit
of the Holder until such time or times, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, at which time or times the Holder shall be granted such Distribution (and any Distributions
declared or made on such initial Distribution or on any subsequent Distribution held similarly in abeyance) to the same extent as if
there had been no such limitation).

4.
PURCHASE RIGHTS; FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTIONS.

(a)
Purchase Rights. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Sections 2 or 3 above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or
sells any Options, Convertible Securities or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record
holders of any class of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms
applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number
of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations or restrictions on exercise
of this Warrant, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is
taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders
of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however,
that to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder and the other Attribution
Parties exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to
the extent of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (and shall not be entitled to beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as
a result of such Purchase Right (and beneficial ownership) to the extent of any such excess) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall
be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time or times, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder
and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, at which time or times the Holder shall be granted such
right (and any Purchase Right granted, issued or sold on such initial Purchase Right or on any subsequent Purchase Right held similarly
in abeyance) to the same extent as if there had been no such limitation).

(b)
Fundamental Transactions. The Company shall not enter into or be party to a Fundamental Transaction unless the Successor Entity
assumes in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents (as defined in the Purchase
Agreement) in accordance with the provisions of this Section 4(b) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance satisfactory to
the Holder and approved by the Holder prior to such Fundamental Transaction, including agreements to deliver to the Holder in exchange
for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to
this Warrant, including, without limitation, which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock equivalent to
the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise
of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such
shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction
and the value of such shares of capital stock, such adjustments to the number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being
for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction).
Upon the consummation of each Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and
after the date of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring
to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and
shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if
such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein. Upon consummation of each Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall
deliver to the Holder confirmation that there shall be issued upon exercise of this Warrant at any time after the consummation of the
applicable Fundamental Transaction, in lieu of the shares of Common Stock (or other securities, cash, assets or other property (except
such items still issuable under Sections 3 and 4(a) above, which shall continue to be receivable thereafter)) issuable upon the exercise
of this Warrant prior to the applicable Fundamental Transaction, such shares of publicly traded common stock (or its equivalent) of the
Successor Entity (including its Parent Entity) which the Holder would have been entitled to receive upon the happening of the applicable
Fundamental Transaction had this Warrant been exercised immediately prior to the applicable Fundamental Transaction (without regard to
any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant), as adjusted in accordance with the provisions of this Warrant. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, and without limiting Section 1(c) hereof, the Holder may elect, at its sole option, by delivery of written notice to the Company
to waive this Section 4(b) to permit the Fundamental Transaction without the assumption of this Warrant. In addition to and not in substitution
for any other rights hereunder, prior to the consummation of each Fundamental Transaction pursuant to which holders of shares of Common
Stock are entitled to receive securities or other assets with respect to or in exchange for shares of Common Stock (a Corporate
Event), the Company shall make appropriate provision to insure that the Holder will thereafter have the right to receive upon
an exercise of this Warrant at any time after the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction but prior to the Expiration
Date, in lieu of the shares of the Common Stock (or other securities, cash, assets or other property (except such items still issuable
under Sections 3 and 4(a) above, which shall continue to be receivable thereafter)) issuable upon the exercise of the Warrant prior to
such Fundamental Transaction, such shares of stock, securities, cash, assets or any other property whatsoever (including warrants or
other purchase or subscription rights) which the Holder would have been entitled to receive upon the happening of the applicable Fundamental
Transaction had this Warrant been exercised immediately prior to the applicable Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitations
on the exercise of this Warrant) (the Corporate Event Consideration). Provision made pursuant to the preceding sentence
shall be in a form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder.

8

(c)
Black Scholes Value.

(i)
Change of Control Redemption. Notwithstanding the foregoing and the provisions of Section 4(b) above, at the request of the Holder
delivered at any time commencing on the earliest to occur of (A) the public disclosure of any Change of Control, (B) the consummation
of any Change of Control and (C) the Holder first becoming aware of any Change of Control through the date that is ninety (90) days after
the public disclosure of the consummation of such Change of Control by the Company pursuant to a Report on Form 8-K or Report of Foreign
Issuer on Form 6-K filed with the SEC, the Company or the Successor Entity (as the case may be) shall exchange this Warrant for consideration
equal to the Black Scholes Value of such portion of this Warrant subject to exchange (collectively, the Aggregate Black Scholes
Value) in the form of, at the Holders election (such election to pay in cash or by delivery of the Rights (as defined below),
a Consideration Election), either (I) rights (with a beneficial ownership limitation in the form of Section 1(c) hereof,
mutatis mutandis) (collectively, the Rights), convertible in whole, or in part, at any time, without the requirement
to pay any additional consideration, at the option of the Holder, into such Corporate Event Consideration applicable to such Change of
Control equal in value to the Aggregate Black Scholes Value (as determined in accordance with Section 2(b)(iv) above, but with the aggregate
number of Successor Shares (as defined below) issuable upon conversion of the Rights to be determined in increments of 10% (or such greater
percentage as the Holder may notify the Company from time to time) of the portion of the Aggregate Black Scholes Value attributable to
such Successor Shares (the Successor Share Value Increment), with the aggregate number of Successor Shares issuable upon
exercise of the Rights with respect to the first Successor Share Value Increment determined based on 70% of the Closing Bid Price of
the Successor Shares on the date the Rights are issued and on each of the nine (9) subsequent Trading Days, in each case, the aggregate
number of additional Successor Shares issuable upon exercise of the Rights shall be determined based upon a Successor Share Value Increment
at 70% of the Closing Bid Price of the Successor Shares in effect for such corresponding Trading Day (such ten (10) Trading Day period
commencing on, and including, the date the Rights are issued, the Rights Measuring Period)), or (II) in cash; provided,
that the Company shall not consummate a Change of Control if the Corporate Event Consideration includes share capital or other equity
interest (the Successor Shares) either in an entity that is not listed on an Eligible Market or an entity in which the
daily share volume for the applicable Successor Shares for each of the twenty (20) Trading Days prior to the date of consummation of
such Change of Control is less than the aggregate number of Successor Shares issuable to the Holder upon conversion in full of the applicable
Rights (without regard to any limitations on conversion therein, assuming the exercise in full of the Rights on the date of issuance
of the Rights and assuming the Closing Bid Price of the Successor Shares for each Trading Day in the Rights Measuring Period is the Closing
Bid Price on the Trading Day ended immediately prior to the time of consummation of the Change of Control). The Company shall give the
Holder written notice of each Consideration Election at least twenty (20) Trading Days prior to the time of consummation of such Change
of Control. Payment of such amounts or delivery of the Rights, as applicable, shall be made by the Company (or at the Companys
direction) to the Holder on or prior to the later of (x) the second (2nd) Trading Day after the date of such request and (y) the date
of consummation of such Change of Control (or, with respect to any Right, if applicable, such later time that holders of Common Stock
are initially entitled to receive Corporate Event Consideration with respect to the Common Stock of such holder). Any Corporate Event
Consideration included in the Right, if any, pursuant to this Section 4(c)(i) is pari passu with the Corporate Event Consideration
to be paid to holders of Common Stock and the Company shall not permit a payment of any Corporate Event Consideration to the holders
of Common Stock without on or prior to such time delivering the Right to the Holder hereunder.

9

(ii)
Event of Default Redemption. Notwithstanding the foregoing and the provisions of Section 4(b) above, at the request of the Holder
delivered at any time after the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the Note) under the Note, the Company or the Successor
Entity (as the case may be) shall purchase this Warrant from the Holder on the date of such request by paying to the Holder cash in an
amount equal to the Event of Default Black Scholes Value.

(d)
Application. The provisions of this Section 4 shall apply similarly and equally to successive Fundamental Transactions and Corporate
Events and shall be applied as if this Warrant (and any such subsequent warrants) were fully exercisable and without regard to any limitations
on the exercise of this Warrant (provided that the Holder shall continue to be entitled to the benefit of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
applied however with respect to shares of capital stock registered under the 1934 Act and thereafter receivable upon exercise of this
Warrant (or any such other warrant)).

5.
NON-CIRCUMVENTION. The Company covenants and agrees that it will not, by amendment of its articles of incorporation, bylaws or
through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities,
or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, and will at
all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Warrant and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of
the Holder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (i) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Common
Stock receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect, (ii) shall take all such actions as may be
necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non- assessable shares of Common Stock
upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (iii) shall, for so long as this Warrant is outstanding, have authorized and reserved, free from
preemptive rights, four (4) times the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Warrants are then exercisable into to provide for
the exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise).

6.
WARRANT HOLDER NOT DEEMED A STOCKHOLDER. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, the Holder, solely in its capacity
as a holder of this Warrant, shall not be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of share capital of the Company
for any purpose, nor shall anything contained in this Warrant be construed to confer upon the Holder, solely in its capacity as the Holder
of this Warrant, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote, give or withhold consent to any corporate action
(whether any reorganization, issue of stock, reclassification of stock, consolidation, merger, conveyance or otherwise), receive notice
of meetings, receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, prior to the issuance to the Holder of the Warrant Shares which
it is then entitled to receive upon the due exercise of this Warrant. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed
as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise) or as a stockholder
of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. Notwithstanding this Section 6,
the Company shall provide the Holder with copies of the same notices and other information given to the stockholders of the Company generally,
contemporaneously with the giving thereof to the stockholders.

10

7.
REISSUANCE.

(a)
Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Warrant. If this Warrant is lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed, the Company will, on such terms as
to indemnity or otherwise as it may reasonably impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Warrant, include the surrender thereof),
issue a new Warrant of like denomination and tenor as this Warrant so lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed.

(b)
Issuance of New Warrants. Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, such
new Warrant shall be of like tenor with this Warrant, and shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant which
is the same as the Issuance Date.

8.
TRANSFER. This Warrant shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit of
the Holder and its successors and assigns. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the rights, interests or obligations of the
Company hereunder may not be assigned, by operation of law or otherwise, in whole or in part, by the Company without the prior signed
written consent of the Holder, which consent may be withheld at the sole discretion of the Holder (any such assignment or transfer shall
be null and void if the Company does not obtain the prior signed written consent of the Holder). This Warrant or any of the severable
rights and obligations inuring to the benefit of or to be performed by Holder hereunder may be assigned by Holder to a third party, in
whole or in part, without the need to obtain the Companys consentthereto.

9.
NOTICES. Whenever notice is required to be given under this Warrant, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given
in accordance with the notice provisions contained in the Purchase Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written
notice (i) immediately upon any adjustment of the Exercise Price, setting forth in reasonable detail, the calculation of such adjustment
and (ii) at least 20 days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend
or distribution upon the shares of Common Stock, (B) with respect to any grants, issuances or sales of any stock or other securities
directly or indirectly convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock or other property, pro rata to the
holders of shares of Common Stock or (C) for determining rights to vote with respect to any Fundamental Transaction, dissolution or liquidation,
provided in each case that such information shall be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with such notice being provided
to the Holder.

10.
DISCLOSURE. Upon delivery by the Company to the Holder (or receipt by the Company from the Holder) of any notice in accordance
with the terms of this Warrant, unless the Company has in good faith determined that the matters relating to such notice do not constitute
material, non-public information relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the Company shall on or prior to 9:00 am, New York
city time on the Business Day immediately following such notice delivery date, publicly disclose such material, non-public information
on a Current Report on Form 8-K or otherwise. In the event that the Company believes that a notice contains material, non-public information
relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the Company so shall indicate to the Holder explicitly in writing in such notice
(or immediately upon receipt of notice from the Holder, as applicable), and in the absence of any such written indication in such notice
(or notification from the Company immediately upon receipt of notice from the Holder), the Holder shall be entitled to presume that information
contained in the notice does not constitute material, non-public information relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Nothing
contained in this Section 10 shall limit any obligations of the Company, or any rights of the Holder, under the Purchase Agreement.

11.
ABSENCE OF TRADING AND DISCLOSURE RESTRICTIONS. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Holder is not a fiduciary or agent
of the Company and that the Holder shall have no obligation to (a) maintain the confidentiality of any information provided by the Company
or (b) refrain from trading any securities while in possession of such information in the absence of a written non-disclosure agreement
signed by an officer of the Holder that explicitly provides for such confidentiality and trading restrictions. In the absence of such
an executed, written non-disclosure agreement and subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws, the Company acknowledges
that the Holder may freely trade in any securities issued by the Company, may possess and use any information provided by the Company
in connection with such trading activity, and may disclose any such information to any third party.

11

12.
AMENDMENT AND WAIVER. The terms of this Warrant may be amended or waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either
retroactively or prospectively) only with the signed written consent of the Company and the Holder.

13.
ARBITRATION OF CLAIMS; GOVERNING LAW; AND VENUE. The Company and Holder shall submit all Claims (as defined in Exhibit E of the
Purchase Agreement) (the Claims) arising under this Warrant or any other agreement between the parties and their affiliates
or any Claim relating to the relationship of the parties to binding arbitration pursuant to the arbitration provisions set forth in Exhibit
E of the Purchase Agreement (the Arbitration Provisions). The Company and Holder hereby acknowledge and agree that the
Arbitration Provisions are unconditionally binding on the Company and Holder hereto and are severable from all other provisions of this
Warrant. By executing this Warrant, Company represents, warrants and covenants that Company has reviewed the Arbitration Provisions carefully,
consulted with legal counsel about such provisions (or waived its right to do so), understands that the Arbitration Provisions are intended
to allow for the expeditious and efficient resolution of any dispute hereunder, agrees to the terms and limitations set forth in the
Arbitration Provisions, and that Company will not take a position contrary to the foregoing representations. The Company acknowledges
and agrees that Holder may rely upon the foregoing representations and covenants of the Company regarding the Arbitration Provisions.
This Warrant shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation
and performance of this Warrant shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Nevada, without giving effect to any choice of
law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Nevada or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application
of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Nevada. The Company and Holder consent to and expressly agree that the exclusive
venue for arbitration of any Claims arising under this Warrant or any other agreement between the Company and Holder or their respective
affiliates (including but not limited to the Transaction Documents) or any Claim relating to the relationship of the Company and Holder
or their respective affiliates shall be in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Without modifying the Companys and Holders
obligations to resolve disputes hereunder pursuant to the Arbitration Provisions, for any litigation arising in connection with any of
the Transaction Documents (and notwithstanding the terms (specifically including any governing law and venue terms) of any transfer agent
services agreement or other agreement between the Companys transfer agent and the Company, such litigation specifically includes,
without limitation any action between or involving Company and the Companys transfer agent under the Irrevocable Transfer Agent
Instructions (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) or otherwise related to Holder in any way (specifically including, without limitation,
any action where Company seeks to obtain an injunction, temporary restraining order, or otherwise prohibit the Companys transfer
agent from issuing shares of Common Stock to Holder for any reason)), each party hereto hereby (i) consents to and expressly submits
to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of any state or federal court sitting in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, (ii) expressly submits
to the exclusive venue of any such court for the purposes hereof, (iii) agrees to not bring any such action (specifically including,
without limitation, any action where Company seeks to obtain an injunction, temporary restraining order, or otherwise prohibit the Companys
transfer agent from issuing shares of Common Stock to Holder for any reason) outside of any state or federal court sitting in the Commonwealth
of Massachusetts, and (iv) waives any claim of improper venue and any claim or objection that such courts are an inconvenient forum or
any other claim, defense or objection to the bringing of any such proceeding in such jurisdiction or to any claim that such venue of
the suit, action or proceeding is improper. Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, nothing herein (i) shall limit,
or shall be deemed or construed to limit, the ability of the Holder to realize on any collateral or any other security, or the ability
of either party hereto to enforce a judgment or other court ruling in favor of such party, including through a legal action in any court
of competent jurisdiction, or (ii) shall limit, or shall be deemed or construed to limit, any provision of Section 15 of this Warrant.
Each party hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any objection to jurisdiction and venue
of any action instituted hereunder, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, and any claim
that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper
(including but not limited to based upon forum non conveniens). EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE,
AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS WARRANT
OR ANY TRANSACTIONS

CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY. Each party hereto irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action
or proceeding in connection with this Warrant or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby
by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address
in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and
notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted
by law. The prevailing party in any action or dispute brought in connection with this Warrant or any other agreement, certificate, instrument
or document contemplated hereby or thereby shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorneys fees and
costs. If any provision of this Warrant shall be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall
not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Warrant in that jurisdiction or the validity or enforceability of
any provision of this Warrant in any other jurisdiction.

12

14.
ACCEPTANCE. Receipt of this Warrant by the Holder shall constitute acceptance of and agreement to all of the terms and conditions
contained herein.

15.
DISPUTE RESOLUTION.

(a)
Submission to Dispute Resolution.

(i)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Warrant, in the case of a dispute relating to the Exercise Price, the Closing Sale Price,
the Closing Bid Price, Black Scholes Consideration Value, Event of Default Black Scholes Value, Black Scholes Value or fair market value
or the arithmetic calculation of the number of Warrant Shares (as the case may be) (including, without limitation, a dispute relating
to the determination of any of the foregoing) (the Warrant Calculations), the Company or the Holder (as the case may be)
shall submit the dispute to the other party via electronic mail (A) if by the Company, within two (2) Trading Days after the occurrence
of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute or (B) if by the Holder, at any time after the Holder learned of the circumstances giving
rise to such dispute. If the Holder and the Company are unable to agree upon such determination or calculation within two (2) Trading
Days following such initial notice by the Company or the Holder (as the case may be) of such dispute to the Company or the Holder (as
the case may be), then the Holder may, at its sole option, submit the dispute to an independent, reputable investment bank or independent,
outside accountant selected by the Holder (the Independent Third Party), and the Company shall pay all expenses of such
Independent Third Party.

(ii)
The Holder and the Company shall each deliver to such Independent Third Party (A) a copy of the initial dispute submission so delivered
in accordance with the first sentence of this Section 15(a) and (B) written documentation supporting its position with respect to such
dispute, in each case, no later than 5:00 p.m. (New York time) by second (2nd) Business Day immediately following the date on which the
Holder selected such Independent Third Party (the Dispute Submission Deadline) (the documents referred to in the immediately
preceding clauses (A) and (B) are collectively referred to herein as the Required Dispute Documentation) (it being understood
and agreed that if either the Holder or the Company fails to so deliver all of the Required Dispute Documentation by the Dispute Submission
Deadline, then the party who fails to so submit all of the Required Dispute Documentation shall no longer be entitled to (and hereby
waives its right to) deliver or submit any written documentation or other support to such Independent Third Party with respect to such
dispute and such Independent Third Party shall resolve such dispute based solely on the Required Dispute Documentation that was delivered
to such Independent Third Party prior to the Dispute Submission Deadline). Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by both the Company
and the Holder or otherwise requested by such Independent Third Party, neither the Company nor the Holder shall be entitled to deliver
or submit any written documentation or other support to such Independent Third Party in connection with such dispute, other than the
Required Dispute Documentation.

13

(iii)
The Company and the Holder shall cause such Independent Third Party to determine the resolution of such dispute and notify the Company
and the Holder of such resolution no later than five (5) Business Days immediately following the Dispute Submission Deadline. The fees
and expenses of such Independent Third Party shall be borne solely by the Company, and such Independent Third Partys resolution
of such dispute shall be final and binding upon all parties absent manifest error.

(b)
Miscellaneous. The Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) this Section 15 constitutes an agreement to arbitrate between
the Company and the Holder (and constitutes an arbitration agreement) under the rules then in effect under the Nevada Rules of Civil
Procedure (NRCP) and that the Holder is authorized to apply for an order to compel arbitration pursuant to the NRCP in
order to compel compliance with this Section 15, (ii) a dispute relating to the Warrant Calculations includes, without limitation, disputes
as to (A) whether an issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale of Common Stock occurred under Section 2 of this Warrant, (B) the consideration
per share at which an issuance or deemed issuance of Common Stock occurred, (C) whether any issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale
of Common Stock was an issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale, (D) whether an agreement, instrument, security or the like constitutes
an Option or Convertible Security and (E) whether a Dilutive Issuance occurred, (iii) the terms of this Warrant and each other applicable
Transaction Document shall serve as the basis for the selected Independent Third Partys resolution of the applicable dispute,
such Independent Third Party shall be entitled (and is hereby expressly authorized) to make all findings, determinations and the like
that such Independent Third Party determines are required to be made by such Independent Third Party in connection with its resolution
of such dispute (including, without limitation, determining (A) whether an issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale of Common Stock
occurred under Section 2 of this Warrant, (B) the consideration per share at which an issuance or deemed issuance of Common Stock occurred,
(C) whether any issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale of Common Stock was an issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale, (D) whether
an agreement, instrument, security or the like constitutes an Option or Convertible Security and (E) whether a Dilutive Issuance occurred)
and in resolving such dispute such Independent Third Party shall apply such findings, determinations and the like to the terms of this
Warrant and any other applicable Transaction Documents, and (iv) nothing in this Section 15 shall limit the Holder from obtaining any
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies (including, without limitation, with respect to any matters described in this Section 15).

16.
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS. For purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a)
Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled
by, or is under common control with, such Person, it being understood for purposes of this definition that control of a
Person means the power directly or indirectly either to vote 10% or more of the stock having ordinary voting power for the election of
directors of such Person or direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by contract or otherwise.

(b)
Black Scholes Consideration Value means the value of the applicable Option, Convertible Security or Adjustment Right
(as the case may be) as of the date of issuance thereof calculated using the Black Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV
function on Bloomberg utilizing (i) an underlying price per share equal to the Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Trading
Day immediately preceding the public announcement of the execution of definitive documents with respect to the issuance of such Option
or Convertible Security (as the case may be), (ii) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal
to the remaining term of such Option, Convertible Security or Adjustment Right (as the case may be) as of the date of issuance of such
Option, Convertible Security or Adjustment Right (as the case may be), (iii) a zero cost of borrow and (iv) an expected volatility equal
to the greater of 100% and the 30 day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365
day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the date of issuance of such Option, Convertible Security or Adjustment
Right (as the case may be).

14

(c)
Black Scholes Value means the value of the unexercised portion of this Warrant remaining on the date of the Holders
request pursuant to Section 4(c)(i), which value is calculated using the Black Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV
function on Bloomberg utilizing (i) an underlying price per share equal to the greater of (1) the highest Closing Sale Price of the Common
Stock during the period beginning on the Trading Day immediately preceding the announcement of the applicable Change of Control (or the
consummation of the applicable Change of Control, if earlier) and ending on the Trading Day of the Holders request pursuant to
Section 4(c)(i) and (2) the sum of the price per share being offered in cash in the applicable Change of Control (if any) plus the value
of the non-cash consideration being offered in the applicable Change of Control (if any), (ii) a strike price equal to the Exercise Price
in effect on the date of the Holders request pursuant to Section 4(c)(i), (iii) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the
U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the greater of (1) the remaining term of this Warrant as of the date of the Holders request
pursuant to Section 4(c)(i) and (2) the remaining term of this Warrant as of the date of consummation of the applicable Change of Control
or as of the date of the Holders request pursuant to Section 4(c)(i) if such request is prior to the date of the consummation
of the applicable Change of Control, (iv) a zero cost of borrow and (v) an expected volatility equal to the greater of 100% and the 30
day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365 day annualization factor) as of
the Trading Day immediately following the earliest to occur of (A) the public disclosure of the applicable Change of Control and (B)
the date of the Holders request pursuant to Section 4(c)(i).

(d)
Bloomberg means Bloomberg, L.P.

(e)
Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in the State of Nevada
are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be
deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential
employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental
authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in the State of Nevada
generally are open for use by customers on such day.

(f)
Change of Control means any Fundamental Transaction other than (i) any merger of the Company or any of its, direct
or indirect, wholly-owned Subsidiaries with or into any of the foregoing Persons, (ii) any reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification
of the shares of Common Stock in which holders of the Companys voting power immediately prior to such reorganization, recapitalization
or reclassification continue after such reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification to hold publicly traded securities and,
directly or indirectly, are, in all material respects, the holders of the voting power of the surviving entity (or entities with the
authority or voting power to elect the members of the board of directors (or their equivalent if other than a corporation) of such entity
or entities) after such reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification, (iii) pursuant to a migratory merger effected solely for
the purpose of changing the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (iv) bone fide arms length
acquisitions by the Company with one or more third parties as long as holders of the Companys voting power as of the Issuance
Date continue after such acquisition to hold publicly traded securities and, directly or indirectly, are, in all material respects, the
holders of at least 51% of the voting power of the surviving entity (or entities with the authority or voting power to elect the members
of the board of directors (or their equivalent if other than a corporation) of such entity or entities) after such acquisition.

(g)
Closing Bid Price and Closing Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, (i) the last
closing bid price and last closing trade price, respectively, for such security on the Principal Market, as reported by Quotestream or
other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, or, if the Principal Market begins to operate on an extended hours
basis and does not designate the closing trade price, then the last trade price of such security prior to 4:00 p.m., New York time, as
reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, or (ii) if the foregoing does not apply,
the last trade price of such security in the over-the-counter market for such security as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation
service provider designated by the Holder, or (iii) if no last trade price is reported for such security by Quotestream or other similar
quotation service provider designated by the Holder, the average of the bid and ask prices of any market makers for such security as
reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder. If the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated
for a security on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Sale Price of such security on such date shall be the
fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. If the Company and the Holder are unable to agree upon the fair
market value of such security, then such dispute shall be resolved in accordance with the procedures in Section 15. All such determinations
to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination or other similar transaction during the applicable
calculation period.

15

(h)
Common Stock means the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001, and any other class of securities into which
such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

(i)
Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company that would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at
any time Common Stock, including without limitation any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

(j)
Convertible Securities means any stock or other security (other than Options) that is at any time and under any
circumstances, directly or indirectly, convertible into, exercisable or exchangeable for, or which otherwise entitles the holder thereof
to acquire, any shares of Common Stock.

(k)
Eligible Market means The New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq
Global Market, Nasdaq Capital Market, or equivalent national securities exchange.

(l)
Event Market Price means, with respect to any Stock Combination Event Date, the quotient determined by dividing
(x) the sum of the VWAP of the Common Stock for each of the five (5) lowest Trading Days during the twenty (20) consecutive Trading Day
period ending and including the Trading Day immediately preceding the sixteenth (16th) Trading Day after such Stock Combination Event
Date, divided by (y) five (5). All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination,
recapitalization or other similar transaction during such period.

(m)
Event of Default Black Scholes Value means the value of the unexercised portion of this Warrant remaining on the
date of the Holders request pursuant to Section 4(c)(ii), which value is calculated using the Black Scholes Option Pricing Model
obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg utilizing (i) an underlying price per share equal to the highest Closing Sale
Price of the Common Stock during the period beginning on the date of the occurrence of the Event of Default through the date that the
Note is extinguished in the entirety or, if earlier, the Trading Day of the Holders request pursuant to Section 4(c)(ii), (ii)
a strike price equal to the Exercise Price in effect on the date of the Holders request pursuant to Section 4(c)(ii), (iii) a
risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the greater of (1) the remaining term of this Warrant
as of the date of the Holders request pursuant to Section 4(c)(ii) and (2) the remaining term of this Warrant as of the date of
the occurrence of such Event of Default, (iv) a zero cost of borrow and (v) an expected volatility equal to the greater of 100% and the
30 day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365 day annualization factor) as
of the Trading Day immediately following later of (x) the date of the occurrence of such Event of Default and (y) the date of the public
announcement of such Event of Default.

(n)
Excluded Issuance means the issuance or deemed issuance of shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to directors or officers
of the Company pursuant to an equity compensation program approved by the Board of Directors of the Company.

(o)
Options means any rights, warrants or options to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock or Convertible
Securities.

16

(p)
Fundamental Transaction means (A) that the Company shall, directly or indirectly, including through subsidiaries,
Affiliates or otherwise, in one or more related transactions, (i) consolidate or merge with or into (whether or not the Company is the
surviving corporation) another Subject Entity, or (ii) sell, assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all
of the properties or assets of the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries (as defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation
S-X) to one or more Subject Entities, or (iii) make, or allow one or more Subject Entities to make, or allow the Company to be subject
to or have its Common Stock be subject to or party to one or more Subject Entities making, a purchase, tender or exchange offer that
is accepted by the holders of at least either (x) 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, (y) 50% of the outstanding shares of
Common Stock calculated as if any shares of Common Stock held by all Subject Entities making or party to, or Affiliated with any Subject
Entities making or party to, such purchase, tender or exchange offer were not outstanding; or (z) such number of shares of Common Stock
such that all Subject Entities making or party to, or Affiliated with any Subject Entity making or party to, such purchase, tender or
exchange offer, become collectively the beneficial owners (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act) of at least 50% of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock, or (iv) consummate a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation,
a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with one or more Subject Entities whereby all such Subject Entities,
individually or in the aggregate, acquire, either (x) at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, (y) at least 50% of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock calculated as if any shares of Common Stock held by all the Subject Entities making or party to, or
Affiliated with any Subject Entity making or party to, such stock purchase agreement or other business combination were not outstanding;
or (z) such number of shares of Common Stock such that the Subject Entities become collectively the beneficial owners (as defined in
Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act) of at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, or (v) reorganize, recapitalize or reclassify
its Common Stock, (B) that the Company shall, directly or indirectly, including through subsidiaries, Affiliates or otherwise, in one
or more related transactions, allow any Subject Entity individually or the Subject Entities in the aggregate to be or become the beneficial
owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act), directly or indirectly, whether through acquisition, purchase, assignment,
conveyance, tender, tender offer, exchange, reduction in outstanding shares of Common Stock, merger, consolidation, business combination,
reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, scheme of arrangement, reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification or otherwise
in any manner whatsoever, of either (x) at least 50% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and outstanding Common
Stock, (y) at least 50% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and outstanding Common Stock not held by all such
Subject Entities as of the date of this Warrant calculated as if any shares of Common Stock held by all such Subject Entities were not
outstanding, or (z) a percentage of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock
or other equity securities of the Company sufficient to allow such Subject Entities to effect a statutory short form merger or other
transaction requiring other shareholders of the Company to surrender their shares of Common Stock without approval of the shareholders
of the Company or (C) directly or indirectly, including through subsidiaries, Affiliates or otherwise, in one or more related transactions,
the issuance of or the entering into any other instrument or transaction structured in a manner to circumvent, or that circumvents, the
intent of this definition in which case this definition shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity
with the terms of this definition to the extent necessary to correct this definition or any portion of this definition which may be defective
or inconsistent with the intended treatment of such instrument or transaction.

(q)
Parent Entity of a Person means an entity that, directly or indirectly, controls the applicable Person and whose
common stock or equivalent equity security is quoted or listed on an Eligible Market, or, if there is more than one such Person or Parent
Entity, the Person or Parent Entity with the largest public market capitalization as of the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction.

(r)
Person and Persons means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint
venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other entity and any governmental entity or any department or agency
thereof.

(s)
Principal Market means the principal securities exchange or trading market where such Common Stock is listed or
quoted, including but not limited to any tier of the OTC Markets, any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market (including NASDAQ Capital Market),
or the NYSE American, or any successor to such markets.

(t)
Market Price means the highest traded price of the Common Stock during the thirty Trading Days prior to the date
of the respective Exercise Notice.

(u)
Successor Entity means the Person (or, if so elected by the Holder, the Parent Entity) formed by, resulting from
or surviving any Fundamental Transaction or the Person (or, if so elected by the Holder, the Parent Entity) with which such Fundamental
Transaction shall have been entered into.

17

(v)
Trading Day means any day on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted on its Principal Market, provided, however,
that if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted on any Principal Market, then any calendar day.

(w)
VWAP means, for any security as of any date, the dollar volume-weighted average price for such security on the Principal
Market (or, if the Principal Market is not the principal trading market for such security, then on the principal securities exchange
or securities market on which such security is then traded), during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00
p.m., New York time, as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder through its VAP
function (set to 09:30 start time and 16:00 end time) or, if the foregoing does not apply, the dollar volume-weighted average price of
such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m.,
New York time, and ending at 4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated
by the Holder, or, if no dollar volume-weighted average price is reported for such security by Quotestream or other similar quotation
service provider designated by the Holder for such hours, the average of the highest closing bid price and the lowest closing ask price
of any of the market makers for such security as reported in The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to
its functions of reporting prices). If the VWAP cannot be calculated for such security on such date on any of the foregoing bases, the
VWAP of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. If the Company
and the Holder are unable to agree upon the fair market value of such security, then such dispute shall be resolved in accordance with
the procedures in Section 15. All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination,
recapitalization or other similar transaction during such period.

*
* * * * * *

18

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set forth above.

CLEAN ENERGY TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

/s/
Kambiz Mahdi

Name: Kambiz Mahdi

Title: Chief Executive Officer

EXHIBIT
A

EXERCISE
NOTICE

(To
be executed by the registered holder to exercise this Common Stock Purchase Warrant)

THE
UNDERSIGNED holder hereby exercises the right to purchase of the shares of Common Stock (Warrant Shares) of CLEAN ENERGY
TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Nevada corporation (the Company), evidenced by the attached copy of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant
(the Warrant). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in
the Warrant.

1. Form of Exercise Price.
The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall be made as (check one):

a cash exercise with respect to_______________ Warrant Shares; or

by cashless exercise pursuant to the Warrant.

2. Payment of Exercise Price.
If cash exercise is selected above, the holder shall pay the applicable Aggregate Exercise Price in the sum of $________________ to
the Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

3. Delivery of Warrant Shares.
The Company shall deliver to the holder______________ Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

Date:_____________________________ 

(Print Name of
Registered Holder)

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

EXHIBIT
B

ASSIGNMENT
OF WARRANT

(To
be signed only upon authorized transfer of the Warrant)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns, and transfers unto the right to purchase shares of common stock of CLEAN ENERGY
TECHNOLOGIES, INC., to which the within Common Stock Purchase Warrant relates and appoints , as attorney-in-fact, to transfer said right
on the books of CLEAN ENERGY TECHNOLOGIES, INC. with full power of substitution and re-substitution in the premises. By accepting such
transfer, the transferee has agreed to be bound in all respects by the terms and conditions of the within Warrant.

Dated:_____________________ 

(Signature) *

(Name)

(Address)

(Social Security or Tax
Identification No.)

*
The signature on this Assignment of Warrant must correspond to the name as written upon the face of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant
in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever. When signing on behalf of a corporation, partnership,
trust or other entity, please indicate your position(s) and title(s) with such entity.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>cety-20250116.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>cety-20250116_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>cety-20250116_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 16, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 16, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41654

Entity Registrant Name Clean
Energy Technologies, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001329606

Entity Tax Identification Number 20-2675800

Entity Address, Address Line One 1340
Reynolds Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two Unit
120

Entity Address, City or Town Irvine

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 92614

City Area Code (949)

Local Phone Number 273-4990

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $0.001

Trading Symbol CETY

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://cetyinc.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cety-20250116.xsd 
cety-20250116_lab.xml 
cety-20250116_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-003246-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001329606 

2025-01-16 
2025-01-16 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001329606 
8-K 
2025-01-16 
Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. 
001-41654 
20-2675800 
1340 Reynolds Avenue 
Unit 120 
Irvine 
CA 
92614 
(949) 
273-4990 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 
CETY 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>