<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001829126-25-001935.txt : 20250320
<SEC-HEADER>0001829126-25-001935.hdr.sgml : 20250320
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250320163708
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829126-25-001935
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		28
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250314
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250320
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250320

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Quartzsea Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002047455
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1130

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42555
		FILM NUMBER:		25757029

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 331
		STREET 2:		1185 6TH AVE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-612-1400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 331
		STREET 2:		1185 6TH AVE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>quartzsea_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--11-30000204745500020474552025-03-142025-03-140002047455CIK0002047455:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneOrdinaryShareAndOneRightMember2025-03-142025-03-140002047455CIK0002047455:OrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-03-142025-03-140002047455CIK0002047455:RightsEachRightEntitlingHolderToReceiveOnefifthOfOneOrdinaryShareMember2025-03-142025-03-14iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 20, 2025 (March 14, 2025)

Quartzsea Acquisition Corporation

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Cayman Islands 6770000-00000 00-0000000N/A

(State or other jurisdiction 

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer 

Identification No.)

1185 Avenue of the Americas, Suite 304

New York, NY 10036

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (212)612-1400

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation to the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of exchange on which registered

Units, each consisting of one ordinary share and one right QSEAU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share QSEA The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Rights, each right entitling the holder to receive one-fifth of one ordinary share QSEAR The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On March 19, 2025, Quartzsea
Acquisition Corporation (the Company) consummated its initial public offering (the IPO) of 7,200,000 units
(the Units). In connection with the closing of the IPO, the underwriter fully exercised its over-allotment option to purchase
1,080,000 additional Units (the OA Option) for an aggregate of 8,280,000 Units sold. Each Unit consists of one ordinary
share, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the Ordinary Shares) and one right to receive one-fifth (1/5) of one
Ordinary Share upon the consummation of the Companys initial business combination the (Rights). The Units were sold at an
offering price of $10.00 per Unit, generating total gross proceeds of $82,800,000.

In connection therewith and the closing of the IPO, the Company entered into the following agreements, the forms of which were previously filed as exhibits to the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333- 285152) related to the IPO, originally filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on February 24, 2025 (the Registration Statement) and declared effective by the Commission on March 14, 2025:

Underwriting
Agreement, dated March 17, 2025, by and between the Company and SPAC Advisory Partners (the Underwriting Agreement),
a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 1.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference;

Rights
Agreement, dated March 18, 2025, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as rights
agent, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 4.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference;

Letter
Agreement, dated March 17, 2025, by and among the Company, its officers and directors, and Blue Jay Investment LLC (the
Sponsor), a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference;

Investment
Management Trust Agreement, dated March 17, 2025, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust
Company, as trustee, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.2 hereto and incorporated herein by reference;

Registration
Rights Agreement, dated March 18, 2025, by and between the Company and the Sponsor, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit
10.3 hereto and incorporated herein by reference;

Indemnity Agreement, dated
March 14, 2025, by and between the Company and Qi Gong, a form of which is filed as Exhibit 10.4 hereto and incorporated herein
by reference;

Indemnity Agreement, dated
March 14, 2025, by and between the Company and Wei (Victor) Zhang, a form of which is filed as Exhibit 10.4 hereto and incorporated
herein by reference;

Indemnity Agreement, dated
March 14, 2025, by and between the Company and Daniel M. McCabe, a form of which is filed as Exhibit 10.4 hereto and incorporated
herein by reference;

Indemnity Agreement, dated
March 14, 2025, by and between the Company and Ping Zhang, a form of which is filed as Exhibit 10.4 hereto and incorporated
herein by reference;

Share
Escrow Agreement, dated March 18, 2025, by and by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company
a copy of which form is filed as Exhibit 10.5 hereto and incorporated herein by reference; and

Subscription
Agreement, dated November 5, 2024, as amended, by and between the Company and the Sponsor on February 12, 2025 and
March 17, 2025, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.6 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

Private
Placement Unit Purchase Agreement, dated March 18, 2025, by and between the Company and the Sponsor, a copy of which is filed as
Exhibit 10.7 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

Simultaneously with the consummation
of the IPO and the sale of the Units, the Company consummated the private placement (the Private Placement) of 231,900 Units
(the Placement Units), each Placement Unit consisting of one Ordinary Share and one Right, to the Sponsor at a price of
$10.00 per Placement Unit, generating total proceeds of $2,319,000. The Placement Units (and the underlying securities) are identical
to the Units sold in the IPO and the OA Option, except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement. No underwriting discounts
or commissions were paid with respect to such sale. The issuance of the Placement Units was made pursuant to the exemption from registration
contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

1

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain
Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On March 14, 2025, in connection
with the IPO, Wei (Victor) Zhang, Daniel M. McCabe and Ping Zhang (collectively, the Directors)
were appointed to the board of directors of the Company (the Board). Effective
March 14, 2025, each of Wei (Victor) Zhang, Daniel McCabe and Ping Zhang were also appointed to the Boards Audit Committee and
Compensation Committee.

The directors will be
reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on the Companys behalf such as identifying potential
target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations.

Other than the foregoing,
none of the Directors is party to any arrangement or understanding with any person pursuant to which they were appointed as directors,
nor is any Director party to any transaction required to be disclosed under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K involving the Company.

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws.

On March 14, 2025, the Company adopted its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. The Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association is filed as Exhibit 3.1 hereto and incorporated by reference herein.

Item 8.01 Other Events.

A total of $82,800,000 of
the net proceeds from the IPO, OA Option, and the Private Placement were placed in a U.S.-based trust account established for the benefit
of the Companys public shareholders and maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as trustee. Except
with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes (less up to
$50,000 of interest to pay liquidation and dissolution expenses), the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association and
the trust agreement among the company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company provide that the proceeds from this offering
will not be released from the trust account until the earliest of (a) the completion of our initial business combination; (b) the redemption
of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association to (i) modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our public shares in connection
with an initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within
the combination period or (ii) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business
combination activity; and (c) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete our initial business combination, subject
to applicable law.

Copies of the press releases issued by the Company announcing the pricing of the IPO and the closing of the IPO are filed as Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2, respectively, hereto and incorporated by reference herein.

2

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits. The following exhibits are filed with this Form 8-K:

Exhibit No. Description

1.1 

Underwriting Agreement, dated March 17, 2025, by and between the Company and SPAC Advisory Partners a division of Kingswood Capital Partners, LLC

3.1 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association

4.1 Rights Agreement, dated March 18, 2025 by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

10.1 

Letter Agreement, dated March 17, 2025, by and among the Company, its officers and directors, and Blue Jay Investment LLC

10.2 

Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated March 17, 2025, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

10.3 Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 18, 2025, by and between the Company and Blue Jay Investment LLC

10.4 

Form of Indemnity Agreement, dated March 14, 2025, by and between the Company and each director and officer of the Company

10.5 Subscription Agreement, as amended, by and between the Company and Blue Jay Investment LLC

10.6 Share Escrow Agreement, dated March 18, 2025, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

10.7 Private Placement Unit Purchase Agreement, dated March 18, 2025, by and between the Company and the Sponsor

99.1 

Press Release Announcing Pricing of IPO

99.2 Press Release Announcing Closing of IPO

3

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Quartzsea Acquisition Corporation

Date: March 20, 2025 By: /s/ Qi Gong

Name: Qi Gong

Title: Chief Executive Officer

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>quartzsea_ex1-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 1.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

QUARTZSEA ACQUISITION CORPORATION

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

New York, New York

March 17, 2025

SPAC Advisory Partners,

a division of Kingswood Capital Partners LLC

5900 Balcones Drive, Suite 100

Austin, Texas 78731

As Representative of the Underwriters

named on Schedule A hereto

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Quartzsea Acquisition Corporation, a Cayman Islands exempted corporation (the Company), hereby confirms its agreement with SPAC Advisory Partners, a division of Kingswood Capital Partners LLC (the Representative), as representative of the several underwriters named on Schedule A hereto (the Underwriters or, each underwriter individually, an Underwriter), as follows:

1. Purchase and Sale of Securities.

1.1 Firm Securities.

1.1.1 Purchase of Firm Units. On the basis of the representations and warranties contained herein, but subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, the Company agrees to issue and sell to the several Underwriters, severally and not jointly, and the Underwriters agree to purchase from the Company, severally and not jointly, an aggregate of 7,200,000 units (the Firm Units) of the Company, as set forth opposite the respective names of the Underwriters on Schedule A hereto, at a purchase price of $9.92917 per Firm Unit. The Firm Units are to be offered initially to the public (the Offering) at the offering price of $10.00 per Firm Unit. Each Firm Unit consists of one ordinary share of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Ordinary Share(s)) and one right to receive one-fifth (1/5) of one Ordinary Share (the Right) upon the consummation by the Company of a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization, or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination). The Ordinary Shares and Rights included in the Firm Units will trade separately on the fifty-second (52nd) day following the date hereof unless the Representative determines to allow earlier separate trading. Notwithstanding the immediately preceding sentence, in no event will the Ordinary Shares and Rights included in the Firm Units trade separately until (i) the Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a Current Report on Form 8-K that includes an audited balance sheet reflecting the Companys receipt of the proceeds of the Offering and the Private Placement (as defined in Section 1.4.2) and updated financial information with respect to any proceeds the Company receives from the exercise of the Over-allotment Option (defined below) if such option is exercised prior to the filing of the Form 8-K, and (ii) the Company has filed with the Commission a Current Report on Form 8-K and issued a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin.

1.1.2 Payment and Delivery. Delivery and payment
for the Firm Units shall be made at 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on March 19, 2025, or at such earlier time as shall be agreed upon
by the Representative and the Company, at the offices of Holland & Knight LLP, counsel to the Underwriters (HK), or
at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Representative and the Company. The hour and date of delivery and payment for the
Firm Units is called the Closing Date. Payment for the Firm Units shall be made on the Closing Date by wire transfer in
Federal (same day) funds. The Company shall receive an aggregate of approximately $74,242,500 from the sale of the Firm Units and the
sale of Private Placement Units (as defined in Section 1.4.2) of which $72,000,000 shall be deposited in the trust account (Trust
Account) established by the Company for the benefit of the Public Shareholders (as defined below), as described in the Registration
Statement (as defined in Section 2.1.1) pursuant to the terms of an Investment Management Trust Agreement (the Trust Agreement)
between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (CST). The funds deposited in the Trust Account
shall include an aggregate of $2,880,000 ($0.40 per Firm Unit), payable to the Underwriters as Deferred Underwriting Commission, in accordance
with Section 1.3 hereof. The remaining proceeds (less commissions and actual expense payments or other fees payable pursuant to this
Agreement), if any, shall be paid to the order of the Company upon delivery to the Representative of certificates (in form and substance
satisfactory to the Representative) representing the Firm Units (or through the facilities of the Depository Trust Company (DTC))
for the account of the Underwriters. The Firm Units shall be registered in such name or names and in such authorized denominations as
the Representative may request in writing at least two (2) full Business Days prior to the Closing Date. The Company will permit the
Representative to examine and package the Firm Units for delivery, at least one (1) full Business Day prior to the Closing Date. The
Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver any of the Firm Units except upon tender of payment by the Representative for all the
Firm Units. As used herein, the term Public Shareholders means the holders of the Ordinary Shares sold as part of the Units
in the Offering or acquired in the aftermarket, including the Sponsor (defined below) to the extent the Sponsor acquires such Ordinary
Shares in the aftermarket (and solely with respect to such Ordinary Shares). Business Day means any day other than Saturday,
Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, however,
for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home,
shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any
physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including
for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally are open for use by customers on such day.

1.2 Over-Allotment Option.

1.2.1 Option Units. The Representative is hereby granted an option (the Over-allotment Option) to purchase up to an additional 1,080,000 units (the Option Units), the proceeds of which will be deposited in the Trust Account, for the purposes of covering any over-allotments in connection with the distribution and sale of the Firm Units. Such Option Units shall be identical in all respects to the Firm Units. Such Option Units shall be purchased for each account of the several Underwriters in the same proportion as the number of Firm Units, set forth opposite such Underwriters name on Schedule A hereto, bears to the total number of Firm Units (subject to adjustment by the Representative to eliminate fractions). The Firm Units and the Option Units are hereinafter collectively referred to as the Units, and the Units, the Ordinary Shares and Rights included in the Units, and the Ordinary Shares issuable upon the conversion of the Rights are hereinafter referred to collectively as the Public Securities. No Option Units shall be sold or delivered unless the Firm Units previously have been, or simultaneously are, sold and delivered. The right to purchase the Option Units, or any portion thereof, may be exercised from time to time and to the extent not previously exercised may be surrendered and terminated at any time upon notice by the Representative to the Company. The purchase price to be paid for each Option Unit will be the same price per Firm Unit set forth in Section 1.1.1 hereof.

1.2.2 Exercise of Option. The Over-allotment Option granted pursuant to Section 1.2.1 hereof may be exercised by the Representative as to all (at any time) or any part (from time to time) of the Option Units within forty-five (45) days after the effective date (Effective Date) of the Registration Statement (as defined in Section 2.1.1 hereof). The Underwriters will not be under any obligation to purchase any Option Units prior to the exercise of the Over-allotment Option. The Over-allotment Option granted hereby may be exercised by the giving of oral notice to the Company by the Representative, which must be confirmed in accordance with Section 10.1 herein setting forth the number of Option Units to be purchased and the date and time for delivery of and payment for the Option Units (the Option Closing Date), which will not be later than five (5) full Business Days after the date of the notice or such other time and in such other manner as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representative, at the offices of HK or at such other place (including remotely by facsimile or other electronic transmission) as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representative. If such delivery and payment for the Option Units does not occur on the Closing Date, the Option Closing Date will be as set forth in the notice. Upon exercise of the Over-allotment Option, the Company will become obligated to convey to the Underwriters, and, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Underwriters will become obligated to purchase, the number of Option Units specified in such notice.

2

1.2.3 Payment and Delivery. Payment for the Option Units shall be made on the Option Closing Date by wire transfer in Federal (same day) funds, payable upon delivery to the Representative of certificates (in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative) representing the Option Units (or through the facilities of DTC) for the account of the Representative. The amount to be deposited in the Trust Account for the Option Units on the Option Closing Date will be $10.00 per Unit, including: (i) the purchase price (net of discounts and commissions) of $9.52917 per Option Unit, (ii) $0.40 per Option Unit, payable to the Underwriters, as Deferred Underwriting Commission, in accordance with Section 1.3 hereof, and (iii) $0.07083 per Option Unit as part of the proceeds from the Sponsor in connection with the Private Placement set forth in Section 1.4.2. The certificates representing the Option Units to be delivered will be in such denominations and registered in such names as the Representative requests in writing not less than two full Business Days prior to the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, and will be made available to the Representative for inspection, checking and packaging at the aforesaid office of the Companys transfer agent or correspondent not less than one full Business Day prior to such Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver the Option Units except upon tender of payment by the Underwriters for applicable Option Units.

1.3 Deferred Underwriting Commission. The Underwriters agree that 4.00% of the gross proceeds from the sale of the Firm Units ($2,880,000) and the Option Units (up to $432,000), if any (collectively, the Deferred Underwriting Commission), will be deposited and held in the Trust Account and payable directly from the Trust Account, without accrued interest, to the Underwriters for their own accounts upon consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination. The Underwriters hereby agree that the Deferred Underwriting Commission shall be paid upon the closing of a Business Combination solely from amounts remaining in the Trust Account following all properly submitted shareholder redemption in connection with the consummation of the initial Business Combination and such Deferred Underwriting Commission shall be capped at such amount so remaining in the Trust Account. Each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, reserves the right in its sole discretion to waive the Deferred Underwriting Commission at any time prior to the initial Business Combination by providing written notice to the Company. In the event that the Company is unable to consummate a Business Combination and CST, as the trustee of the Trust Account (in this context, the Trustee), commences liquidation of the Trust Account as provided in the Trust Agreement, the Underwriters agree that: (i) they shall forfeit any rights or claims to the Deferred Underwriting Commission; and (ii) the Deferred Underwriting Commission, together with all other amounts on deposit in the Trust Account, shall be distributed on a pro-rata basis among the Public Shareholders.

1.4 Private Placements.

1.4.1 Founder Shares. The Company issued 2,898,000 Ordinary Shares (the Founder Shares) to Blue Jay Investment LLC (the Sponsor), for an aggregate consideration of $25,000 in a private placement exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act). No underwriting discounts, commissions, or placement fees have been or will be payable in connection with the purchase of the Founder Shares. Except as described in the Registration Statement, none of the Founder Shares may be sold, assigned or transferred by the Sponsor, directors of the Company, officers of the Company, or any holders of the Founder Shares prior to consummation of the Offering (or their permitted transferees) (the Initial Shareholders) for a time period ending on the date that is the earlier of (A) one hundred eighty (180) days following the consummation of an initial Business Combination or (B) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction after its initial Business Combination that results in all of the Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their Ordinary Shares for cash, securities or other property. The Founder Shares shall be subject to restrictions on transfer as set forth in the Insider Letter (as defined in Section 2.21.1 herein). The holders of Founder Shares shall have no right to any liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any portion of the Founder Shares in the event the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the time frame provided in the Prospectus (as defined below). The holders of the Founder Shares shall not have redemption rights with respect to the Founder Shares. In the event that the Over-allotment Option is not exercised in full, the Sponsor will be required to forfeit such number of Founder Shares (up to 378,000 Founder Shares) such that the Founder Shares then outstanding will comprise 35% of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company (excluding any shares included in the Placement Units (as defined below) and assuming the Sponsor does not purchase any Units in this Offering) after giving effect to the Offering and exercise, if any, of the Over-allotment Option.

1.4.2 Private Placement. Simultaneously with
the Closing Date, the Sponsor will purchase from the Company pursuant to a Private Placement Unit Purchase Agreement (as defined in Section
2.21.2 below) an aggregate of 224,250 private placement units (up to 231,900 private placement units if the Over-allotment Option is
exercised) (the Private Placement Units). Each Private Placement Unit consists of one Ordinary Share (the Private
Placement Share(s)) and one Right (the Private Placement Right(s)), at a purchase price of $10.00 per Private Placement
Unit ($2,242,500 in the aggregate ($2,319,000 if the Over-allotment Option is exercised) in a private placement (the Private Placement)
intended to be exempt from registration under the Act pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Act. The Private Placement Rights are identical
to the Rights sold as part of the Units in the Offering, subject to limited exceptions. Each Private Placement Right entitles the holder
thereof to receive one-fifth (1/5th) of one Ordinary Share upon consummation of our initial Business Combination. The terms of the Private
Placement Units are as described in the Prospectus (as defined in Section 2.1.1 below. Simultaneously with the closing of the Over-allotment
Option, the Sponsor will purchase from the Company pursuant to a Private Placement Unit Purchase Agreement up to an additional 7,650
Private Placement Units at a purchase price of $10.00 per Private Placement Unit, intended to be exempt from registration under the Act
pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Act.

3

The proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units shall be deposited into the Trust Account pursuant to the terms of the Private Placement Unit Purchase Agreement.

1.4.3 The Private Placement Shares, Private Placement Rights, the Ordinary Shares receivable from the Private Placement Rights, and the Private Placement Units are hereinafter referred to collectively as the Private Placement Securities. No underwriting discounts, commissions, or placement fees have been or will be payable in connection with the Private Placement Securities sold in the Private Placement. The Private Placement Units are identical to the Units except that none of the Private Placement Securities may be sold, assigned or transferred by the Sponsor, or its permitted transferees until thirty (30) days after consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination. The Public Securities, the Private Placement Securities, and the Founder Shares are hereinafter referred to collectively as the Securities.

1.5 Working Capital. Upon consummation of the Offering, approximately $1,052,500 of the net proceeds from the sale of Units and Private Placement Units will be released to the Company and held outside of the Trust Account to fund the working capital requirements of the Company.

1.6 Interest Income. Prior to the Companys consummation of a Business Combination or the Companys liquidation, interest earned on the Trust Account may be released to the Company from the Trust Account in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement to (i) pay any taxes incurred by the Company and (ii) pay up to $50,000 for liquidation expenses, all as more fully described in the Prospectus (as defined below).

2. Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Underwriters as follows:

2.1 Filing of Registration Statement.

2.1.1 Pursuant to the Act. The Company has filed with the Commission a registration statement and any amendment thereto, on Form S-1 (File No. 333-285152), including any related preliminary prospectus (the Preliminary Prospectus) including any prospectus that is included in the registration statement immediately prior to the effectiveness of the registration statement), for the registration of the Units under the Act, which registration statement and amendment or amendments have been prepared by the Company in conformity with the requirements of the Act, and the rules and regulations (the Regulations) of the Commission under the Act. The conditions for use of Form S-1 to register the Offering under the Act, as set forth in the General Instructions to such Form, have been satisfied. Except as the context may otherwise require, such registration statement, as amended, on file with the Commission at the time the registration statement became effective, including the prospectus, financial statements, schedules, exhibits and all other documents filed as a part thereof or incorporated therein and all information deemed to be a part thereof as of such time pursuant to Rule 430A of the Regulations, together with the registration statement filed by the Company pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Act registering additional Units (the Rule 462(b) Registration Statement), is hereinafter called the Registration Statement, and the form of the final prospectus dated the Effective Date included in the Registration Statement (or, if applicable, the form of final prospectus containing information permitted to be omitted at the time of effectiveness by Rule 430A of the Regulations, filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424 of the Regulations), is hereinafter called the Prospectus. For purposes of this Agreement, Applicable Time, as used in the Act, means 4:00 p.m. New York City time, on the date of this Agreement. Prior to the Applicable Time, the Company prepared a Preliminary Prospectus, which was included in the Registration Statement originally filed on February 24, 2025, for distribution by the Underwriters (such Preliminary Prospectus used most recently prior to the Applicable Time, the Statutory Prospectus). Other than the Registration Statement, together with any correspondence letters between the Company and/or counsel for the Company and the Commission, no other document with respect to the Registration Statement has been filed under the Act with the Commission. All of the Public Securities have been or will be registered for public sale under the Act pursuant to the Registration Statement. The Registration Statement has been declared effective by the Commission on the date hereof. If, subsequent to the date of this Agreement, the Company or the Representative determines that, at the Applicable Time, the Statutory Prospectus included an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted a statement of material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading and the Company and the Representative agree to provide an opportunity to purchasers of the Units to terminate their old purchase contracts and enter into new purchase contracts, then the Statutory Prospectus will be deemed to include any additional information available to purchasers at the time of entry into the first such new purchase contract.

4

2.1.2 Pursuant to the Exchange Act. The Company has filed with the Commission a Registration Statement on Form 8-A providing for the registration under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), of the Public Securities. The registration of the Public Securities under the Exchange Act has been declared effective by the Commission on the date hereof and the Public Securities have been registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act.

2.1.3 No Stop Orders, etc. Neither the Commission nor, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any federal, state or other regulatory authority has issued any order or threatened to issue any order preventing or suspending the use of the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Statutory Prospectus or Prospectus or any part thereof, or has instituted or, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, threatened to institute any proceedings with respect to such an order.

2.2 Disclosures in Registration Statement.

2.2.1 10b-5 Representation. At the time of effectiveness of the Registration Statement (or at the time of any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement) and at all times subsequent thereto up to the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus do and will contain all material statements that are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Act and the Regulations, and did or will, in all material respects, conform to the requirements of the Act and the Regulations. The Registration Statement, as of the Effective Date and at the Applicable Time, did not, and the amendments and supplements thereto, as of their respective dates, will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. The Prospectus, as of its date and the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, did not, and the amendments and supplements thereto, as of their respective dates, will not, include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Statutory Prospectus, as of the Applicable Time (or such subsequent Applicable Time pursuant to Section 2.1.1), did not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. When any Preliminary Prospectus or the Statutory Prospectus was first filed with the Commission (whether filed as part of the Registration Statement for the registration of the Public Securities or any amendment thereto or pursuant to Rule 424(a) of the Regulations) and when any amendment thereof or supplement thereto was first filed with the Commission, such Preliminary Prospectus or the Statutory Prospectus and any amendments thereof and supplements thereto complied or will have been corrected in the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus to comply in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Act and the Regulations and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The representation and warranty made in this Section 2.2.1 does not apply to statements made or statements omitted in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company with respect to the Underwriters by the Underwriters expressly for use in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus or the Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto. The parties acknowledge and agree that such information provided by or on behalf of the Underwriters consists solely of the following: the names of the Underwriters the information with respect to stabilization transactions contained in the section entitled Underwriting - Regulatory Restrictions on Purchase of Securities (such information, collectively, the Underwriters Information).

5

2.2.2 Disclosure of Agreements. The agreements and documents described in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus conform to the descriptions thereof contained therein in all material respects and there are no agreements or other documents required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus or the Prospectus or to be filed with the Commission as exhibits to the Registration Statement, that have not been so described or filed. Each agreement or other instrument (however characterized or described) to which the Company is a party or by which its property or business is or may be bound or affected and (i) that is referred to in the Registration Statement, Statutory Prospectus or the Prospectus or attached as an exhibit thereto, or (ii) that is material to the Companys business, has been duly authorized and validly executed by the Company, is in full force and effect and is enforceable against the Company and, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, the other parties thereto, in accordance with its terms, except (x) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (y) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the foreign, federal and state securities laws, and (z) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought, and no such agreement or instrument has been assigned by the Company, and neither the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any other party is in breach or default thereunder and, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, no event has occurred that, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a breach or default thereunder. To the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, the performance by the Company of the material provisions of such agreements or instruments will not result in a violation of any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets or businesses, including, without limitation, those relating to environmental laws and regulations.

2.2.3 Prior Securities Transactions. No securities of the Company have been sold by the Company or by or on behalf of, or for the benefit of, any person or persons controlling, controlled by, or under common control with the Company since the date of the Companys formation, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus, and the Prospectus.

2.2.4 Regulations. The disclosures in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and Prospectus concerning the effects of federal, foreign, state and local regulation on the Companys business as currently contemplated are correct in all material respects and do not omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading.

2.3 Changes After Dates in Registration Statement.

2.3.1 No Material Adverse Change. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus, and the Prospectus, except as otherwise specifically stated therein, (i) there has been no material adverse change in the condition, financial or otherwise, or business prospects of the Company, (ii) there have been no material transactions entered into by the Company, other than as contemplated pursuant to this Agreement, (iii) no member of the Companys board of directors (the Board of Directors) or management has resigned from any position with the Company and (iv) no event or occurrence has taken place which materially impairs, or would likely materially impair, with the passage of time, the ability of the members of the Board of Directors or management to act in their capacities with the Company as described in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus.

2.3.2 Recent Securities Transactions. Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, and except as may otherwise be indicated or contemplated herein or therein, the Company has not: (i) issued any securities or incurred any liability or obligation, direct or contingent, for borrowed money; or (ii) declared or paid any dividend or made any other distribution on or in respect to its share capital.

2.4 Independent Accountants. CBIZ CPAs P.C. (CBIZ), whose report is filed with the Commission as part of, and is included in, the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus, and the Prospectus, are independent registered public accountants as required by the Act, the Regulations and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB), including the rules and regulations promulgated by such entity. To the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, CBIZ is currently registered with the PCAOB and in good standing. CBIZ has not, during the periods covered by the financial statements included in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, provided to the Company any non-audit services, as such term is used in Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act.

6

2.5 Financial Statements; Statistical Data.

2.5.1 Financial Statements. The financial statements, including the notes thereto and supporting schedules (if any) included in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus fairly present the financial position, the results of operations and the cash flows of the Company at the dates and for the periods to which they apply; such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), consistently applied throughout the periods involved; and the supporting schedules included in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus present fairly the information required to be stated therein in conformity with the Regulations. No other financial statements or supporting schedules are required to be included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus or the Prospectus. The Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus disclose all material off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements, obligations (including contingent obligations), and other relationships of the Company with unconsolidated entities or other persons that may have a material current or future effect on the Companys financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, capital resources, or significant components of revenues or expenses. There are no pro forma or as adjusted financial statements which are required to be included in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus in accordance with Regulation S-X or Form S-1 that have not been included as so required.

2.5.2 Statistical Data. The statistical, industry-related and market-related data included in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and/or the Prospectus are based on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes are reliable and accurate, and such data agree with the sources from which they are derived.

2.6 Authorized Capital; Options. The Company had at the date or dates indicated in each of the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus, and the Prospectus, as the case may be, duly authorized, issued and outstanding capitalization as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus, and the Prospectus. Based on the assumptions stated in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus, and the Prospectus, the Company will have on the Closing Date or on the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, the adjusted stock capitalization set forth therein. Except as set forth in, or contemplated by, the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, on the Effective Date and on the Closing Date or Option Closing Date, as the case may be, there will be no options, warrants, or other rights to purchase or otherwise acquire any authorized but unissued Ordinary Shares or any security convertible into Ordinary Shares, or any contracts or commitments to issue or sell Ordinary Shares or any such options, warrants, rights or convertible securities.

2.7 Valid Issuance of Securities.

2.7.1 Outstanding Securities. All issued and outstanding securities of the Company issued prior to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof have no rights of rescission with respect thereto, and are not subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; and none of such securities were issued in violation of the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company. The authorized and outstanding securities of the Company conform in all material respects to all statements relating thereto contained in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus. All offers, sales and any transfers of the outstanding securities of the Company were at all relevant times either registered under the Act and the applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws or exempt from such registration requirements (based in part on the representations and warranties of the purchasers of such securities).

7

2.7.2 Public Securities. The Public Securities have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance and when issued and paid for in accordance with this Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; the Public Securities are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company; and all corporate action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale of the Public Securities has been duly and validly taken. The form of certificates for the Public Securities conform to the corporate law of the jurisdiction of the Companys incorporation and applicable securities laws. The Public Securities conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, as the case may be. When paid for and issued, the Rights will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company to issue the number and type of securities of the Company called for thereby in accordance with the terms thereof and such Rights are enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except: (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally; (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under foreign, federal and state securities laws; and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought. The Ordinary Shares issuable upon conversion of the Rights have been reserved for issuance and upon the conversion of the Rights, and when issued in accordance with the terms thereof, such Ordinary Shares will be duly and validly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders.

2.7.3 Private Placement Securities.

2.7.3.1 The Private Placement Units constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company to issue the number and type of securities of the Company called for thereby in accordance with the terms thereof, and are, or will be, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except: (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally; (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under federal and state securities laws; and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought. The Ordinary Shares issuable upon conversion of the Private Placement Rights have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the Private Placement Unit Purchase Agreement and Rights Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; the Private Placement Securities are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company; and all corporate action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale of the Private Placement Securities has been duly and validly taken. The Private Placement Securities conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus, and the Prospectus, as the case may be.

2.7.4 No Integration. Neither the Company nor any of its affiliates has, prior to the date hereof, made any offer or sale of any securities which are required to be or may be integrated pursuant to the Act or the Regulations with the offer and sale of the Public Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or the Private Placement Securities in the Private Placement.

2.8 Registration Rights of Third Parties. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, no holders of any securities of the Company or any rights exercisable for or convertible or exchangeable into securities of the Company have the right to require the Company to register any such securities of the Company under the Act or to include any such securities in a registration statement to be filed by the Company.

2.9 Validity and Binding Effect of Agreements. This Agreement, the Insider Letter (as defined in Section 2.21.1), the Trust Agreement, the Services Agreement (as defined in Section 2.21.3), the Registration Rights Agreement (as defined in Section 2.21.4), the Rights Agreement (as defined in Section 2.23), the Private Placement Unit Purchase Agreement (as defined in Section 2.21.2), and the Securities Subscription Agreement (as defined in Section 2.24) (collectively, the Transaction Documents) have been duly and validly authorized by the Company and, when executed and delivered by the Company and the other parties thereto, will constitute the valid and binding agreements of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the foreign, federal, and state securities laws, and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought.

8

2.10 No Conflicts, Etc. The execution, delivery, and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, the consummation by the Company of the transactions herein and therein contemplated and the compliance by the Company with the terms hereof and thereof do not and will not, with or without the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both: (i) result in a breach or violation of, or conflict with any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation, modification, termination or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company pursuant to the terms of any agreement, obligation, condition, covenant or instrument to which the Company is a party or bound or to which its property is subject except pursuant to the Trust Agreement; (ii) result in any violation of the provisions of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, as may be amended (the Memorandum and Articles of Association); or (iii) violate any existing applicable statute, law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its properties, assets or business constituted as of the date hereof.

2.11 No Defaults; Violations. No default or violation exists in the due performance and observance of any term, covenant or condition of any license, contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note, loan or credit agreement, or any other agreement or instrument evidencing an obligation for borrowed money, or any other agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which the Company may be bound or to which any of the properties or assets of the Company is subject. The Company is not in violation of any term or provision of its Memorandum and Articles of Association or in violation of any franchise, license, permit, applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment or decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its properties or businesses.

2.12 Corporate Power; Licenses; Consents.

2.12.1 Conduct of Business. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority, and has all necessary authorizations, approvals, orders, licenses, certificates and permits of and from all governmental regulatory officials and bodies that it needs as of the date hereof to conduct its business for the purpose as described in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus. The disclosures in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus concerning the effects of foreign, federal, state and local regulation on this Offering and the Companys business purpose as currently contemplated are correct in all material respects and do not omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Since its formation, the Company has conducted no business and has incurred no liabilities other than in connection with its formation and in furtherance of this Offering.

2.12.2 Transactions Contemplated Herein. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry out the provisions and conditions hereof, and all consents, authorizations, approvals and orders required in connection herewith have been obtained. No consent, authorization, or order of, and no filing with, any court, government agency or other body, foreign or domestic, is required for the valid issuance, sale and delivery, of the Public Securities and the Private Placement Securities and the consummation of the transactions and agreements contemplated by the Transaction Documents and as contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, except with respect to applicable foreign, federal and state securities laws, the rules of the Nasdaq Global Market (Nasdaq), and the rules and regulations promulgated by FINRA.

2.13 D&O Questionnaires. All information contained in the questionnaires (Questionnaires) completed by each of the Companys officers, directors and holders of the Founder Shares prior to consummation of the Offering (Insiders) and provided to the Representative and its counsel and the biographies of the Insiders contained in the Registration Statement, Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus (to the extent a biography is contained) is true and correct and the Company has not become aware of any information which would cause the information disclosed in the Questionnaires completed by each Insider to become inaccurate, incorrect or incomplete.

2.14 Litigation; Governmental Proceedings. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry, arbitration, investigation, litigation or governmental proceeding pending, or to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, threatened against or involving the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any Insider or any shareholder or member of an Insider that has not been disclosed, that is required to be disclosed, in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus, the Prospectus or the Questionnaires.

2.15 Good Standing. The Company has been duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation and is in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation. The Company is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of business requires such qualification, except where the failure to qualify would not have a material adverse effect on the condition (financial or otherwise), earnings, assets, prospects, business, operations or properties of the Company, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business (a Material Adverse Effect).

9

2.16 No Contemplation of a Business Combination. The Company has not identified any Business Combination target (each a Target Business) and it has not, nor has anyone on its behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any Business Combination target.

2.17 Transactions Requiring Disclosure to FINRA.

2.17.1 Finders Fees. There are no claims, payments, arrangements, agreements or understandings relating to the payment of a finders, consulting or origination fee by the Company or any Insider with respect to the sale of the Securities hereunder or any other arrangements, agreements or understandings of the Company or to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any Insider that may affect the Underwriters compensation, as determined by FINRA.

2.17.2 Payments Within 180 Days. The Company has not made any direct or indirect payments (in cash, securities or otherwise) to: (i) any person, as a finders fee, consulting fee or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital for the Company or introducing to the Company persons who raised or provided capital to the Company; (ii) any FINRA member; or (iii) any person or entity that has any direct or indirect affiliation or association with any FINRA member, within the 180-day period prior to the initial filing of the Registration Statement, other than the prior payments to the Representative in connection with the Offering. The Company has not issued any warrants or other securities, or granted any options, directly or indirectly, to anyone who is a potential underwriter in the Offering or a related person (as defined by FINRA rules) of such an underwriter within the 180-day period prior to the initial filing date of the Registration Statement. No person to whom securities of the Company have been privately issued within the 180-day period prior to the initial filing date of the Registration Statement has any relationship or affiliation or association with any member of FINRA participating in the Offering. Except with respect to the Representative in connection with the Offering, the Company has not entered into any agreement or arrangement (including, without limitation, any consulting agreement or any other type of agreement) during the 180-day period prior to the initial filing date of the Registration Statement with the Commission, which arrangement or agreement provides for the receipt of any item of value and/or the transfer or issuance of any warrants, options, or other securities from the Company to a FINRA member, any person associated with a member (as defined by FINRA rules), any potential underwriters in the Offering and/or any related persons.

2.17.3 FINRA Affiliation. Other than as disclosed to the Representative, no officer or director or any direct or indirect beneficial owner (including the Insiders) of any class of the Companys unregistered securities (whether debt or equity, registered or unregistered, regardless of the time acquired or the source from which derived) has any direct or indirect affiliation or association with any FINRA member (as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of FINRA). The Company will advise the Representative and HK if it learns that any officer or director or any direct or indirect beneficial owner (including the Insiders) is or becomes an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member participating in the Offering.

2.17.4 Share Ownership. No officer or director or any direct or indirect beneficial owner (including the Insiders) of any class of the Companys unregistered securities is an owner of shares or other securities of any member of FINRA participating in the Offering (other than securities purchased on the open market).

2.17.5 Loans. No officer or director or any direct or indirect beneficial owner (including the Insiders) of any class of the Companys unregistered securities has made a subordinated loan to any member of FINRA participating in the Offering.

2.17.6 Proceeds of the Offering. No proceeds from the sale of the Public Securities (excluding underwriting compensation) or the Private Placement Securities will be paid to any FINRA member participating in the Offering, or any persons associated or affiliated with a member of FINRA participating in the Offering, except as specifically authorized herein.

10

2.17.7 Conflicts of Interest. To the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, no FINRA member intending to participate in the Offering has a conflict of interest with the Company. For this purpose, a conflict of interest exists when a member of FINRA and/or its associated persons, parent or affiliates in the aggregate beneficially own 10% or more of the Companys outstanding subordinated debt or common equity, or 10% or more of the Companys preferred equity. Members participating in the Offering include managing agents, syndicate group members and all dealers which are members of FINRA.

2.18
Taxes.

2.18.1 There are no transfer taxes or other similar fees or charges under U.S. federal law or the laws of any U.S. state or any political subdivision of the United States, required to be paid in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the issuance or sale by the Company of the Public Securities.

2.18.2 The Company has filed all U.S. federal, state and local tax returns required to be filed with taxing authorities prior to the date hereof in a timely manner or has duly obtained extensions of time for the filing thereof. The Company has paid all taxes shown as due on such returns that were filed and has paid all taxes imposed on it and any other assessment, fine or penalty levied against it, to the extent that any of the foregoing is due and payable. The Company has made appropriate provisions in the applicable financial statements referred to in Section 2.5.1 above in respect of all federal, state, local and foreign income and franchise taxes for all current or prior periods as to which the tax liability of the Company has not been finally determined.

2.19 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act; Anti-Money Laundering; Patriot Act.

2.19.1 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Neither the Company nor to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any of the Insiders or any other person acting on behalf of the Company has, directly or indirectly, given or agreed to give any money, gift or similar benefit (other than legal price concessions to customers in the ordinary course of business) to any customer, supplier, employee or agent of a customer or supplier, or official or employee of any governmental agency or instrumentality of any government (domestic or foreign) or any political party or candidate for office (domestic or foreign) or other person who was, is, or may be in a position to help or hinder the business of the Company (or assist it in connection with any actual or proposed transaction) that (i) might subject the Company to any damage or penalty in any civil, criminal or governmental litigation or proceeding, (ii) if not given in the past, might have had a Material Adverse Effect, or (iii) if not continued in the future, might adversely affect the assets, business or operations of the Company. The Company has taken reasonable steps to ensure that its accounting controls and procedures are sufficient to cause the Company to comply in all material respects with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

2.19.2 Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act. The operations of the Company are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with (i) the requirements of the U.S. Treasury Department Office of Foreign Asset Control and (ii) applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transaction Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, including the Money Laundering Control Act of 1986, as amended, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar money laundering statutes, rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any Federal governmental agency (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws) and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, threatened.

2.19.3 Patriot Act. Neither the Company nor to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any Insider has violated the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, as amended, or the Uniting and Strengthening of America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA PATRIOT) Act of 2001, and/or the rules and regulations promulgated under any such law, or any successor law.

2.20 Officers Certificate. Any certificate signed by any duly authorized officer of the Company in connection with the Offering and delivered to the Representative or to HK shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Underwriters as to the matters covered thereby.

11

2.21 Agreements With Insiders.

2.21.1 Insider Letter. The Company has caused to be duly executed a legally binding and enforceable letter agreement (except (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification, contribution or non-compete provision may be limited under foreign, federal and state securities laws, and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought), a form of which is annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (the Insider Letter), pursuant to which each of the Insiders of the Company agree to certain matters. The Insider Letter shall not be amended, modified or otherwise changed without the prior written consent of the Representative.

2.21.2 Purchase Agreement. The Company and Sponsor have entered into a Private Placement Unit Purchase Agreement, the form of which is filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (the Private Placement Unit Purchase Agreement), pursuant to which the Sponsor will, among other things, on the Closing Date, consummate the purchase of and deliver the purchase price for the Private Placement Units as provided for in such Private Placement Unit Purchase Agreement. Pursuant to the Private Placement Unit Purchase Agreement, (i) the Sponsor has waived any and all rights and claims it may have to any proceeds, and any interest thereon, held in the Trust Account in respect of the Private Placement Securities, and (ii) a portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Securities will be deposited by the Company in the Trust Account in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement on the Closing Date or any Option Closing Date, as applicable, as provided for in the Private Placement Unit Purchase Agreement.

2.21.3 Administrative Services. The Company and the Sponsor have entered into an Administrative Services Agreement (Services Agreement) substantially in the form annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement pursuant to which the Sponsor will make available to the Company general and administrative services including office space, utilities and administrative and support services for the Companys use for $20,000 per month payable from the Effective Date, until the later of the consummation by the Company of a Business Combination or 15 months after the Effective Date, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Support Agreement.

2.21.4 Registration Rights Agreement. On the date hereof, the Company, the Initial Shareholders and the Underwriters have entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (Registration Rights Agreement) substantially in the form filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, whereby such parties will be entitled to certain registration rights with respect to the securities they hold or may hold, as set forth in such Registration Rights Agreement and described more fully in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus.

2.21.5 Loans. The Sponsor has agreed to make loans to the Company in the aggregate amount of up to $500,000 (the Insider Loans) pursuant to a promissory note substantially in the form filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement. The Insider Loans do not bear any interest and are repayable by the Company on the Closing Date.

2.22 Investment Management Trust Agreement. The Company and CST have entered into the Trust Agreement with respect to certain proceeds of the Offering and the Private Placement substantially in the form filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, pursuant to which the funds held in the Trust Account may be released under limited circumstances. The Trust Agreement shall not be amended, modified, or otherwise changed in any way that modifies the rights or obligations of the Company without the prior written consent of the Representative.

2.23 Rights Agreement. The Company has entered into a rights agreement with respect to the Rights underlying the Units and the Private Placement Units and certain other rights that may be issued by the Company with CST substantially in the form filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (Rights Agreement).

2.24 Securities Subscription Agreement. On
November 5, 2024, the Sponsor paid $25,000 to the Company to purchase 1,725,000 Founder Shares pursuant to a certain securities subscription
agreement by and between the Company and the Sponsor; on February 12, 2025, the Company and the Sponsor entered into the First Amendment
to the Subscription Agreement, pursuant to which the purchased amount of Founder Shares was adjusted to 2,415,000 Founder Shares; and
on March 17, 2025, the Company and the Sponsor entered into the Second Amendment to the Subscription Agreement, pursuant to which the
purchased amount of Founder Shares was adjusted to 2,898,000 Founder Shares. (together the Securities Subscription Agreement).

12

2.25 No Existing Non-Competition Agreements. No Insider is subject to any non-competition agreement or non-solicitation agreement with any employer or prior employer which could materially affect his ability to be an employee, officer and/or director of the Company, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement.

2.26 Investments. No more than 45% of the value (as defined in Section 2(a)(41) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (Investment Company Act)) of the Companys total assets consist of, and no more than 45% of the Companys net income after taxes is derived from, securities other than Government Securities (as defined in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act) or money market funds meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act.

2.27 Investment Company Act. The Company is not required, and upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as herein contemplated and the application of the net proceeds therefrom as described in the Statutory Prospectus and Prospectus will not be required, to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act.

2.28 Subsidiaries. The Company does not own an interest in any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other business entity.

2.29 Related Party Transactions. No relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company, on the one hand, and any Insider, on the other hand, which is required by the Act, the Exchange Act or the Regulations to be described in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus which is not so described as required. There are no outstanding loans, advances (except normal advances for business expenses in the ordinary course of business), or guarantees of indebtedness by the Company to or for the benefit of any of the officers or directors of the Company or any of their respective family members, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and Prospectus. The Company has not extended or maintained credit, arranged for the extension of credit, or renewed an extension of credit, in the form of a personal loan to or for any director or officer of the Company.

2.30 No Influence. The Company has not offered, or caused the Underwriters to offer, the Firm Units to any person or entity with the intention of unlawfully influencing: (a) a customer or supplier of the Company or any affiliate of the Company to alter the customers or suppliers level or type of business with the Company or such affiliate or (b) a journalist or publication to write or publish favorable information about the Company or any such affiliate.

2.31 Sarbanes-Oxley. The Company is, or on the Closing Date will be, in material compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and related or similar rules or regulations promulgated by any governmental or self-regulatory entity or agency, that are applicable to it as of the date hereof.

2.32 Distribution of Offering Material by the Company. The Company has not distributed and will not distribute, prior to the later of the Closing Date and the completion of the distribution of the Units, any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Units other than the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, in each case as supplemented and amended.

2.33 Nasdaq Global Market. The Public Securities have been authorized for listing, subject to official notice of issuance and evidence of satisfactory distribution, on Nasdaq, and the Company knows of no reason or set of facts that is likely to adversely affect such authorization.

2.34 Board of Directors. As of the Effective Date, the Board of Directors of the Company will be comprised of the persons set forth as Directors or Director nominees under the heading of the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus captioned Management. As of the Effective Date, the qualifications of the persons serving as board members and the overall composition of the board will comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder and the rules of Nasdaq that are, in each case, applicable to the Company. As of the Effective Date, the Company will have an Audit Committee that satisfies the applicable requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder and the rules of Nasdaq.

2.35 Emerging Growth Company. From its formation through the date hereof, the Company has been and is an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Act (an Emerging Growth Company).

13

2.36 No Disqualification Events. Neither the Company, nor any of its predecessors or any affiliated issuer, nor any director, executive officer, or other officer of the Company participating in the Offering, nor any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the Applicable Time (each, a Company Covered Person and, together, Company Covered Persons) is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Act (a Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Company Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the Underwriters a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder.

2.37 Free-Writing Prospectus and Testing-the-Waters. The Company has not made any offer relating to the Public Securities that would constitute an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 under the Act, or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus as defined in Rule 405. The Company: (a) has not engaged in any Testing-the-Waters Communication other than Testing-the-Waters Communications with the consent of the Representative with entities that are qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Act or institutions that are accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Act and (b) has not authorized anyone to engage in Testing-the-Waters Communications other than its officers and the Representative and individuals engaged by the Representative. The Company has not distributed any written Testing-the-Waters Communications other than those listed on Schedule B hereto. Testing-the-Waters Communication means any oral or written communication with potential investors undertaken in reliance on Section 5(d) of the Act.

2.38 Ineligible Issuer. At the time of filing the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the earliest time thereafter that the Company or another offering participant made a bona fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2) of the Regulations) of the Securities and at the date hereof, the Company was and is an ineligible issuer, as defined in Rule 405.

3. Covenants of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees as follows:

3.1 Amendments to Registration Statement. The Company will deliver to the Representative, prior to filing, any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus proposed to be filed after the Effective Date and the Company shall not file any such amendment or supplement to which the Representative reasonably objects in writing.

3.2 Federal Securities Laws.

3.2.1 Compliance. During the time when a Prospectus is required to be delivered under the Act, the Company will use its best efforts to comply with all requirements imposed upon it by the Act, the Regulations, and the Exchange Act, and by the regulations under the Exchange Act, as from time to time in force, so far as necessary to permit the continuance of sales of or dealings in the Securities in accordance with the provisions hereof and the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus. If at any time when a Prospectus relating to the Securities is required to be delivered under the Act, any event shall have occurred as a result of which, in the opinion of counsel for the Company or counsel for the Underwriters, the Prospectus, as then amended or supplemented, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or if it is necessary at any time to amend or supplement the Prospectus to comply with the Act, the Company will notify the Representative promptly and prepare and file with the Commission, subject to Section 3.1 hereof, an appropriate amendment or supplement in accordance with Section 10 of the Act.

3.2.2 Filing of Final Prospectus. The Company will file the Prospectus (in form and substance satisfactory to the Underwriters) with the Commission pursuant to the requirements of Rule 424 of the Regulations.

3.2.3 Exchange Act Registration. The Company will use its best efforts to maintain the registration of the Public Securities under the provisions of the Exchange Act (except in connection with a going-private transaction) for a period of five years from the Effective Date, or until the Company is required to be liquidated or is acquired, if earlier. The Company will not deregister the Public Securities under the Exchange Act without the prior written consent of the Representative.

14

3.2.4 Exchange Act Filings. From the Effective Date until the earlier of the Companys initial Business Combination, or its liquidation and dissolution, the Company shall timely file with the Commission via the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System (EDGAR) such statements and reports as are required to be filed by a company registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act.

3.2.5 Sarbanes-Oxley Compliance. As soon as it is legally required to do so, the Company shall take all actions necessary to obtain and thereafter maintain material compliance with each applicable provision of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and related or similar rules and regulations promulgated by any other governmental or self-regulatory entity or agency with jurisdiction over the Company.

3.3 Free-Writing Prospectus. The Company agrees that it will not make any offer relating to the Public Securities that would constitute an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 under the Act, or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus as defined in Rule 405.

3.4 Delivery to Underwriters of Prospectuses. The Company will deliver to the Underwriters, without charge and from time to time during the period when the Prospectus is required to be delivered under the Act or the Exchange Act, such number of copies of each Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus as the Underwriters may reasonably request and, as soon as the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement thereto becomes effective, deliver to the Underwriters, upon their request, two manually executed Registration Statements, including exhibits, and all post-effective amendments thereto and copies of all exhibits filed therewith or incorporated therein by reference and all manually executed consents of certified experts.

3.5 Effectiveness and Events Requiring Notice to the Representative. The Company will use its best efforts to cause the Registration Statement to remain effective and will notify the Representative immediately and confirm the notice in writing: (i) of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement and any amendment thereto; (ii) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto or preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iii) of the issuance by any foreign or state securities commission of any proceedings for the suspension of the qualification of the Public Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iv) of the mailing and delivery to the Commission for filing of any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus; (v) of the receipt of any comments or request for any additional information from the Commission; and (vi) of the happening of any event that, in the reasonable judgment of the Company, makes any statement of a material fact made in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus untrue or that requires the making of any changes in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus in order to make the statements therein, and in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. If the Commission or any foreign or state securities commission shall enter a stop order or suspend such qualification at any time, the Company will make every reasonable effort to obtain promptly the lifting of such order.

3.6 Affiliated Transactions.

3.6.1 Business Combinations. The Company will not consummate a Business Combination with any entity that is affiliated with any Insider unless the Company obtains an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that commonly renders valuation opinions that the Business Combination is fair to the Company from a financial point of view.

3.6.2 Compensation to Insiders. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, the Company shall not pay any of the Insiders or any of their affiliates any fees or compensation from the Company, for services rendered to the Company prior to, or in connection with, the consummation of a Business Combination.

15

3.7 Reports to the Representative. For a period of five years from the Effective Date or until such earlier time upon which the Company is required to be liquidated or is no longer required to file reports under the Exchange Act, the Company will furnish to the Representative and its counsel copies of such financial statements and other periodic and special reports as the Company from time to time furnishes generally to holders of any class of its securities, and promptly furnish to the Underwriters, (i) a copy of each periodic report the Company shall be required to file with the Commission, (ii) a copy of every press release and every news item and article with respect to the Company or its affairs that was released by the Company, (iii) a copy of each current Report on Form 8-K or Schedule 13D, 13G, 14D-1 or 13E-4 received or prepared by the Company, (iv) two (2) copies of each registration statement filed by the Company with the Commission under the Act, and (v) such additional documents and information with respect to the Company and the affairs of any future subsidiaries of the Company as the Representative may from time to time reasonably request; provided the Representative shall sign, if requested by the Company, a Regulation FD compliant confidentiality agreement which is reasonably acceptable to the Representative and its counsel in connection with the Representatives receipt of such information. Documents filed with the Commission pursuant to its EDGAR system shall be deemed to have been delivered to the Representative pursuant to this Section.

3.8 Transfer Agent. For a period of five years following the Effective Date or until such earlier time upon which the Company is required to be liquidated, the Company shall retain a transfer agent and rights agent acceptable to the Representative. CST is acceptable to the Representative.

3.9 Payment of Expenses. The Company hereby agrees to pay on each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, to the extent not paid at the Closing Date, all Company expenses incident to the performance of the obligations of the Company under this Agreement, including but not limited to (i) the Companys legal and accounting fees and disbursements, (ii) the preparation, printing, filing, mailing and delivery (including the payment of postage with respect to such mailing) of the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, including any pre or post effective amendments or supplements thereto, and the printing and mailing of this Agreement and related documents, including the cost of all copies thereof and any amendments thereof or supplements thereto supplied to the Underwriters in quantities as may be required by the Underwriters, (iii) fees incurred in connection with conducting background checks of the Companys management team (which are capped at $20,000), (iv) the preparation, printing, engraving, issuance and delivery of the Units, the Ordinary Shares and the Rights included in the Units, including any transfer or other taxes payable thereon, (v) fees incurred in registering the Offering with FINRA and the reasonable fees of counsel of the Underwriters (which are capped at $20,000) in connection with the Offering, (vi) fees, costs and expenses incurred in listing the Public Securities on Nasdaq or such other stock exchanges as the Company and the Underwriters together determine, (vii) all fees and disbursements of the transfer and rights agent, (viii) all of the Companys expenses associated with due diligence and road show meetings arranged by the Representative and any presentations made available by way of a net roadshow, including without limitation trips for the Companys management to meet with prospective investors, all travel, food and lodging expenses associated with such trips incurred by the Company or such management, and (ix) all other costs and expenses customarily borne by an issuer incident to the performance of its obligations hereunder which are not otherwise specifically provided for in this Section 3.9. If the Offering is consummated, the Representative may deduct from the net proceeds of the Offering payable to the Company on the Closing Date the expenses set forth above (which shall be mutually agreed upon between the Company and the Representative prior to Closing) to be paid by the Company to the Representative and others. If the Offering is not consummated for any reason (other than a breach by the Representative of any of its obligations hereunder), then the Company shall reimburse the Representative in full for its out-of-pocket accountable expenses actually incurred through such date, including, without limitation, reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Representative.

3.10 Application of Net Proceeds. The Company will apply the net proceeds from the Offering and Private Placement and received by it in a manner consistent with the application described under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Prospectus.

3.11 Delivery of Earnings Statements to Security Holders. The Company will make generally available to its security holders as soon as practicable, but not later than the first day of the fifteenth full calendar month following the Effective Date, an earnings statement (which need not be certified by independent public or independent certified public accountants unless required by the Act or the Regulations, but which shall satisfy the provisions of Rule 158(a) under Section 11(a) of the Act) covering a period of at least twelve consecutive months beginning after the Effective Date.

16

3.12 Notice to FINRA.

3.12.1 Notice to FINRA. For a period of ninety (90) days after the date of the Prospectus, in the event any person or entity (regardless of any FINRA affiliation or association) is engaged, in writing, to assist the Company in its search for a Target Business or to provide any other services in connection therewith, the Company will provide the following to FINRA and the Representative prior to the consummation of the Business Combination: (i) complete details of all services and copies of agreements governing such services; and (ii) justification as to why the person or entity providing the merger and acquisition services should not be considered an underwriter and related person with respect to the Offering, as such term is defined in Rule 5110 of the FINRA Manual. The Company also agrees that, if required by law, proper disclosure of such arrangement or potential arrangement will be made in the tender offer documents or proxy statement which the Company will file with the Commission in connection with the Business Combination.

3.12.2 FINRA. The Company shall advise the Representative (who shall make an appropriate filing with FINRA) if it is aware that any 10% or greater shareholder of the Company becomes an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member participating in the distribution of the Public Securities.

3.12.3 Broker/Dealer. In the event the Company intends to register as a broker/dealer, merge with or acquire a registered broker/dealer, or otherwise become a member of FINRA, it shall promptly notify FINRA.

3.13 Stabilization. Neither the Company, nor to its knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any of its employees, directors or shareholders (without the consent of the Representative) has taken and the Company will not take, and has directed its employees, directors and shareholders not to take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that has constituted or that might reasonably be expected to cause or result in, under the Exchange Act, or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Units.

3.14 Intentionally Omitted.

3.15 Payment of Deferred Underwriting Commission on Business Combination. Upon the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination, the Company agrees that it will cause the Trustee to pay the Deferred Underwriting Commission directly from the Trust Account to the Underwriters, in accordance with Section 1.3.

3.16 Internal Controls. The Company will maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary in order to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and to maintain accountability for assets, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.

3.17 Accountants. Until the earlier of five years from the Effective Date or until such earlier time upon which the Company is required to be liquidated, the Company shall retain CBIZ or another independent registered public accounting firm reasonably acceptable to the Representative.

3.18 Form 8-K. The Company shall, on or prior to the date hereof, retain its independent registered public accounting firm to audit the balance sheet of the Company as of the Closing Date (Audited Financial Statements) reflecting the receipt by the Company of the proceeds of the Offering and the Private Placement. Within four (4) Business Days after the Closing Date, the Company shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Commission, which Report shall contain the Companys Audited Financial Statements. Promptly after the Option Closing Date, if the Over-allotment Option is exercised after the Closing Date, the Company shall file with the Commission a Current Report on Form 8-K or an amendment to the Form 8-K to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise of such option.

3.19 Corporate Proceedings. All corporate proceedings and other legal matters necessary to carry out the provisions of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall have been done to the reasonable satisfaction of the Representative (or its counsel).

17

3.20 Investment Company. The Company shall cause the proceeds of the Offering, Over-allotment Option, and the Private Placement to be held in the Trust Account to be invested only as provided for in the Trust Agreement and disclosed in the Prospectus. The Company will otherwise conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become subject to the Investment Company Act. Furthermore, once the Company consummates a Business Combination, it shall be engaged in a business other than that of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading securities.

3.21 Amendments to Memorandum and Articles of Association. The Company covenants and agrees, that prior to its initial Business Combination it will not seek to amend or modify its Memorandum and Articles of Association, except as set forth therein. The Company acknowledges that the purchasers of the Units in the Offering shall be deemed to be third party beneficiaries of this Agreement and specifically this Section 3.21.

3.22 Press Releases. The Company agrees that it will not issue press releases or engage in any other publicity, without the Representatives prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld), for a period of twenty-five (25) days after the Closing Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Company be prohibited from issuing any press releases or engaging in any other publicity required by law, except that including the name of any Underwriter therein shall require the prior written consent of such Underwriter.

3.23 Insurance. The Company will maintain directors and officers insurance (including, without limitation, insurance covering the Company, its directors and officers for liabilities or losses arising in connection with this Offering, including, without limitation, liabilities or losses arising under the Act, the Exchange Act, the Regulations and any applicable foreign securities laws).

3.24 Electronic Prospectus. The Company shall cause to be prepared and delivered to the Underwriters, at the Companys expense, promptly, but in no event later than two (2) Business Days from the effective date of this Agreement, an Electronic Prospectus to be used by the Underwriters in connection with the Offering. As used herein, the term Electronic Prospectus means a form of prospectus, and any amendment or supplement thereto, that meets each of the following conditions: (i) it shall be encoded in an electronic format, satisfactory to the Representative, that may be transmitted electronically by the Underwriters to offerees and purchasers of the Units for at least the period during which a prospectus relating to the Units is required to be delivered under the Act; (ii) it shall disclose the same information as the paper prospectus and prospectus filed pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent that graphic and image material cannot be disseminated electronically, in which case such graphic and image material shall be replaced in the electronic prospectus with a fair and accurate narrative description or tabular representation of such material, as appropriate; and (iii) it shall be in or convertible into a paper format or an electronic format, satisfactory to the Representative, that will allow recipients thereof to store and have continuously ready access to the prospectus at any future time, without charge to such recipients (other than any fee charged for subscription to the Internet as a whole and for on-line time).

3.25 Private Placement Proceeds. On the Closing Date, the Company shall cause to be deposited $509,976 (without giving effect to any exercise of the Over-allotment Option) of proceeds from the Private Placement into the Trust Account, or such other amount such that the amount of the funds in the Trust Account shall be $10.00 per Unit sold in the Offering. On the Option Closing Date, if any, the Company shall cause to be deposited an amount of additional proceeds from the additional Placement Units sold on the Option Closing Date into the Trust Account such that the amount of funds in the Trust Account shall be $10.00 per Unit sold in the Offering.

3.26 Future Financings. The Company agrees that neither it, nor any successor or subsidiary of the Company, will consummate any public or private equity or debt financing prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, unless all investors in such financing expressly waive, in writing, any rights in or claims against the Trust Account.

3.27 Amendments to Agreements. The Company shall not amend, modify or otherwise change the Rights Agreement, Trust Agreement, Registration Rights Agreement, Private Placement Unit Purchase Agreement, the Services Agreement, or the Insider Letter without the prior written consent of the Representative. Furthermore, the Trust Agreement shall provide that the trustee is required to obtain a joint written instruction signed by both the Company and the Representative with respect to the transfer of the funds held in the Trust Account from the Trust Account, prior to commencing any liquidation of the assets of the Trust Account in connection with the consummation of any Business Combination, and such provision of the Trust Agreement shall not be permitted to be amended without the prior written consent of the Representative.

18

3.28 Nasdaq. Until the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company will use its best efforts to maintain the listing of the Public Securities on the Nasdaq or a national securities exchange acceptable to the Representative.

3.29 Reservation of Shares. The Company will reserve and keep available that maximum number of its authorized but unissued securities which are issuable upon conversion of the Rights and Private Placement Rights, outstanding from time to time.

3.30 Notice of Disqualification Events. The Company will notify the Underwriters in writing, prior to the Closing Date, of (i) any Disqualification Event relating to any Company Covered Person and (ii) any event that could reasonably be expected, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event relating to any Company Covered Person.

3.31 Intentionally Omitted.

3.32 Emerging Growth Company Status. The Company will promptly notify the Representative if the Company ceases to be an Emerging Growth Company at any time prior to the earlier of five years after the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination, or the liquidation of the Trust Account if a Business Combination is not consummated as required by its Memorandum and Articles of Association (the Termination Date).

3.33 Review of Financial Statements. Until the earlier of five years from the Effective Date or until the liquidation of the Trust Account if a Business Combination is not consummated by the Termination Date, the Company, at its expense, shall cause its regularly engaged independent certified public accountants to review (but not audit) the Companys financial statements for each of the first three fiscal quarters prior to the announcement of quarterly financial information and the filing of the Companys Form 10-Q quarterly report.

3.34 Right of First Refusal. The Company agrees that if the Firm Units are sold in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Company shall grant the Representative the right of first refusal to act as lead financial advisor, capital markets advisor, underwriter, and/or private placement agent in connection with any initial Business Combination or in connection with any financing, at the Representatives sole discretion, of the Company, or any successor to or any subsidiary of the Company (each, a Subject Transaction). The right of first refusal shall commence as of the date of this Agreement and terminate on the earlier of (i) the ten (10) month anniversary of the closing of a Business Combination (or the liquidation of the Trust Account in the event that the Company fails to consummate an initial Business Combination within the prescribed time period) or (ii) thirty-six (36) month anniversary of the effective date of the Registration Statement. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company shall not retain, engage or solicit any additional financial advisor, capital markets advisor, underwriter, or private placement agent in a Subject Transaction without the express written consent of the Representative. The Representatives failure to exercise its preferential right with respect to any particular proposal shall not affect its preferential rights relative to future proposals.

3.35 Business Combination Matters.

3.35.1 Consummation of Business Combination. The Company may consummate the initial Business Combination and conduct redemptions of Ordinary Shares for cash upon consummation of such Business Combination without a shareholder vote pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, including the filing of tender offer documents with the Commission. Such tender offer documents will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial Business Combination and the redemption rights as is required under the Commissions proxy rules and will provide each shareholder of the Company with the opportunity prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination to redeem the Ordinary Shares held by such shareholder for an amount of cash equal to (A) the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, calculated as of two Business Days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, representing (x) the proceeds held in the Trust Account from the Offering and part of the Private Placement and (y) any interest income earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay taxes, divided by (B) the total number of Ordinary Shares sold as part of the Units in the Offering (the Public Stock) then outstanding. If, however, a shareholder vote is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement in connection with the initial Business Combination, or the Company decides to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will submit such Business Combination to the Companys shareholders for their approval (Business Combination Vote). With respect to the

19

Business Combination Vote, if any, the Sponsor and the Companys officers, directors and director nominees have agreed to vote any Ordinary Shares they then hold in favor of the Companys initial Business Combination. If the Company seeks shareholder approval of the initial Business Combination, the Company will offer to each Public Shareholder holding Ordinary Shares the right to have its shares redeemed in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules of the Commission at a per share redemption price (the Redemption Price) equal to (I) the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, calculated as of two Business Days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination representing (1) the proceeds held in the Trust Account from the Offering and part of the Private Placement and (2) any interest income earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay taxes, divided by (II) the total number of Public Stock then outstanding. If the Company seeks shareholder approval of the initial Business Combination, the Company may proceed with such Business Combination only if a majority of the outstanding Ordinary Shares voted by the shareholders at a duly held shareholders meeting are voted to approve such Business Combination. If, after seeking and receiving such shareholder approval, the Company elects to so proceed, it will redeem shares, at the Redemption Price, from those Public Shareholders who validly and affirmatively requested such redemption. Only Public Shareholders holding Ordinary Shares who properly exercise their redemption rights, in accordance with the applicable tender offer or proxy materials related to such Business Combination and the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, shall be entitled to receive distributions from the Trust Account in connection with an initial Business Combination, and the Company shall pay no distributions with respect to any other holders of securities of the Company in connection therewith. In the event that the Company does not effect a Business Combination by fifteen (15) months from the closing of the Offering (or such later date as has been approved through a valid amendment to the Companys Memorandum and Articles of Association), the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten (10) Business Days thereafter, subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100% of the Public Stock, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (net of taxes payable and less interest to pay dissolution expenses up to $50,000), divided by the number of then outstanding shares of Public Stock, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Companys remaining shareholders and the Companys board of directors, proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company, subject in each case to its obligations to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of applicable law. Only Public Shareholders holding Ordinary Shares included in the Public Securities shall be entitled to receive such redemption amounts and the Company shall pay no such redemption amounts or any distributions in liquidation with respect to any other securities of the Company. The Sponsor and the Companys officers, directors and director nominees will not propose any amendment to the Companys Memorandum and Articles of Association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to provide for the redemption of Public Stock in connection with its initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the Public Stock if the Company does not consummate an initial Business Combination within fifteen (15) months from the closing of the Offering or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless the Company provides its Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem the Public Stock upon approval of such amendment as described in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus.

3.35.2 Business Combination Diligence. In connection with the initial Business Combination, the Company shall (i) provide, or cause the target of the initial Business Combination to provide, to the Underwriters and their representatives, customary documentation, including (A) all financial and other records, including any financial forecasts or projections, (B) pertinent corporate documents, (C) material contracts, (D) documents and information contained in the virtual data room used in connection with the initial Business Combination, and (E) any other information, certifications or documentation reasonably requested by the Underwriters and their representatives with respect to the parties to the Business Combination Agreement, in each case, with reasonable advance opportunity to review the foregoing; (ii) cause appropriate officers, directors and employees of the parties to the Business Combination Agreement, and cause representatives of the Companys and the initial Business Combination targets accountants and auditors, to participate in any due diligence sessions reasonably requested by the Underwriters in connection with the initial Business Combination; and (iii) provide, and in the case of the target of the initial Business Combination, cause to provide, customary comfort letters, legal opinions and negative assurance letters, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Underwriters, each dated as of the effective date of the registration statement (if applicable), statutory prospectus, prospectus or proxy statement filed in connection with the initial Business Combination and as of the closing date of initial Business Combination.

20

3.35.3 Registration Statement Review. The Company shall (i) (A) provide the Underwriters and their representatives a reasonable advance opportunity to review and comment on any registration statement, statutory prospectus, prospectus and proxy statement, including exhibits and financial statements included therein, to be filed in connection with the initial Business Combination, prior to each such filing, (B) provide each Underwriter and its representatives a reasonable advance opportunity to review and comment on any document that names or describes such Underwriter, whether or not such document is filed, (C) give reasonable consideration to any comments made by the Underwriters and their representatives, and (D) consider in good faith including in any such filing, document or response all comments reasonably proposed by the Underwriters and their representatives; provided that any information naming or describing an Underwriter must be in a form and content reasonably satisfactory to such Underwriter; and (ii) upon the request by the Underwriters, promptly file an amendment to any registration statement, statutory prospectus, prospectus and proxy statement, including exhibits and financial statements included therein, filed in connection with the initial Business Combination, to correct any information to the extent that such information shall have become false or misleading in any material respect, or to correct any material omissions therefrom.

3.35.4 Assignment and Assumption of Indemnification. The Company shall include in the Business Combination Agreement (i) a covenant for the assignment and assumption, by the public entity resulting from the initial Business Combination, of all of the Companys indemnification obligations under Section 5 hereof and (ii) that the Underwriters may rely on the representations and warranties contained therein as if they were a party thereto.

3.35.5 Business Combination Announcement. In the event that the Company desires or is required by an applicable law or regulation to cause an announcement (Business Combination Announcement) to be placed in The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times or any other news or media publication or outlet or to be made via a public filing or submission with the Commission announcing the consummation of the Business Combination that indicates that the Underwriters were the underwriters in the Offering, the Company shall supply the Representative with a draft of the Business Combination Announcement and provide the Representative with a reasonable advance opportunity to comment thereon, subject to the agreement of the Underwriters to keep confidential such draft announcement in accordance with the Representatives standard policies regarding confidential information.

3.35.6 Deferred Underwriting Commission. Subject to Section 1.3, upon the consummation of the initial Business Combination, the Company and the Underwriters shall jointly direct the Trustee to pay the Underwriters the Deferred Underwriting Commission out of the proceeds of the Offering held in the Trust Account. The Underwriters shall have no claim to payment of any interest earned on the portion of the proceeds held in the Trust Account representing the Deferred Underwriting Commission. If the Company fails to consummate its initial Business Combination within the time period provided in the Companys Memorandum and Articles of Association (as such time period may be amended), the Deferred Underwriting Commission will not be paid to the Underwriters and will, instead, be included in the liquidation distribution of the proceeds held in the Trust Account made to the Public Shareholders. In connection with any such liquidation, the Underwriters forfeit any rights or claims to the Deferred Underwriting Commission. In the event that an Underwriter waives its right to the Deferred Underwriting Commission and/or resigns from its role or roles in connection with the initial Business Combination (if any), the Company shall include disclosure regarding such waiver and/or resignation in any registration statement, statutory prospectus, prospectus and proxy statement filed subsequent to such waiver and/or resignation in connection with the initial Business Combination, provide such Underwriter with a reasonable advance opportunity to comment thereon and give reasonable consideration to any comments made by such Underwriter and its representatives.

4. Conditions of Underwriters Obligations. The obligations of the Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Units, as provided herein, shall be subject to the continuing accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company as of the date hereof and as of each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, to the accuracy of the statements of officers of the Company made pursuant to the provisions hereof and to the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder and to the following conditions:

21

4.1 Regulatory Matters.

4.1.1 Effectiveness of Registration Statement. The Registration Statement shall have become effective not later than 4:00 p.m., New York time, on the date of this Agreement or such later date and time as shall be consented to in writing by the Representative, and, at each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued and no proceedings for the purpose shall have been instituted or shall be pending or contemplated by the Commission and any request on the part of the Commission for additional information shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of the Representative.

4.1.2 FINRA Clearance. By the Effective Date, the Underwriters shall have received a letter of no objections from FINRA as to the amount of compensation allowable or payable to the Underwriters as described in the Registration Statement.

4.1.3 No Commission Stop Order. At the Closing Date and on each Option Closing Date, the Commission has not issued any order or threatened to issue any order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or any part thereof, and has not instituted or, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, threatened to institute any proceedings with respect to such an order.

4.1.4 Nasdaq. The Public Securities shall have been approved for listing on the Nasdaq, subject to official notice of issuance and evidence of satisfactory distribution, satisfactory evidence of which shall have been provided to the Representative.

4.2 Company Counsel Matters.

4.2.1 Closing Date and Option Closing Date Opinions of Counsel. On the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received the favorable opinions and negative assurance statements of Celine & Partners, PLLC, dated the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, addressed to the Representative as representative for the several Underwriters and in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative and HK.

4.2.2 Reliance. In rendering such opinions, such counsels may rely as to matters of fact, to the extent they deem proper, on certificates or other written statements of officers of the Company and officers of departments of various jurisdictions having custody of documents respecting the corporate existence or good standing of the Company, provided that copies of any such statements or certificates shall be delivered to the Representatives counsel if requested. The opinions of counsel for the Company shall include a statement to the effect that they may be relied upon by counsel for the Underwriters in its opinion delivered to the Underwriters.

4.3 Comfort Letter. At the time this Agreement is executed, and at the Closing Date and Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received a letter, addressed to the Representative as representative for the several Underwriters and in form and substance satisfactory in all respects (including the non-material nature of the changes or decreases, if any, referred to in Section 4.3.3 below) to the Representative from CBIZ dated, respectively, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date and Option Closing Date, if any:

4.3.1 Confirming that they are independent accountants with respect to the Company within the meaning of the Act and the applicable Regulations and that they have not, during the periods covered by the financial statements included in the Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus, Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, provided to the Company any non-audit services, as such term is used in Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act.

4.3.2 Stating that in their opinion the financial statements of the Company included in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable accounting requirements of the Act and the published Regulations thereunder;

22

4.3.3 Stating that, on the basis of their review, which included a reading of the latest available unaudited interim financial statements of the Company (with an indication of the date of the latest available unaudited interim financial statements), a reading of the latest available minutes of the shareholders and Board of Directors and the various committees of the Board of Directors, consultations with officers and other employees of the Company responsible for financial and accounting matters and other specified procedures and inquiries, nothing has come to their attention that would lead them to believe that (a) the unaudited financial statements of the Company included in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus do not comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable accounting requirements of the Act and the Regulations or are not fairly presented in conformity with GAAP applied on a basis substantially consistent with that of the audited financial statements of the Company included in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, or (b) at a date immediately prior to the Effective Date, Closing Date or Option Closing Date, as the case may be, there was any change in the share capital or long-term debt of the Company, or any decrease in the shareholders equity of the Company as compared with amounts shown in the balance sheet as of November 30, 2025 included in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, other than as set forth in or contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus or, if there was any decrease, setting forth the amount of such decrease, and (c) during the period from November 5, 2024 (inception) to a specified date immediately prior to the Effective Date, Closing Date or Option Closing Date, as the case may be, there were any changes in revenues, net earnings (losses) or net earnings (losses) per Ordinary Share, in each case as compared with the Statement of Operations for the period from November 5, 2024 (inception) through November 30, 2025 included in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, or, if there was any such change, setting forth the amount of such change;

4.3.4 Setting forth, at a date not later than five days prior to the Effective Date, the amount of liabilities of the Company (including a break-down of commercial papers and notes payable to banks);

4.3.5 Stating that they have compared specific dollar amounts, numbers of shares, percentages of revenues and earnings, statements and other financial information pertaining to the Company set forth in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus in each case to the extent that such amounts, numbers, percentages, statements and information may be derived from the general accounting records, including work sheets, of the Company and excluding any questions requiring an interpretation by legal counsel, with the results obtained from the application of specified readings, inquiries and other appropriate procedures (which procedures do not constitute an examination in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards) set forth in the letter and found them to be in agreement;

4.3.6 Stating that they have not, since the Companys incorporation, brought to the attention of the Companys management any reportable condition related to internal structure, design or operation as defined in the Statement on Auditing Standards No. 60 Communication of Internal Control Structure Related Matters Noted in an Audit, in the Companys internal controls; and

4.3.7 Statements as to such other matters incident to the transaction contemplated hereby as the Representative or its counsel may reasonably request, including: (i) that CBIZ is registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board; (ii) that CBIZ has sufficient assets and insurance to pay for any liability incurred by it relating to providing the letter; and (iii) that CBIZ is not insolvent.

4.4 Officers Certificates.

4.4.1 Officers Certificate. At each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received a certificate of the Company signed by the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company (in their capacities as such), dated the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, respectively, to the effect that (i) the Company has performed all covenants, complied with all agreements and complied with all conditions required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by the Company prior to and as of the Closing Date, or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, (ii) the conditions set forth in Section 4 hereof have been satisfied as of such date, (iii) as of Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Section 2 hereof are true and correct, (iv) no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any notice objecting to its use has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened, and (v) since the date of the most recent financial statements included in the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus (exclusive of any supplement thereto), there has been no Material Adverse Effect, except as set forth in or contemplated in the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus (exclusive of any supplement thereto). In addition, the Representative will have received such other and further certificates of officers of the Company (in their capacities as such) as the Representative may reasonably request.

23

4.4.2 Chief Financial Officers Certificate. At each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received a certificate of the Company signed by the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, dated the Closing Date or the Option Date, as the case may be, respectively, certifying (i) that the Memorandum and Articles of Association is true and complete, has not been modified and is in full force and effect, (ii) that the resolutions of the Companys Board of Directors relating to the public offering contemplated by this Agreement are in full force and effect and have not been modified, (iii) as to the accuracy and completeness of all correspondence between the Company or its counsel and the Commission, (iv) as to the accuracy and completeness of all correspondence between the Company or its counsel and Nasdaq, and (v) as to the incumbency of the officers of the Company. The documents referred to in such certificate shall be attached to such certificate.

4.5 No Material Changes. Prior to and on each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, (i) there shall have been no material adverse change or development involving a prospective material adverse change in the condition or prospects or the business activities, financial or otherwise, of the Company from the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, (ii) no action suit or proceeding, at law or in equity, shall have been pending or threatened against the Company or any Insider before or by any court or federal, foreign or state commission, board or other administrative agency wherein an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding may materially adversely affect the business, operations, or financial condition or income of the Company, except as set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, (iii) no stop order shall have been issued under the Act and no proceedings therefor shall have been initiated or, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, threatened by the Commission, and (iv) the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto shall contain all material statements which are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Act and the Regulations and shall conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Act and the Regulations, and neither the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus nor the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto shall contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

4.6 Delivery of Agreements. On the Effective Date, the Company shall have delivered to the Representative executed copies of the Transaction Documents.

4.7 Private Placement Units. On the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, as applicable, the Private Placement Units have been purchased as provided for in the Private Placement Unit Purchase Agreement and the requisite portion of the purchase price for such securities specified herein and therein shall be deposited into the Trust Account.

5. Indemnification and Contribution.

5.1 Indemnification.

5.1.1 Indemnification of the Underwriters. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its affiliates and their respective partners, members, directors, officers, employees and agents, and each person, if any, who controls each Underwriter or any affiliate (Controlling Person) within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act as follows:

(a) against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, joint or several, (i) arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto) or any registration statement filed with respect to the securities issued in the initial Business Combination to the Companys and/or the targets shareholders, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, or (ii) arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact included in (a) any preliminary prospectus, Statutory Prospectus, any Testing-the-Waters Communication or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement to the foregoing), (b) any statutory prospectus, prospectus or proxy statement, or any other filing or submission with the Commission, as applicable, filed or submitted in connection with the initial Business Combination (including, in each case, exhibits and financial statements included therein), (c) any roadshow as defined in Rule 433(h), or (d) any testing-the-waters communication or any materials used in connection with any financing related to the initial Business Combination, in each case including in any amendment thereof or supplement thereto, or rising out of or based upon the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;

24

(b) against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, joint or several, to the extent of the aggregate amount paid in settlement of any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental authority, commenced or threatened, or of any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission; provided that (subject to Section 5.1.4) any such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be delayed, conditioned or withheld; and

(c) against any and all expense whatsoever, as incurred (including the fees and disbursements of counsel), reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental authority, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission (whether or not a party), to the extent that any such expense is not paid under (a) or (b) above;

provided, however, that this indemnity agreement shall not apply to any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense to the extent arising out of any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made solely in reliance upon and in conformity with the Underwriters Information.

5.1.2 Indemnification of the Company, its Directors and Officers. Each Underwriter agrees, severally and not jointly, to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, and its directors, each officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense described in the indemnity contained in Section 5.1.1, as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements or omissions, or alleged untrue statements or omissions, made in the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus, the Statutory Prospectus, any Testing-the-Waters Communication or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement to the foregoing), solely in reliance upon and in conformity with the Underwriters Information.

5.1.3 Notifications and Other Indemnification Procedures. Any party that proposes to assert the right to be indemnified under this Section 5.1 will, promptly after receipt of notice of commencement of any action against such party in respect of which a claim is to be made against an indemnifying party or parties under this Section 5.1, notify each such indemnifying party of the commencement of such action, enclosing a copy of all papers served, but the omission so to notify such indemnifying party will not relieve the indemnifying party from (i) any liability that it might have to any indemnified party otherwise than under this Section 5.1 and (ii) any liability that it may have to any indemnified party under the foregoing provision of this Section 5.1 unless, and only to the extent that, such omission results in the forfeiture of substantive rights or defenses by the indemnifying party. If any such action is brought against any indemnified party and it notifies the indemnifying party of its commencement, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate in and, to the extent that it elects by delivering written notice to the indemnified party promptly after receiving notice of the commencement of the action from the indemnified party, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly notified, to assume the defense of, the action, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party, and after notice from the indemnifying party to the indemnified party of its election to assume the defense, the indemnifying party will not be liable to the indemnified party for any other legal expenses except as provided below and except for the reasonable costs of investigation subsequently incurred by the indemnified party in connection with the defense. The indemnified party will have the right to employ its own counsel in any such action, but the fees, expenses and other charges of such counsel will be at the expense of such indemnified party unless (A) the employment of counsel by the indemnified party has been authorized in writing by the indemnifying party, (B) the indemnified party has reasonably concluded (based on advice of counsel) that there may be legal defenses available to it or other indemnified parties that are different from or in addition to those available to the indemnifying party, (C) a conflict or potential conflict exists (based on advice of counsel to the indemnified party) between the indemnified party and the indemnifying party (in which case the indemnifying party will not have the right to direct the defense of such action on behalf of the indemnified party) or (D) the indemnifying party has not in fact employed counsel to assume the defense of such action or counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party, in each case, within a reasonable time after receiving notice of the commencement of the action; in each of which cases the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel will be at the expense of the indemnifying party or parties. It is understood that the indemnifying party or parties shall not, in connection with any proceeding or related proceedings in the same jurisdiction, be liable for the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of more than one separate firm admitted to practice in such jurisdiction (plus local counsel) at any one time for all such indemnified party or parties. All such fees, disbursements and other charges will be reimbursed by the indemnifying party promptly as they are incurred. An indemnifying party will not, in any event, be liable for any settlement of any action or claim effected without its written consent. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of each indemnified party, settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment in any pending or threatened claim, action or proceeding relating to the matters contemplated by this Section 5 (whether or not any indemnified party is a party thereto), unless such settlement, compromise or consent (x) includes an express and unconditional release of each indemnified party, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified party, from all liability arising out of such litigation, investigation, proceeding or claim and (y) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any indemnified party.

25

5.1.4 Settlement Without Consent if Failure to Reimburse. If an indemnified party shall have requested an indemnifying party to reimburse the indemnified party for reasonable fees and expenses of counsel, such indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of the nature contemplated by Section 5.1.1(b) effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more than 45 days after receipt by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid request, (ii) such indemnifying party shall have received notice of the terms of such settlement at least 30 days prior to such settlement being entered into and (iii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed such indemnified party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement.

5.2 Contribution. In order to provide for just and equitable contribution in circumstances in which the indemnification provided for in the foregoing paragraphs of Section 5.1 is applicable in accordance with its terms but for any reason is held to be unavailable or insufficient from the Company or the Underwriters, the Company and the Underwriters will contribute to the total losses, claims, liabilities, expenses and damages (including any investigative, legal and other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with, and any amount paid in settlement of, any action, suit or proceeding or any claim asserted) to which any indemnified party may be subject in such proportion as shall be appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other hand. The relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other hand shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as the total net proceeds from the sale of the Units (before deducting expenses) received by the Company bear to the total compensation received by the Underwriters (before deducting expenses) from the sale of Units on behalf of the Company. If, but only if, the allocation provided by the foregoing sentence is not permitted by applicable law, the allocation of contribution shall be made in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in the foregoing sentence but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, with respect to the statements or omission that resulted in such loss, claim, liability, expense or damage, or action in respect thereof, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations with respect to such offering. Such relative fault shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company or the Underwriters, the intent of the parties and their relative knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The Company and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contributions pursuant to this Section 5.2 were to be determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to herein. The amount paid or payable by an indemnified party as a result of the loss, claim, liability, expense or damage, or action in respect thereof, referred to above in this Section 5.2 shall be deemed to include, for the purpose of this Section 5.2, any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating or defending any such action or claim to the extent consistent with Section 5.1.3. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of Section 5.1 and this Section 5.2, the Underwriters shall not be required to contribute any amount in excess of the commissions actually received by it under this Agreement and no person found guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) will be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. For purposes of this Section 5.2, any person who controls a party to this Agreement within the meaning of the Securities Act, any affiliates of the respective Underwriters and any officers, directors, partners, employees or agents of the Underwriters or their respective affiliates, will have the same rights to contribution as that party, and each director of the Company and each officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement will have the same rights to contribution as the Company, subject in each case to the provisions hereof. Any party entitled to contribution, promptly after receipt of notice of commencement of any action against such party in respect of which a claim for contribution may be made under this Section 5.2, will notify any such party or parties from whom contribution may be sought, but the omission to so notify will not relieve that party or parties from whom contribution may be sought from any other obligation it or they may have under this Section 5.2 except to the extent that the failure to so notify such other party materially prejudiced the substantive rights or defenses of the party from whom contribution is sought. Except for a settlement entered into pursuant to the last sentence of Section 5.1.3, no party will be liable for contribution with respect to any action or claim settled without its written consent if such consent is required pursuant to Section 5.1.3.

26

6. Default by an Underwriter.

6.1 Default Not Exceeding 10% of Firm Units. If any Underwriter or Underwriters shall default in its or their obligations to purchase the Firm Units and if the number of the Firm Units with respect to which such default relates does not exceed in the aggregate 10% of the number of Firm Units that all Underwriters have agreed to purchase hereunder, then such Firm Units to which the default relates shall be purchased by the non-defaulting Underwriters in proportion to their respective commitments hereunder.

6.2 Default Exceeding 10% of Firm Units. In the event that the default addressed in Section 6.1 above relates to more than 10% of the Firm Units, the Representative may, in its discretion, arrange for it or for another party or parties to purchase such Firm Units to which such default relates on the terms contained herein. If within one (1) Business Day after such default relating to more than 10% of the Firm Units the Representative do not arrange for the purchase of such Firm Units, then the Company shall be entitled to a further period of one (1) Business Day within which to procure another party or parties satisfactory to the Representative to purchase said Firm Units on such terms. In the event that neither the Representative nor the Company arrange for the purchase of the Firm Units to which a default relates as provided in this Section 6, this Agreement may be terminated by the Representative or the Company without liability on the part of the Company (except as provided in Sections 3.9, 5, and 9.3 hereof) or the several Underwriters (except as provided in Section 5 hereof); provided that nothing herein shall relieve a defaulting Underwriter of its liability, if any, to the other several Underwriters and to the Company for damages occasioned by its default hereunder.

6.3 Postponement of Closing Date. In the event that the Firm Units to which the default relates are to be purchased by the non-defaulting Underwriters, or are to be purchased by another party or parties as aforesaid, the Representative or the Company shall have the right to postpone the Closing Date for a reasonable period, but not in any event exceeding five (5) Business Days, in order to effect whatever changes may thereby be made necessary in the Registration Statement and/or the Prospectus, as the case may be, or in any other documents and arrangements, and the Company agrees to file promptly any amendment to, or to supplement, the Registration Statement and/or the Prospectus, as the case may be, that in the reasonable opinion of counsel for the Underwriters may thereby be made necessary. The term Underwriter as used in this Agreement shall include any party substituted under this Section 6 with like effect as if it had originally been a party to this Agreement with respect to such securities.

7. Additional Covenants.

7.1 Additional Shares or Options. The Company hereby agrees that until the consummation of a Business Combination, it shall not issue any Ordinary Shares or any options or other securities convertible into any Ordinary Share or any preferred shares or other securities of the Company which participate in any manner in the Trust Account or which vote as a class with the Ordinary Shares on a Business Combination.

7.2 Trust Account Waiver Acknowledgments. The Company hereby agrees that it will use its reasonable best efforts prior to commencing its due diligence investigation of any prospective Target Business or obtaining the services of any vendor to have such Target Business and/or vendor acknowledge in writing whether through a letter of intent, memorandum of understanding or other similar document (and subsequently acknowledges the same in any definitive document replacing any of the foregoing), that (a) it has read the Prospectus and understands that the Company has established the Trust Account, initially in an amount of $72,000,000 (without giving effect to any exercise of the Over-allotment Option) for the benefit of the Public Shareholders and that, except for a portion of the interest earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Company may disburse monies from the Trust Account only (i) to the Public Shareholders in the event they elect to redeem the Ordinary Shares contained in the Units in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination, (ii) to the Public Shareholders if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the time period set forth in the Memorandum and Articles of Association, or (iii) to the Company after or concurrently with the consummation of a Business Combination and (b) for and in consideration of the Company (i) agreeing to evaluate such Target Business for purposes of consummating a Business Combination with it or (ii) agreeing to engage the services of the vendor, as the case may be, such Target Business or vendor agrees that it does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account (Claim) and waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with the Company and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.

27

7.3 Insider Letter. The Company shall not take any action or omit to take any action which would cause a breach of the Insider Letter and will not allow any amendments to, or waivers of, such Insider Letter without the prior written consent of the Representative.

7.4 Rule 419. The Company agrees that it will use its best efforts to prevent the Company from becoming subject to Rule 419 under the Act prior to the consummation of any Business Combination, including but not limited to using its best efforts to prevent any of the Companys outstanding securities from being deemed to be a penny stock as defined in Rule 3a-51-1 under the Exchange Act during such period.

7.5 Tender Offer Documents, Proxy Materials and Other Information. The Company shall provide to the Representative or their counsel (if so instructed by the Representative) with 10 copies of all tender offer documents or proxy information and all related material filed with the Commission in connection with a Business Combination concurrently with such filing with the Commission. Documents filed with the Commission pursuant to its EDGAR system shall be deemed to have been provided to the Representative pursuant to this Section. In addition, the Company shall furnish any other state in which its initial public offering was registered, such information as may be requested by such state.

7.6 Emerging Growth Company. The Company shall promptly notify the Representative if the Company ceases to be an Emerging Growth Company at any time prior to the completion of the distribution of the Securities within the meaning of the Act.

7.7 Target Fair Market Value. The Company agrees that the Target Business that it acquires must have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in the Trust Account at the time of signing the definitive agreement for the Business Combination with such Target Business (excluding taxes payable). The fair market value of such business must be determined by the Board of Directors of the Company based upon standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and book value. If the Board of Directors of the Company is not able to independently determine that the target business meets such fair market value requirement, the Company will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or another independent accounting firm that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. The Company is not required to obtain an opinion as to the fair market value if the Companys Board of Directors independently determines that the Target Business does have sufficient fair market value.

7.8 Restrictions on Subsequent Equity Sales. The Company, on behalf of itself and any successor entity, agrees that, without the prior written consent of the Representative, for a period of 180 days from the date of this Agreement, it will not sell, offer to sell, contract or agree to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant any option to purchase or otherwise dispose of or agree to dispose of, directly or indirectly, or establish or increase a put equivalent position or liquidate or decrease a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act with respect to any units, any Ordinary Shares, or any securities convertible into, or exercisable, or exchangeable for, any Ordinary Shares, (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any units, any Ordinary Shares, or any securities convertible into, or exercisable, or exchangeable for, any Ordinary Shares, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of such securities, in cash or otherwise, or (iii) publicly announce any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (i) or (ii), subject to certain exceptions.

7.9 Memorandum and Articles of Association. The Company shall not take any action or omit to take any action that would cause the Company to be in breach or violation of its Memorandum and Articles of Association.

28

8. Representations and Agreements to Survive Delivery. Except as the context otherwise requires, all representations, warranties and agreements contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to be representations, warranties and agreements as of the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, if any, and such representations, warranties and agreements of the Underwriters and the Company, including the indemnity agreements contained in Section 5 hereof, shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Underwriters, the Company or any Controlling Person, and shall survive termination of this Agreement or the issuance and delivery of the Public Securities to the Underwriters until the earlier of the expiration of any applicable statute of limitations and the seventh (7th) anniversary of the later of the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, if any, at which time the representations, warranties and agreements shall terminate and be of no further force and effect.

9. Effective Date of This Agreement and Termination Thereof.

9.1 Effective Date. This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date at the time the Registration Statement is declared effective by the Commission.

9.2 Termination. The Representative shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time prior to the Closing Date, (i) if any domestic or international event or act or occurrence has materially disrupted, or in the Representatives opinion will in the immediate future materially disrupt, general securities markets in the United States, or (ii) if trading on the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, or the Nasdaq Capital Market or quoted on the OTC Markets shall have been suspended, or minimum or maximum prices for trading shall have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices for securities shall have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices for securities shall have been required by FINRA or by order of the Commission or any other government authority having jurisdiction, or (iii) if the United States shall have become involved in a new war or an increase in existing major hostilities, or (iv) if a banking moratorium has been declared by a New York State or Federal authority, or (v) if a moratorium on foreign exchange trading has been declared which materially adversely impacts the United States securities market, or (vi) if the Company shall have sustained a material loss by fire, flood, accident, hurricane, earthquake, theft, sabotage or other calamity (including, without limitation, a calamity relating to a public health matter or natural disaster) or malicious act which, whether or not such loss shall have been insured, will, in the Representatives sole opinion, make it inadvisable to proceed with the delivery of the Units, or (vii) if the Company is in material breach of any of its representations, warranties or covenants hereunder, or (viii) if the Representative shall have become aware after the date hereof of such a material adverse change in the conditions of the Company, or such adverse material change in general market conditions, including without limitation as a result of terrorist activities or any other calamity (including, without limitation, a calamity relating to a public health matter or natural disaster) or crisis either within or outside the United States after the date hereof, or an increase in any of the foregoing, as in the Representatives sole judgment would make it impracticable to proceed with the offering, sale and/or delivery of the Units or to enforce contracts made by the Underwriters for the sale of the Units.

9.3 Expenses. In the event that this Agreement shall not be carried out for any reason whatsoever, within the time specified herein or any extensions thereof pursuant to the terms herein, (i) the obligations of the Company to pay the out of pocket expenses related to the transactions contemplated herein shall be governed by Section 3.9 hereof and (ii) the Company shall reimburse the Representative for any costs and expenses incurred in connection with enforcing any provisions of this Agreement.

9.4 Indemnification. Notwithstanding any contrary provision contained in this Agreement, any election hereunder or any termination of this Agreement, and whether or not this Agreement is otherwise carried out, the provisions of Section 5 shall not be in any way affected by such election or termination or failure to carry out the terms of this Agreement or any part hereof.

10. Miscellaneous.

10.1 Notices. All communications hereunder, except as herein otherwise specifically provided, shall be in writing and shall be mailed, delivered by hand or reputable overnight courier or delivered by facsimile transmission (with printed confirmation of receipt) and confirmed and shall be deemed given when so mailed, delivered or faxed or if mailed, two days after such mailing.

29

If to the Representative:

SPAC Advisory Partners

a division of Kingswood Capital Partners LLC

5900 Balcones Drive

Suite 100

Austin, Texas 78731

Attn: Lewis Silberman, Partner

Email: lew@spac-advisory.com

Copy (which copy shall not constitute notice) to:

Holland & Knight LLP

811 Main Street

Suite 2500

Houston, TX 77002

Attn: James R. Brown

Email: james.brown@hklaw.com

If to the Company:

Quartzsea Acquisition Corporation

1185 Avenue of the Americas, Suite 304

New York, NY 10036

Attn: Qi Gong

Telephone: (212)-612-1400

Email: qgong@quartzsea.com

Copy (which copy shall not constitute notice) to:

Celine & Partners, PLLC

1345 Avenue of the Americas, Floor 33

New York, NY 10105

Attn: Cassi Olson

Telephone: 312-662-2913

Email: colson@chencounsel.com

10.2 Headings. The headings contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference, and shall not in any way limit or affect the meaning or interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement.

10.3 Amendment. This Agreement may only be amended by a written instrument executed by each of the parties hereto.

10.4 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with the other agreements and documents being delivered pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement, constitute the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and supersede all prior agreements and understandings of the parties, oral and written, with respect to the subject matter hereof.

10.5 Binding Effect. This Agreement shall inure solely to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the Representative, the Underwriters, the selected dealers, the Company and the Controlling Persons, directors, agents, partners, members, employees and officers referred to in Section 5 hereof, and their respective successors, legal representatives and assigns, and no other person shall have or be construed to have any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of or by virtue of this Agreement or any provisions herein contained. The term successors and assigns shall not include a purchaser, in its capacity as such, of securities from the Underwriters.

10.6 Waiver of Immunity. To the extent that the Company may be entitled in any jurisdiction in which judicial proceedings may at any time be commenced hereunder, to claim for itself or its revenues or assets any immunity, including sovereign immunity, from suit, jurisdiction, attachment in aid of execution of a judgment or prior to a judgment, execution of a judgment or any other legal process with respect to its obligations hereunder and to the extent that in any such jurisdiction there may be attributed to the Company such an immunity (whether or not claimed), the Company hereby irrevocably agrees not to claim and irrevocably waives such immunity to the maximum extent permitted by law.

30

10.7 Submission to Jurisdiction. Each of the Company and the Representative irrevocably submit to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of any New York State or United States Federal court sitting in The City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus or the offering of the Securities. Each of the Company and the Representative irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that they may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such a court and any claim that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such a court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Any such process or summons to be served upon the Company or the Representative may be served by transmitting a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to it at the address set forth in Section 10.1 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed personal service and shall be legal and binding upon the Company or the Representative in any action, proceeding or claim. Each of the Company and the Representative waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any other requirements of or objections to personal jurisdiction with respect thereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any action based on this Agreement may be instituted by the Underwriters in any competent court. The Company agrees that the Underwriters shall be entitled to recover all of their reasonable attorneys fees and expenses relating to any action or proceeding and/or incurred in connection with the preparation therefor if any of them are the prevailing party in such action or proceeding. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

10.8 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction.

10.9 Execution in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement, and shall become effective when one or more counterparts has been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered to each of the other parties hereto. Delivery of a signed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or email/pdf transmission shall constitute valid and sufficient delivery thereof.

10.10 Waiver. The failure of any of the parties hereto to at any time enforce any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not be deemed or construed to be a waiver of any such provision, nor to in any way affect the validity of this Agreement or any provision hereof or the right of any of the parties hereto to thereafter enforce each and every provision of this Agreement. No waiver of any breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be effective unless set forth in a written instrument executed by the party or parties against whom or which enforcement of such waiver is sought; and no waiver of any such breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment shall be construed or deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment.

10.11 No Fiduciary Relationship. The Company acknowledges and agrees that (i) the purchase and sale of the Units pursuant to this Agreement is an arms-length commercial transaction pursuant to a contractual relationship between the Company and the Underwriters, (ii) in connection therewith and with the process leading to such transaction, each Underwriter is acting solely as a principal and not the agent or fiduciary of the Company, (iii) the Underwriters have not assumed an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company with respect to the offering contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether the Underwriters have advised or are currently advising the Company on other matters) or any other obligation to the Company except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement, (iv) in no event do the parties intend that the Underwriters act or be responsible as a fiduciary to the Company, its management, shareholders, creditors or any other person in connection with any activity that the Underwriters may undertake or have undertaken in furtherance of this offering of the Companys securities, either before or after the date hereof and (v) the Company has consulted its own legal and financial advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate. The Underwriters hereby expressly disclaim any fiduciary or similar obligations to the Company, either in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any matters leading up to such transactions, and the Company hereby confirms its understanding and agreement to that effect. The Company agrees that it will not claim that the Underwriters have rendered advisory services of any nature or respect, or owe a fiduciary or similar duty to the Company, in connection with such transaction or the process leading thereto. The Company and the Underwriters agree that they are each responsible for making their own independent judgment with respect to any such transactions, and that any opinions or views expressed by the Underwriters to the Company regarding such transactions, including but not limited to any opinions or views with respect to the price or market for the Companys securities, do not constitute advice or recommendations to the Company. The Company hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that the Company may have against the Underwriters with respect to any breach or alleged breach of any fiduciary or similar duty to the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any matters leading up to such transactions.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

31

If the foregoing correctly sets forth the understanding between the Underwriters and the Company, please so indicate in the space provided below for that purpose, whereupon this letter shall constitute a binding agreement between us.

Very truly yours, 

QUARTZSEA ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

By: /s/ Qi Gong 

Name: Qi Gong 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Accepted on the date first above written. 

SPAC ADVISORY PARTNERS, 

A DIVISION OF KINGSWOOD CAPITAL PARTNERS LLC

as Representative of the several Underwriters 

By: /s/
Lewis Silberman 

Name: Lewis Silberman 

Title: Partner 

Kingswood Capital Partners LLC, as Broker Dealer 

By: /s/
Tyler Bashaw 

Name: Tyler Bashaw 

Title: Director of Compliance 

[Signature page to Underwriting Agreement]

32

SCHEDULE A

QUARTZSEA ACQUISITION CORPORATION

7,200,000 Units

Underwriter Number of 

Firm Units to

be Purchased 

SPAC Advisory Partners, a division of Kingswood Capital LLC 7,200,000 

TOTAL 7,200,000 

Sch. A-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>quartzsea_ex3-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

Companies Act (Revised)

Company Limited by Shares

Quartzsea Acquisition Corporation

Amended and restated

memorandum
of association

(Adopted
by special resolution passed on 14 March 2025 and with effect from 14 March 2025)

Companies Act (Revised)

Company Limited by Shares

Amended and Restated Memorandum of Association

of

Quartzsea Acquisition Corporation

(Adopted by special resolution passed on 14 March 2025 and with effect from 14 March 2025)

1 The name of the Company is Quartzsea Acquisition Corporation.

2 The Companys registered office will be situated at the office of Ogier Global (Cayman) Limited, 89 Nexus Way, Camana Bay, Grand Cayman, KY1-9009, Cayman Islands or at such other place in the Cayman Islands as the Directors may at any time decide.

3 The Companys objects are unrestricted. As provided by section 7(4) of the Companies Act (Revised), the Company has full power and authority to carry out any object not prohibited by any law of the Cayman Islands.

4 The Company has unrestricted corporate capacity. Without limitation to the foregoing, as provided by section 27 (2) of the Companies Act (Revised), the Company has and is capable of exercising all the functions of a natural person of full capacity irrespective of any question of corporate benefit.

5 Nothing in any of the preceding paragraphs permits the Company to carry on any of the following businesses without being duly licensed, namely:

(a) the business of a bank or trust company without being licensed in that behalf under the Banks and Trust Companies Act (Revised); or

(b) insurance business from within the Cayman Islands or the business of an insurance manager, agent, sub-agent or broker without being licensed in that behalf under the Insurance Act (Revised); or

(c) the business of company management without being licensed in that behalf under the Companies Management Act (Revised).

6 Unless licensed to do so, the Company will not trade in the Cayman Islands with any person, firm or corporation except in furtherance of its business carried on outside the Cayman Islands. Despite this, the Company may effect and conclude contracts in the Cayman Islands and exercise in the Cayman Islands any of its powers necessary for the carrying on of its business outside the Cayman Islands.

7 The Company is a company limited by shares and accordingly the liability of each member is limited to the amount (if any) unpaid on that members shares.

8 The share capital of the Company is USD50,000 divided into 500,000,000 Ordinary Shares of par value USD0.0001 each. Subject to the Companies Act (Revised) and the Companys articles of association, the Company has power to do any one or more of the following:

(a) to redeem or repurchase any of its shares;

(b) to increase or reduce its capital;

(c) to issue any part of its capital (whether original, redeemed, increased or reduced):

(i) with or without any preferential, deferred, qualified or special rights, privileges or conditions; or

(ii) subject to any limitations or restrictions

and unless the condition of issue expressly declares otherwise, every issue of shares (whether declared to be ordinary, preference or otherwise) is subject to this power; or

(d) to alter any of those rights, privileges, conditions, limitations or restrictions.

9 The Company has power to register by way of continuation as a body corporate limited by shares under the laws of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands and to be deregistered in the Cayman Islands.

Companies Act (Revised)

Company Limited by Shares

Quartzsea Acquisition Corporation

AMENDED
AND RESTATED

ARTICLES
of association

(Adopted by special resolution passed on 14 March 2025 and with effect from 14 March 2025)

CONTENTS

1 Definitions, interpretation and exclusion of Table A 1

Definitions 1

Interpretation 5

Exclusion of Table A Articles 6

2 Shares 6

Power to issue Shares and options, with or without special rights 6

Power to pay commissions and brokerage fees 8

Trusts not recognised 8

Power to vary class rights 8

Effect of new Share issue on existing class rights 9

Capital contributions without issue of further Shares 9

No bearer Shares or warrants 9

Treasury Shares 10

Rights attaching to Treasury Shares and related matters 10

3 Register of Members 10

4 Share certificates 11

Issue of share certificates 11

Renewal of lost or damaged share certificates 11

5 Lien on Shares 12

Nature and scope of lien 12

Company may sell Shares to satisfy lien 12

Authority to execute instrument of transfer 12

Consequences of sale of Shares to satisfy lien 13

Application of proceeds of sale 13

6 Calls on Shares and forfeiture 13

Power to make calls and effect of calls 13

Time when call made 14

Liability of joint holders 14

Interest on unpaid calls 14

Deemed calls 14

Power to accept early payment 14

Power to make different arrangements at time of issue of Shares 14

Notice of default 15

Forfeiture or surrender of Shares 15

Disposal of forfeited or surrendered Share and power to cancel forfeiture or surrender 15

Effect of forfeiture or surrender on former Member 15

Evidence of forfeiture or surrender 16

Sale of forfeited or surrendered Shares 16

7 Transfer of Shares 16

Form of transfer 16

Power to refuse registration 17

i

Power to suspend registration 17

Company may retain instrument of transfer 17

8 Transmission of Shares 17

Persons entitled on death of a Member 17

Registration of transfer of a Share following death or bankruptcy 17

Indemnity 18

Rights of person entitled to a Share following death or bankruptcy 18

9 Alteration of capital 18

Increasing, consolidating, converting, dividing and cancelling share capital 18

Dealing with fractions resulting from consolidation of Shares 19

Reducing share capital 19

10 Redemption and purchase of own Shares 19

Power to issue redeemable Shares and to purchase own Shares 19

Power to pay for redemption or purchase in cash or in specie 20

Effect of redemption or purchase of a Share 20

11 Meetings of Members 21

Power to call meetings 21

Content of notice 22

Period of notice 23

Persons entitled to receive notice 23

Publication of notice on a website 23

Time a website notice is deemed to be given 23

Required duration of publication on a website 24

Accidental omission to give notice or non-receipt of notice 24

12 Proceedings at meetings of Members 24

Quorum 24

Lack of quorum 24

Chairman 25

Right of a Director to attend and speak 25

Use of technology & accommodation of Members at Virtual Meeting 25

Adjournment, postponement and cancellation 25

Method of voting 26

Outcome of vote by show of hands 26

Withdrawal of demand for a poll 26

Taking of a poll 26

Chairmans casting vote 27

Amendments to resolutions 27

Written resolutions 27

Sole-member company 28

13 Voting rights of Members 28

Right to vote 28

Rights of joint holders 29

Representation of corporate Members 29

ii

Member with mental disorder 29

Objections to admissibility of votes 30

Form of proxy 30

How and when proxy is to be delivered 30

Voting by proxy 31

14 Number of Directors 32

15 Appointment, disqualification and removal of Directors 32

No age limit 32

Corporate Directors 32

No shareholding qualification 32

Appointment and removal of Directors 32

Resignation of Directors 34

Termination of the office of Director 34

16 Alternate Directors 34

Appointment and removal 34

Notices 36

Rights of alternate director 36

Appointment ceases when the appointor ceases to be a Director 36

Status of alternate director 36

Status of the Director making the appointment 36

17 Powers of Directors 37

Powers of Directors 37

Appointments to office 37

Remuneration 38

Disclosure of information 38

18 Delegation of powers 38

Power to delegate any of the Directors powers to a committee 38

Power to appoint an agent of the Company 39

Power to appoint an attorney or authorised signatory of the Company 39

Power to appoint a proxy 39

19 Meetings of Directors 40

Regulation of Directors meetings 40

Calling meetings 40

Notice of meetings 40

Period of notice 40

Use of technology 40

Place of meetings 40

Quorum 40

Voting 40

Validity 41

Recording of dissent 41

Written resolutions 41

Sole directors minute 41

iii

20 Permissible Directors interests and disclosure 41

Permissible interests subject to disclosure 41

Notification of interests 42

Voting where a director is interested in a matter 42

21 Minutes 43

22 Accounts and audit 43

Accounting and other records 43

No automatic right of inspection 43

Sending of accounts and reports 43

Time of receipt if documents are published on a website 44

Validity despite accidental error in publication on website 44

23 Financial year 45

24 Record dates 45

25 Dividends 45

Declaration of dividends by Members 45

Payment of interim dividends and declaration of final dividends by Directors 46

Apportionment of dividends 46

Right of set off 47

Power to pay other than in cash 47

How payments may be made 47

Dividends or other moneys not to bear interest in absence of special rights 48

Dividends unable to be paid or unclaimed 48

26 Capitalisation of profits 48

Capitalisation of profits or of any share premium account or capital redemption reserve 48

Applying an amount for the benefit of members 48

27 Share premium account 49

Directors to maintain share premium account 49

Debits to share premium account 49

28 Seal 49

Company seal 49

Duplicate seal 49

When and how seal is to be used 49

If no seal is adopted or used 50

Power to allow non-manual signatures and facsimile printing of seal 50

Validity of execution 50

29 Indemnity 50

Indemnity 50

Release 51

Insurance 51

Form of notices 52

iv

Electronic communications 52

Persons authorised to give notices 52

Delivery of written notices 52

Joint holders 52

Signatures 53

Evidence of transmission 53

Giving notice to a deceased or bankrupt Member 53

Date of giving notices 53

Saving provision 54

30 Authentication of Electronic Records 54

Application of Articles 54

Authentication of documents sent by Members by Electronic means 54

Authentication of document sent by the Secretary or Officers of the Company by Electronic means 54

Manner of signing 55

Saving provision 55

31 Transfer by way of continuation 55

32 Winding up 56

Distribution of assets in specie 56

No obligation to accept liability 56

The Directors are authorised to present a winding up petition 56

33 Amendment of Memorandum and Articles 56

Power to change name or amend Memorandum 56

Power to amend these Articles 57

34 Mergers and Consolidations 57

35 Business Combination 57

36 Certain Tax Filings 60

37 Business Opportunities 60

38 Exclusive Jurisdiction and Forum 61

v

Companies Act (Revised)

Company Limited by Shares

Amended and Restated Articles of Association

of

Quartzsea Acquisition Corporation

(Adopted by special resolution passed on 14 March 2025 and with effect from 14 March 2025)

1 Definitions, interpretation and exclusion of Table A

Definitions

1.1 In these Articles, the following definitions apply:

Act means the Companies Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands, including any statutory modification or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force.

Amendment has the meaning ascribed to it in Article 35.11.

Amendment Redemption Event has the meaning ascribed to it in Article 35.11.

Applicable Law means, with respect to any person, all provisions of laws, statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations, permits, certificates, judgments, decisions, decrees or orders of any governmental authority applicable to such person.

Approved Amendment has the meaning ascribed to it in Article 35.11.

Articles means, as appropriate:

(a) these articles of association as amended from time to time: or

(b) two or more particular articles of these Articles;

and Article refers to a particular article of these Articles.

Audit Committee means the audit committee of the Company formed pursuant to Article 22.8 hereof, or any successor audit committee.

Auditor means the person for the time being performing the duties of auditor of the Company.

Automatic Redemption Event shall have the meaning given to it in Article 35.2.

Board means the board of Directors from time to time.

Business Combination shall mean the initial acquisition by the Company, whether through a merger, share reconstruction or amalgamation, asset or share acquisition, exchangeable share transaction, contractual control arrangement or other similar type of transaction, with a Target Business at Fair Value.

1

Business Day means a day other than (a) a day on which banking institutions or trust companies are authorised or obligated by law to close in New York City, (b) a Saturday or (c) a Sunday.

Cayman Islands means the British Overseas Territory of the Cayman Islands.

Clear Days, in relation to a period of notice, means that period excluding:

(a) the day when the notice is given or deemed to be given; and

(b) the day for which it is given or on which it is to take effect.

Clearing House means a clearing house recognised by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on a stock exchange or interdealer quotation system in such jurisdiction.

Company means the above-named company.

Default Rate means 10% (ten per cent) per annum.

Designated Stock Exchange means Nasdaq Global Market or any other national securities exchange on which the Shares are listed for trading.

Directors means the directors for the time being of the Company and the expression Director shall be construed accordingly.

Electronic has the meaning given to that term in the Electronic Transactions Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands.

Electronic Communication Facilities means video, video-conferencing, internet or online conferencing applications, telephone or tele-conferencing and/or any other video-communications, internet or online conferencing application or telecommunications facilities by means of which all persons participating in a meeting are capable of hearing and being heard by each other.

Electronic Record has the meaning given to that term in the Electronic Transactions Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands.

Electronic Signature has the meaning given to that term in the Electronic Transactions Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands.

Equity-Linked Securities means any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for Ordinary Shares issued in a financing transaction in connection with a Business Combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt.

2

Exchange Act means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Fair Value shall mean a value at least equal to 80% of the balance in the Trust Account (excluding any taxes payable on the Trust Account balance) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for a Business Combination.

Fully Paid and Paid Up:

(a) in relation to a Share with par value, means that the par value for that Share and any premium payable in respect of the issue of that Share, has been fully paid or credited as paid in money or moneys worth;

(b) in relation to a Share without par value, means that the agreed issue price for that Share has been fully paid or credited as paid in money or moneys worth.

Independent Director means a director who is an independent director as defined in the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange as determined by the Directors.

Initial Shareholders means the Sponsor, the Directors and officers of the Company or their respective affiliates who hold Shares prior to the IPO.

IPO means the initial public offering of securities of the Company.

Member means any person or persons entered on the Register of Members from time to time as the holder of a Share.

Memorandum means the memorandum of association of the Company as amended from time to time.

Officer means a person then appointed to hold an office in the Company; and the expression includes a director, alternate director or liquidator.

Ordinary Resolution means a resolution of a duly constituted general meeting of the Company passed by a simple majority of the votes cast by, or on behalf of, the Members who (being entitled to do so) vote in person or by proxy or, in the case of corporation, by their duly authorised representatives, at that meeting). The expression also includes a unanimous written resolution.

Ordinary Shares means the ordinary shares of US$0.0001 par value each of the Company.

Over-Allotment Option means the option of the Underwriters to purchase up to an additional 900,000 units (as described at Article 2.4) sold in the IPO at a price equal to US$10.00 per unit, less underwriting discount and commissions.

Per-Share Redemption Price means:

(a) with respect to an Automatic Redemption Event, the aggregate amount on deposit in the Trust Account (including interest not previously released to us, which shall be net of taxes payable, and less up to US$50,000 of interest to pay liquidation and dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares;

3

(b) with respect to an Amendment Redemption Event, the aggregate amount on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned but net of taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares; and

(c) with respect to either a Tender Redemption Offer or a Redemption Offer, the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account (net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares.

Public Share means the Ordinary Shares included in the units issued in the IPO (as described in Article 2.4).

Redemption Offer has the meaning ascribed to it in Article 35.5(b).

Register of Members means the register of Members maintained in accordance with the Act and includes (except where otherwise stated) any branch or duplicate register of Members.

Registration Statement has the meaning ascribed to it in Article 35.10.

SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Secretary means a person appointed to perform the duties of the secretary of the Company, including a joint, assistant or deputy secretary.

Share means a share in the share capital of the Company; and the expression:

(a) includes stock (except where a distinction between shares and stock is expressed or implied); and

(b) where the context permits, also includes a fraction of a share.

Special Resolution has the meaning given to that term in the Act; and the expression includes a unanimous written resolution.

Sponsor means Blue Jay Investment LLC, being the sole Member immediately prior to the consummation of the IPO.

Sponsor Group means the Sponsor and its respective affiliates, successors and assigns.

Target Business means any businesses or entity with whom the Company wishes to undertake a Business Combination.

Target Business Acquisition Period shall mean the period commencing from the effectiveness of the registration statement filed with the SEC in connection with the Companys IPO up to and including the first to occur of (i) a Business Combination; or (ii) the Termination Date.

4

Tax Filing Authorised Person means such person as any director shall designate from time to time, acting severally.

Tender Redemption Offer has the meaning ascribed to it in Article 35.5(a).

Termination Date has the meaning given to it in Article 35.2.

Treasury Shares means Shares of the Company held in treasury pursuant to the Act and Article 2.16.

Trust Account means the trust account established by the Company upon the consummation of its IPO and into which a certain amount of the net proceeds of the IPO, together with a certain amount from the sale of the private placement units simultaneously with the closing date of the IPO, will be deposited.

Underwriter means an underwriter of the IPO from time to time, and any successor underwriter.

Virtual Meeting means any general meeting of the Members at which the Members (and any other permitted participants of such meeting, including without limitation the chairman of the meeting and any Directors) are permitted to attend and participate solely by means of Electronic Communication Facilities.

Interpretation

1.2 In the interpretation of these Articles, the following provisions apply unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) A reference in these Articles to a statute is a reference to a statute of the Cayman Islands as known by its short title, and includes:

(i) any statutory modification, amendment or re-enactment; and

(ii) any subordinate legislation or regulations issued under that statute.

Without limitation to the preceding sentence, a reference to a revised Act of the Cayman Islands is taken to be a reference to the revision of that Act in force from time to time as amended from time to time.

(b) Headings are inserted for convenience only and do not affect the interpretation of these Articles, unless there is ambiguity.

(c) If a day on which any act, matter or thing is to be done under these Articles is not a Business Day, the act, matter or thing must be done on the next Business Day.

(d) A word which denotes the singular also denotes the plural, a word which denotes the plural also denotes the singular, and a reference to any gender also denotes the other genders.

5

(e) A reference to a person includes, as appropriate, a company, trust, partnership, joint venture, association, body corporate or government agency.

(f) Where a word or phrase is given a defined meaning another part of speech or grammatical form in respect to that word or phrase has a corresponding meaning.

(g) All references to time are to be calculated by reference to time in the place where the Companys registered office is located.

(h) The words written and in writing include all modes of representing or reproducing words in a visible form, but do not include an Electronic Record where the distinction between a document in writing and an Electronic Record is expressed or implied.

(i) The words including, include and in particular or any similar expression are to be construed without limitation.

(j) The term present means, in respect of any person attending a meeting, such persons presence at a general meeting of Members (or any meeting of the holders of any class of Shares), which may be satisfied by means of such person or, if a corporation or other non-natural person, its duly authorized representative (or, in the case of any Member, a proxy which has been validly appointed by such Member in accordance with these Articles), being: (a) physically present at the meeting; or (b) in the case of any meeting at which Electronic Communication Facilities are permitted in accordance with these Articles, including any Virtual Meeting, connected by means of the use of such Electronic Communication Facilities.

Exclusion of Table A Articles

1.3 The regulations contained in Table A in the First Schedule of the Act and any other regulations contained in any statute or subordinate legislation are expressly excluded and do not apply to the Company.

2 Shares

Power to issue Shares and options, with or without special rights

2.1 Subject to the provisions of the Act and these Articles and, where applicable, the rules of the Designated Stock Exchange and/or any competent regulatory authority, and without prejudice to any rights attached to any existing Shares, the Directors have general and unconditional authority to allot (with or without confirming rights of renunciation), issue, grant options over or otherwise deal with any unissued Shares of the Company to such persons, at such times and on such terms and conditions as they may decide. No Share may be issued at a discount except in accordance with the provisions of the Act.

2.2 Without limitation to the preceding Article, the Directors may so deal with the unissued Shares of the Company:

(a) either at a premium or at par; or

6

(b) with or without preferred, deferred or other special rights or restrictions whether in regard to dividend, voting, return of capital or otherwise.

Notwithstanding the above, following an IPO and prior to a Business Combination, the Company may not issue additional Shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the Trust Account or (ii) vote on any Business Combination.

2.3 The Company may issue rights, options, warrants or convertible securities or securities of similar nature conferring the right upon the holders thereof to subscribe for, purchase or receive any class of Shares or other securities in the Company at such times and on such terms and conditions as the Directors may decide.

2.4 The Company may issue units of securities in the Company, which may be comprised of Shares, rights, options, warrants or convertible securities or securities of similar nature conferring the right upon the holders thereof to subscribe for, purchase or receive any class of Shares or other securities in the Company, on such terms and conditions as the Directors may decide. The securities comprising any such units which are issued pursuant to the IPO can only be traded separately from one another on the 52nd day following the date of the prospectus relating to the IPO unless the managing Underwriter determines that an earlier date is acceptable, subject to the Company having filed a current report on Form 8-K containing an audited balance sheet reflecting the Companys receipt of the gross proceeds of the IPO with the SEC and a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. Prior to such date, the units can be traded, but the securities comprising such units cannot be traded separately from one another.

2.5 Each Share in the Company confers upon the Member:

(a) subject to Article 33, the right to one vote at a meeting of the Members of the Company or on any resolution of Members;

(b) the right to be redeemed on an Automatic Redemption Event in accordance with Article 35.2 or pursuant to either a Tender Redemption Offer or Redemption Offer in accordance with Article 35.5 or pursuant to an Amendment Redemption Event in accordance with Article 35.11;

(c) a pro rata right in any dividend paid by the Company; and

(d) subject to satisfaction of and compliance with Article 35, a pro rata right in the distribution of the surplus assets of the Company on its liquidation provided that in the event that the Company enters liquidation prior to or without having consummated a Business Combination then, in such circumstances, in the event any surplus assets (Residual Assets) of the Company remain following the Company having complied with its applicable obligations to redeem Public Shares and distribute the funds held in the Trust Account in respect of such redemptions pursuant to Article 35, the Public Shares shall not have any right to receive any share of those Residual Assets which are held outside the Trust Account and such Residual Assets shall be distributed (on a pro rata basis) only in respect of those Shares that are not Public Shares. Power to issue fractions of a Share

7

2.6 Subject to the Act, the Company may, but shall not otherwise be obliged to, issue fractions of a Share of any class or round up or down fractional holdings of Shares to its nearest whole number. A fraction of a Share shall be subject to and carry the corresponding fraction of liabilities (whether with respect to calls or otherwise), limitations, preferences, privileges, qualifications, restrictions, rights and other attributes of a Share of that class of Shares.

Power to pay commissions and brokerage fees

2.7 The Company may, in so far as the Act permits, pay a commission to any person in consideration of that person:

(a) subscribing or agreeing to subscribe, whether absolutely or conditionally; or

(b) procuring or agreeing to procure subscriptions, whether absolute or conditional

for any Shares in the Company. That commission may be satisfied by the payment of cash or the allotment of Fully Paid or partly-paid Shares or partly in one way and partly in another.

2.8 The Company may employ a broker in the issue of its capital and pay him any proper commission or brokerage.

Trusts not recognised

2.9 Except as required by Applicable Law:

(a) the Company shall not be bound by or compelled to recognise in any way (even when notified) any equitable, contingent, future or partial interest in any Share, or (except only as is otherwise provided by the Articles) any other rights in respect of any Share other than an absolute right to the entirety thereof in the holder; and

(b) no person other than the Member shall be recognised by the Company as having any right in a Share.

Power to vary class rights

2.10 If the share capital is divided into different classes of Shares then, unless the terms on which a class of Shares was issued state otherwise, the rights attaching to a class of Shares may only be varied if one of the following applies:

(a) the Members holding two thirds of the issued Shares of that class consent in writing to the variation; or

(b) the variation is made with the sanction of a Special Resolution passed at a separate general meeting of the Members holding the issued Shares of that class.

8

2.11 For the purpose of paragraph (b) of the preceding Article, all the provisions of these Articles relating to general meetings apply, mutatis mutandis, to every such separate meeting except that:

(a) the necessary quorum shall be one or more persons holding, or representing by proxy, not less than one third of the issued Shares of the class; and

(b) any Member holding issued Shares of the class, present in person or by proxy or, in the case of a corporate Member, by its duly authorised representative, may demand a poll.

2.12 Notwithstanding Article 2.10, unless the proposed variation is for the purposes of approving, or in conjunction with, the consummation of a Business Combination, prior to a Business Combination but subject always to the limitations set out in Article 33 in respect of amendments to the Memorandum and Articles, the rights attached to the Shares as specified in Article 2.5 may only, whether or not the Company is being wound up, be varied by a Special Resolution, and any such variation that has to be approved under this Article shall also be subject to compliance with Article 35.11.

Effect of new Share issue on existing class rights

2.13 Unless the terms on which a class of Shares was issued state otherwise, the rights conferred on the Member holding Shares of any class shall not be deemed to be varied by the creation or issue of further Shares ranking pari passu with the existing Shares of that class.

Capital contributions without issue of further Shares

2.14 With the consent of a Member, the Directors may accept a voluntary contribution to the capital of the Company from that Member without issuing Shares in consideration for that contribution. In that event, the contribution shall be dealt with in the following manner:

(a) It shall be treated as if it were a share premium.

(b) Unless the Member agrees otherwise:

(i) if the Member holds Shares in a single class of Shares - it shall be credited to the share premium account for that class of Shares;

(ii) if the Member holds Shares of more than one class - it shall be credited rateably to the share premium accounts for those classes of Shares (in the proportion that the sum of the issue prices for each class of Shares that the Member holds bears to the total issue prices for all classes of Shares that the Member holds).

(c) It shall be subject to the provisions of the Act and these Articles applicable to share premiums.

No bearer Shares or warrants

2.15 The Company shall not issue Shares or warrants to bearers.

9

Treasury Shares

2.16 Shares that the Company purchases, redeems or acquires by way of surrender in accordance with the Act shall be held as Treasury Shares and not treated as cancelled if:

(a) the Directors so determine prior to the purchase, redemption or surrender of those shares; and

(b) the relevant provisions of the Memorandum and Articles and the Act are otherwise complied with.

Rights attaching to Treasury Shares and related matters

2.17 No dividend may be declared or paid, and no other distribution (whether in cash or otherwise) of the Companys assets (including any distribution of assets to members on a winding up) may be made to the Company in respect of a Treasury Share.

2.18 The Company shall be entered in the Register as the holder of the Treasury Shares. However:

(a) the Company shall not be treated as a member for any purpose and shall not exercise any right in respect of the Treasury Shares, and any purported exercise of such a right shall be void;

(b) a Treasury Share shall not be voted, directly or indirectly, at any meeting of the Company and shall not be counted in determining the total number of issued shares at any given time, whether for the purposes of these Articles or the Act.

2.19 Nothing in the preceding Article prevents an allotment of Shares as fully paid bonus shares in respect of a Treasury Share and Shares allotted as fully paid bonus shares in respect of a Treasury Share shall be treated as Treasury Shares.

2.20 Treasury Shares may be disposed of by the Company in accordance with the Act and otherwise on such terms and conditions as the Directors determine.

3 Register of Members

3.1 The Company shall maintain or cause to be maintained the Register of Members in accordance with the Act.

3.2 The Directors may determine that the Company shall maintain one or more branch registers of Members in accordance with the Act. The Directors may also determine which Register of Members shall constitute the principal register and which shall constitute the branch register or registers, and to vary such determination from time to time.

3.3 The title to Shares listed on a Designated Stock Exchange may be evidenced and transferred in accordance with the laws applicable to the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange and, for these purposes, the Register of Members may be maintained in accordance with section 40B of the Act.

10

Annual Return

3.4 The Directors in each calendar year shall prepare or cause to be prepared an annual return and declaration setting forth the particulars required by the Act and shall deliver a copy thereof to the registrar of companies for the Cayman Islands.

4 Share certificates

Issue of share certificates

4.1 A Member shall only be entitled to a share certificate if the Directors resolve that share certificates shall be issued. Share certificates representing Shares, if any, shall be in such form as the Directors may determine. If the Directors resolve that share certificates shall be issued, upon being entered in the register of Members as the holder of a Share, the Directors may issue to any Member:

(a) without payment, one certificate for all the Shares of each class held by that Member (and, upon transferring a part of the Members holding of Shares of any class, to a certificate for the balance of that holding); and

(b) upon payment of such reasonable sum as the Directors may determine for every certificate after the first, several certificates each for one or more of that Members Shares.

4.2 Every certificate shall specify the number, class and distinguishing numbers (if any) of the Shares to which it relates and whether they are Fully Paid or partly paid up. A certificate may be executed under seal or executed in such other manner as the Directors determine.

4.3 Every certificate shall bear legends required under the Applicable Laws.

4.4 The Company shall not be bound to issue more than one certificate for Shares held jointly by several persons and delivery of a certificate for a Share to one joint holder shall be a sufficient delivery to all of them.

Renewal of lost or damaged share certificates

4.5 If a share certificate is defaced, worn-out, lost or destroyed, it may be renewed on such terms (if any) as to:

(a) evidence;

(b) indemnity;

(c) payment of the expenses reasonably incurred by the Company in investigating the evidence; and

(d) payment of a reasonable fee, if any, for issuing a replacement share certificate

as the Directors may determine, and (in the case of defacement or wearing-out) on delivery to the Company of the old certificate.

11

5 Lien on Shares

Nature and scope of lien

5.1 The Company has a first and paramount lien on all Shares (whether Fully Paid or not) registered in the name of a Member (whether solely or jointly with others). The lien is for all moneys payable to the Company by the Member or the Members estate:

(a) either alone or jointly with any other person, whether or not that other person is a Member; and

(b) whether or not those moneys are presently payable.

5.2 At any time the Directors may declare any Share to be wholly or partly exempt from the provisions of this Article.

Company may sell Shares to satisfy lien

5.3 The Company may sell any Shares over which it has a lien if all of the following conditions are met:

(a) the sum in respect of which the lien exists is presently payable;

(b) the Company gives notice to the Member holding the Share (or to the person entitled to it in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of that Member) demanding payment and stating that if the notice is not complied with the Shares may be sold; and

(c) that sum is not paid within fourteen (14) Clear Days after that notice is deemed to be given under these Articles,

and Shares to which this Article 5.3 applies shall be referred to as Lien Default Shares.

5.4 The Lien Default Shares may be sold in such manner as the Directors determine.

5.5 To the maximum extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Directors shall incur no personal liability to the Member concerned in respect of the sale.

Authority to execute instrument of transfer

5.6 To give effect to a sale, the Directors may authorise any person to execute an instrument of transfer of the Lien Default Shares sold to, or in accordance with the directions of, the purchaser. The title of the transferee of the Lien Default Shares shall not be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the proceedings in respect of the sale.

12

Consequences of sale of Shares to satisfy lien

5.7 On sale pursuant to the preceding Articles:

(a) the name of the Member concerned shall be removed from the Register of Members as the holder of those Lien Default Shares; and

(b) that person shall deliver to the Company for cancellation the certificate for those Lien Default Shares.

Despite this, that person shall remain liable to the Company for all monies which, at the date of sale, were presently payable by him to the Company in respect of those Lien Default Shares. That person shall also be liable to pay interest on those monies from the date of sale until payment at the rate at which interest was payable before that sale or, failing that, at the Default Rate. The Board may waive payment wholly or in part or enforce payment without any allowance for the value of the Lien Default Shares at the time of sale or for any consideration received on their disposal.

Application of proceeds of sale

5.8 The net proceeds of the sale, after payment of the costs, shall be applied in payment of so much of the sum for which the lien exists as is presently payable. Any residue shall be paid to the person whose Lien Default Shares have been sold:

(a) if no certificate for the Lien Default Shares was issued, at the date of the sale; or

(b) if a certificate for the Lien Default Shares was issued, upon surrender to the Company of that certificate for cancellation

but, in either case, subject to the Company retaining a like lien for all sums not presently payable as existed on the Lien Default Shares before the sale.

6 Calls on Shares and forfeiture

Power to make calls and effect of calls

6.1 Subject to the terms of allotment, the Board may make calls on the Members in respect of any monies unpaid on their Shares including any premium. The call may provide for payment to be by instalments. Subject to receiving at least 14 Clear Days notice specifying when and where payment is to be made, each Member shall pay to the Company the amount called on his Shares as required by the notice.

6.2 Before receipt by the Company of any sum due under a call, that call may be revoked in whole or in part and payment of a call may be postponed in whole or in part. Where a call is to be paid in instalments, the Company may revoke the call in respect of all or any remaining instalments in whole or in part and may postpone payment of all or any of the remaining instalments in whole or in part.

13

6.3 A Member on whom a call is made shall remain liable for that call notwithstanding the subsequent transfer of the Shares in respect of which the call was made. A person shall not be liable for calls made after such person is no longer registered as Member in respect of those Shares.

Time when call made

6.4 A call shall be deemed to have been made at the time when the resolution of the Directors authorising the call was passed.

Liability of joint holders

6.5 Members registered as the joint holders of a Share shall be jointly and severally liable to pay all calls in respect of the Share.

Interest on unpaid calls

6.6 If a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable the person from whom it is due and payable shall pay interest on the amount unpaid from the day it became due and payable until it is paid:

(a) at the rate fixed by the terms of allotment of the Share or in the notice of the call; or

(b) if no rate is fixed, at the Default Rate.

The Directors may waive payment of the interest wholly or in part.

Deemed calls

6.7 Any amount payable in respect of a Share, whether on allotment or on a fixed date or otherwise, shall be deemed to be payable as a call. If the amount is not paid when due the provisions of these Articles shall apply as if the amount had become due and payable by virtue of a call.

Power to accept early payment

6.8 The Company may accept from a Member the whole or a part of the amount remaining unpaid on Shares held by him although no part of that amount has been called up.

Power to make different arrangements at time of issue of Shares

6.9 Subject to the terms of allotment, the Directors may make arrangements on the issue of Shares to distinguish between Members in the amounts and times of payment of calls on their Shares.

14

Notice of default

6.10 If a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable the Directors may give to the person from whom it is due not less than 14 Clear Days notice requiring payment of:

(a) the amount unpaid;

(b) any interest which may have accrued; and

(c) any expenses which have been incurred by the Company due to that persons default.

6.11 The notice shall state the following:

(a) the place where payment is to be made; and

(b) a warning that if the notice is not complied with the Shares in respect of which the call is made will be liable to be forfeited.

Forfeiture or surrender of Shares

6.12 If the notice given pursuant to Article 6.10 is not complied with, the Directors may, before the payment required by the notice has been received, resolve that any Share the subject of that notice be forfeited. The forfeiture shall include all dividends or other monies payable in respect of the forfeited Share and not paid before the forfeiture. Despite the foregoing, the Board may determine that any Share the subject of that notice be accepted by the Company as surrendered by the Member holding that Share in lieu of forfeiture.

6.13 The Directors may accept the surrender for no consideration of any Fully Paid Share.

Disposal of forfeited or surrendered Share and power to cancel forfeiture or surrender

6.14 A forfeited or surrendered Share may be sold, re-allotted or otherwise disposed of on such terms and in such manner as the Board determine either to the former Member who held that Share or to any other person. The forfeiture or surrender may be cancelled on such terms as the Directors think fit at any time before a sale, re-allotment or other disposition. Where, for the purposes of its disposal, a forfeited or surrendered Share is to be transferred to any person, the Directors may authorise some person to execute an instrument of transfer of the Share to the transferee.

Effect of forfeiture or surrender on former Member

6.15 On forfeiture or surrender:

(a) the name of the Member concerned shall be removed from the Register of Members as the holder of those Shares and that person shall cease to be a Member in respect of those Shares; and

(b) that person shall surrender to the Company for cancellation the certificate (if any) for the forfeited or surrendered Shares.

15

6.16 Despite the forfeiture or surrender of his Shares, that person shall remain liable to the Company for all monies which at the date of forfeiture or surrender were presently payable by him to the Company in respect of those Shares together with:

(a) all expenses; and

(b) interest from the date of forfeiture or surrender until payment:

(i) at the rate of which interest was payable on those monies before forfeiture; or

(ii) if no interest was so payable, at the Default Rate.

The Directors, however, may waive payment wholly or in part.

Evidence of forfeiture or surrender

6.17 A declaration, whether statutory or under oath, made by a Director or the Secretary shall be conclusive evidence of the following matters stated in it as against all persons claiming to be entitled to forfeited Shares:

(a) that the person making the declaration is a Director or Secretary of the Company, and

(b) that the particular Shares have been forfeited or surrendered on a particular date.

Subject to the execution of an instrument of transfer, if necessary, the declaration shall constitute good title to the Shares.

Sale of forfeited or surrendered Shares

6.18 Any person to whom the forfeited or surrendered Shares are disposed of shall not be bound to see to the application of the consideration, if any, of those Shares nor shall his title to the Shares be affected by any irregularity in, or invalidity of the proceedings in respect of, the forfeiture, surrender or disposal of those Shares.

7 Transfer of Shares

Form of transfer

7.1 Subject to the following Articles about the transfer of Shares, and provided that such transfer complies with applicable rules of the SEC, the Designated Stock Exchange and federal and state securities laws of the United States, a Member may transfer Shares to another person by completing an instrument of transfer in a common form or in a form prescribed by the Designated Stock Exchange or in any other form approved by the Directors, executed:

(a) where the Shares are Fully Paid, by or on behalf of that Member; and

(b) where the Shares are partly paid, by or on behalf of that Member and the transferee.

7.2 The transferor shall be deemed to remain the holder of a Share until the name of the transferee is entered into the Register of Members.

16

Power to refuse registration

7.3 If the Shares in question were issued in conjunction with rights, options or warrants issued pursuant to Article 2.4 on terms that one cannot be transferred without the other, the Directors shall refuse to register the transfer of any such Share without evidence satisfactory to them of the like transfer of such option or warrant.

Power to suspend registration

7.4 The Directors may suspend registration of the transfer of Shares at such times and for such periods, not exceeding 30 days in any calendar year, as they determine.

Company may retain instrument of transfer

7.5 The Company shall be entitled to retain any instrument of transfer which is registered; but an instrument of transfer which the Directors refuse to register shall be returned to the person lodging it when notice of the refusal is given.

8 Transmission of Shares

Persons entitled on death of a Member

8.1 If a Member dies, the only persons recognised by the Company as having any title to the deceased Members interest are the following:

(a) where the deceased Member was a joint holder, the survivor or survivors; and

(b) where the deceased Member was a sole holder, that Members personal representative or representatives.

8.2 Nothing in these Articles shall release the deceased Members estate from any liability in respect of any Share, whether the deceased was a sole holder or a joint holder.

Registration of transfer of a Share following death or bankruptcy

8.3 A person becoming entitled to a Share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a Member may elect to do either of the following:

(a) to become the holder of the Share; or

(b) to transfer the Share to another person.

8.4 That person must produce such evidence of his entitlement as the Directors may properly require.

8.5 If the person elects to become the holder of the Share, he must give notice to the Company to that effect. For the purposes of these Articles, that notice shall be treated as though it were an executed instrument of transfer.

17

8.6 If the person elects to transfer the Share to another person then:

(a) if the Share is Fully Paid, the transferor must execute an instrument of transfer; and

(b) if the Share is partly paid, the transferor and the transferee must execute an instrument of transfer.

8.7 All the Articles relating to the transfer of Shares shall apply to the notice or, as appropriate, the instrument of transfer.

Indemnity

8.8 A person registered as a Member by reason of the death or bankruptcy of another Member shall indemnify the Company and the Directors against any loss or damage suffered by the Company or the Directors as a result of that registration.

Rights of person entitled to a Share following death or bankruptcy

8.9 A person becoming entitled to a Share by reason of the death or bankruptcy of a Member shall have the rights to which he would be entitled if he were registered as the holder of the Share. However, until he is registered as Member in respect of the Share, he shall not be entitled to attend or vote at any meeting of the Company or at any separate meeting of the holders of that class of Shares in the Company.

9 Alteration of capital

Increasing, consolidating, converting, dividing and cancelling share capital

9.1 To the fullest extent permitted by the Act, the Company may by Ordinary Resolution do any of the following and amend its Memorandum for that purpose:

(a) increase its share capital by new Shares of the amount fixed by that Ordinary Resolution and with the attached rights, priorities and privileges set out in that Ordinary Resolution;

(b) consolidate and divide all or any of its share capital into Shares of larger amount than its existing Shares;

(c) convert all or any of its Paid Up Shares into stock, and reconvert that stock into Paid Up Shares of any denomination;

(d) sub-divide its Shares or any of them into Shares of an amount smaller than that fixed by the Memorandum, so, however, that in the sub-division, the proportion between the amount paid and the amount, if any, unpaid on each reduced Share shall be the same as it was in case of the Share from which the reduced Share is derived; and

(e) cancel Shares which, at the date of the passing of that Ordinary Resolution, have not been taken or agreed to be taken by any person, and diminish the amount of its share capital by the amount of the Shares so cancelled or, in the case of Shares without nominal par value, diminish the number of Shares into which its capital is divided.

18

Dealing with fractions resulting from consolidation of Shares

9.2 Whenever, as a result of a consolidation of Shares, any Members would become entitled to fractions of a Share the Directors may on behalf of those Members deal with the fractions as it thinks fit, including (without limitation):

(a) either round up or down the fraction to the nearest whole number, such rounding to be determined by the Directors acting in their sole discretion;

(b) sell the Shares representing the fractions for the best price reasonably obtainable to any person (including, subject to the provisions of the Act, the Company); or

(c) distribute the net proceeds in due proportion among those Members.

For that purpose, the Directors may authorise some person to execute an instrument of transfer of the Shares to, or in accordance with the directions of, the purchaser. The transferee shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase money nor shall the transferees title to the Shares be affected by any irregularity in, or invalidity of, the proceedings in respect of the sale.

Reducing share capital

9.3 Subject to the Act and to any rights for the time being conferred on the Members holding a particular class of Shares, the Company may, by Special Resolution, reduce its share capital in any way.

10 Redemption and purchase of own Shares

Power to issue redeemable Shares and to purchase own Shares

10.1 Subject to the Act and Article 35, and to any rights for the time being conferred on the Members holding a particular class of Shares and where applicable, the rules of the Designated Stock Exchange and/or any competent regulatory authority, the Company may by its Directors:

(a) issue Shares that are to be redeemed or liable to be redeemed, at the option of the Company or the Member holding those redeemable Shares, on the terms and in the manner its Directors determine before the issue of those Shares;

(b) with the consent by Special Resolution of the Members holding Shares of a particular class, vary the rights attaching to that class of Shares so as to provide that those Shares are to be redeemed or are liable to be redeemed at the option of the Company on the terms and in the manner which the Directors determine at the time of such variation; and

19

(c) purchase all or any of its own Shares of any class including any redeemable Shares on the terms and in the manner which the Directors determine at the time of such purchase.

The Company may make a payment in respect of the redemption or purchase of its own Shares in any manner authorised by the Act, including out of any combination of the following: capital, its profits and the proceeds of a fresh issue of Shares.

10.2 With respect to redeeming or repurchasing the Shares:

(a) Members who hold Public Shares are entitled to request the redemption of such Shares in the circumstances described in Article 35.5;

(b) Certain Ordinary Shares held by the Sponsor shall, following consummation of the IPO, be surrendered by the Sponsor on a pro rata basis for no consideration to the extent that the Over-Allotment Option is not exercised in full so that the Ordinary Shares will at all times represent 35% of the Companys Public Shares issued in the IPO; and

(c) Public Shares shall be repurchased by way of tender offer in the circumstances set out in Article 35.5.

Power to pay for redemption or purchase in cash or in specie

10.3 When making a payment in respect of the redemption or purchase of Shares, the Directors may make the payment in cash or in specie (or partly in one and partly in the other) if so authorised by the terms of the allotment of those Shares, or by the terms applying to those Shares in accordance with Article 10.1, or otherwise by agreement with the Member holding those Shares.

Effect of redemption or purchase of a Share

10.4 Upon the date of redemption or purchase of a Share:

(a) the Member holding that Share shall cease to be entitled to any rights in respect of the Share other than the right to receive:

(i) the price for the Share; and

(ii) any dividend declared in respect of the Share prior to the date of redemption or purchase;

(b) the Members name shall be removed from the Register of Members with respect to the Share; and

(c) the Share shall be cancelled or held as a Treasury Share, as the Directors may determine.

For the purpose of this Article, the date of redemption or purchase is the date when the redemption or purchase falls due.

10.5 For the avoidance of doubt, redemptions and repurchases of Shares in the circumstances described in Articles 10.2(a), 10.2(b) and 10.2(c) above shall not require further approval of the Members.

20

11 Meetings of Members

Power to call meetings

11.1 To the extent required by the Designated Stock Exchange, an annual general meeting of the Company shall be held no later than one year after the first financial year end occurring after the IPO, and shall be held in each year thereafter at such time as determined by the Directors and the Company may, but shall not (unless required by the Act or the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange) be obliged to, in each year hold any other general meeting.

11.2 The agenda of the annual general meeting shall be set by the Directors and shall include the presentation of the Companys annual accounts and the report of the Directors (if any).

11.3 Annual general meetings shall be held in New York, USA or in such other places as the Directors may determine.

11.4 All general meetings other than annual general meetings shall be called extraordinary general meetings and the Company shall specify the meeting as such in the notices calling it.

11.5 The Directors may call a general meeting at any time.

11.6 If there are insufficient Directors to constitute a quorum and the remaining Directors are unable to agree on the appointment of additional Directors, the Directors must call a general meeting for the purpose of appointing additional Directors.

11.7 The Directors must also call a general meeting if requisitioned in the manner set out in the next two Articles.

11.8 The requisition must be in writing and given by one or more Members who together hold at least ten per cent (10%) of the rights to vote at such general meeting.

11.9 The requisition must also:

(a) specify the purpose of the meeting;

(b) be signed by or on behalf of each requisitioner (and for this purpose each joint holder shall be obliged to sign). The requisition may consist of several documents in like form signed by one or more of the requisitioners; and

(c) be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions.

21

11.10 Should the Directors fail to call a general meeting within 21 Clear Days from the date of receipt of a requisition, the requisitioners or any of them may call a general meeting within three months after the end of that period.

11.11 Without limitation to the foregoing, if there are insufficient Directors to constitute a quorum and the remaining Directors are unable to agree on the appointment of additional Directors, any one or more Members who together hold at least ten per cent (10%) of the rights to vote at a general meeting may call a general meeting for the purpose of considering the business specified in the notice of meeting which shall include as an item of business the appointment of additional directors.

11.12 Members seeking to bring business before the annual general meeting or to nominate candidates for election as Directors at the annual general meeting must deliver notice to the principal executive offices of the Company not later than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the scheduled date of the annual general meeting.

Content of notice

11.13 Notice of a general meeting shall specify each of the following:

(a) the place, the date and the hour of the meeting;

(b) whether the meeting will be held virtually, at a physical place or both;

(c) if the meeting is to be held in any part at a physical place, the address of such place;

(d) if the meeting is to be held in two or more places, or in any part virtually, the Electronic Communication Facilities that will be used to facilitate the meeting, including the procedures to be followed by any Member or other participant of the meeting who wishes to utilise such Electronic Communication Facilities for the purposes of attending and participating such meeting;

(e) subject to paragraph (f) and the requirements of (to the extent application) the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the general nature of the business to be transacted; and

(f) if a resolution is proposed as a Special Resolution, the text of that resolution.

11.14 In each notice there shall appear with reasonable prominence the following statements:

(a) that a Member who is entitled to attend and vote is entitled to appoint one or more proxies to attend and vote instead of that Member; and

(b) that a proxyholder need not be a Member.

22

Period of notice

11.15 At least ten (10) days notice of a general meeting must be given to Members, provided that a general meeting of the Company shall, whether or not the notice specified in this Article has been given and whether or not the provisions of the Articles regarding general meetings have been complied with, be deemed to have been duly convened if it is so agreed:

(a) in the case of an annual general meeting, by all of the Members entitled to attend and vote thereat; and

(b) in the case of an extraordinary general meeting, by a majority in number of the Members having a right to attend and vote at the meeting, together holding at least 90% of the voting rights of all those who have a right to vote at that meeting.

Persons entitled to receive notice

11.16 Subject to the provisions of these Articles and to any restrictions imposed on any Shares, the notice shall be given to the following people:

(a) the Members;

(b) persons entitled to a Share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a Member; and

(c) the Directors.

Publication of notice on a website

11.17 Subject to the Act or the rules of the Designated Stock Exchange, a notice of a general meeting may be published on a website providing the recipient is given separate notice of:

(a) the publication of the notice on the website;

(b) the place on the website where the notice may be accessed;

(c) how it may be accessed; and

(d) the place, date and time of the general meeting.

11.18 If a Member notifies the Company that he is unable for any reason to access the website, the Company must as soon as practicable give notice of the meeting to that Member by any other means permitted by these Articles. This will not affect when that Member is deemed to have received notice of the meeting.

Time a website notice is deemed to be given

11.19 A website notice is deemed to be given when the Member is given notice of its publication.

23

Required duration of publication on a website

11.20 Where the notice of meeting is published on a website, it shall continue to be published in the same place on that website from the date of the notification until at least the conclusion of the meeting to which the notice relates.

Accidental omission to give notice or non-receipt of notice

11.21 Proceedings at a meeting shall not be invalidated by the following:

(a) an accidental failure to give notice of the meeting to any person entitled to notice; or

(b) non-receipt of notice of the meeting by any person entitled to notice.

11.22 In addition, where a notice of meeting is published on a website, proceedings at the meeting shall not be invalidated merely because it is accidentally published:

(a) in a different place on the website; or

(b) for part only of the period from the date of the notification until the conclusion of the meeting to which the notice relates.

12 Proceedings at meetings of Members

Quorum

12.1 Save as provided in the following Article, no business shall be transacted at any meeting unless a quorum is present in person or by proxy. One or more Members who together hold not less than a majority of the issued and outstanding Shares entitled to attend and vote at such meeting being individuals present in person or by proxy or if a corporation or other non-natural person by its duly authorised representative or proxy shall be a quorum.

Lack of quorum

12.2 If a quorum is not present at the meeting within fifteen (15) minutes of the time appointed for the meeting, or if at any time during the meeting it becomes inquorate, then the following provisions apply:

(a) If the meeting was requisitioned by Members, it shall be cancelled.

(b) In any other case, the meeting shall stand adjourned to the same time and place seven days hence, or to such other time or place as is determined by the Directors. If a quorum is not present at the meeting within fifteen (15) minutes of the time appointed for the adjourned meeting, then the Members present in person or by proxy at the meeting shall constitute a quorum.

24

Chairman

12.3 The chairman of a general meeting (including any Virtual Meeting) shall be the chairman of the Board or such other Director as the Directors may determine. Absent any such person being present at the meeting within fifteen (15) minutes of the time appointed for the meeting, the Directors present shall elect one of their number to chair the meeting. The chairman of the meeting shall be entitled to attend and participate at any such general meeting by means of Electronic Communication Facilities, and to act as the chairman of such general meeting, in which event the chairman of the meeting shall be deemed to be present at the meeting.

12.4 If no Director is present within fifteen (15) minutes of the time appointed for the meeting, or if no Director is willing to act as chairman, the Members present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote shall choose one of their number to chair the meeting.

Right of a Director to attend and speak

12.5 Even if a Director is not a Member, he shall be entitled to attend and speak at any general meeting and at any separate meeting of Members holding a particular class of Shares in the Company.

Use of technology & accommodation of Members at Virtual Meeting

12.6 A Member entitled to receive notice and attend a meeting will be deemed to be in attendance at such meeting despite their attendance being virtual if adequate facilities are available to ensure that the Member is able to:

(a) to participate in the business for which the meeting has been convened; and

(b) to hear all that happens at the meeting.

Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Directors may determine that any general meeting may be held as a Virtual Meeting.

Adjournment, postponement and cancellation

12.7 A meeting may be:

(a) postponed or cancelled prior to the meeting at the discretion of the Directors by written notice provided to all persons entitled to attend the meeting, unless the meeting was requisitioned by Members or otherwise called by Members pursuant to Article 11; or

(b) adjourned, with or without an appointed date for resumption, at any time during the meeting at the discretion of the chairman with the consent of the Members constituting a quorum.

The chairman must adjourn the meeting if so directed by the Members constituting a quorum at the meeting. No business, however, can be transacted at an adjourned or postponed meeting other than business which might properly have been transacted at the original meeting.

25

12.8 Should a meeting be adjourned for more than seven (7) Clear Days, whether because of a lack of quorum or otherwise, Members shall be given at least seven (7) Clear Days notice of the date, time and place of the adjourned meeting and the general nature of the business to be transacted. Otherwise it shall not be necessary to give any notice of the adjournment.

Method of voting

12.9 A resolution put to the vote of the meeting shall be decided on a show of hands unless before, or on the declaration of the result of the show of hands, a poll is duly demanded. A poll may be demanded:

(a) by the chairman; or

(b) by any Member or Members present who, individually or collectively, hold at least 10% of the voting rights of all those who have a right to vote on the resolution.

Outcome of vote by show of hands

12.10 Unless a poll is duly demanded, a declaration by the chairman as to the result of a resolution and an entry to that effect in the minutes of the meeting shall be conclusive evidence of the outcome of a show of hands without proof of the number or proportion of the votes recorded in favour of or against the resolution.

Withdrawal of demand for a poll

12.11 The demand for a poll may be withdrawn before the poll is taken, but only with the consent of the chairman. The chairman shall announce any such withdrawal to the meeting and, unless another person forthwith demands a poll, any earlier show of hands on that resolution shall be treated as the vote on that resolution; if there has been no earlier show of hands, then the resolution shall be put to the vote of the meeting.

Taking of a poll

12.12 A poll demanded on the question of adjournment shall be taken immediately.

12.13 A poll demanded on any other question shall be taken either immediately or at an adjourned meeting at such time and place as the chairman directs, not being more than 30 Clear Days after the poll was demanded.

12.14 The demand for a poll shall not prevent the meeting continuing to transact any business other than the question on which the poll was demanded.

12.15 A poll shall be taken in such manner as the chairman directs. He may appoint scrutineers (who need not be Members) and fix a place and time for declaring the result of the poll. If, through the aid of technology, the meeting is held as a Virtual Meeting or in more than one place, the chairman may appoint scrutineers virtually and in more than one place; but if he considers that the poll cannot be effectively monitored at that meeting, the chairman shall adjourn the holding of the poll to a date, place and time when that can occur.

26

Chairmans casting vote

12.16 If the votes on a resolution, whether on a show of hands or on a poll, are equal, the chairman may if he wishes exercise a casting vote.

Amendments to resolutions

12.17 An Ordinary Resolution to be proposed at a general meeting may be amended by Ordinary Resolution if:

(a) not less than 48 hours before the meeting is to take place (or such later time as the chairman of the meeting may determine), notice of the proposed amendment is given to the Company in writing by a Member entitled to vote at that meeting; and

(b) the proposed amendment does not, in the reasonable opinion of the chairman of the meeting, materially alter the scope of the resolution.

12.18 A Special Resolution to be proposed at a general meeting may be amended by Ordinary Resolution, if:

(a) the chairman of the meeting proposes the amendment at the general meeting at which the resolution is to be proposed, and

(b) the amendment does not go beyond what the chairman considers is necessary to correct a grammatical or other non-substantive error in the resolution.

12.19 If the chairman of the meeting, acting in good faith, wrongly decides that an amendment to a resolution is out of order, the chairmans error does not invalidate the vote on that resolution.

Written resolutions

12.20 Members may pass a resolution in writing without holding a meeting if the following conditions are met:

(a) all Members entitled so to vote are given notice of the resolution as if the same were being proposed at a meeting of Members;

(b) all Members entitled so to vote :

(i) sign a document; or

(ii) sign several documents in the like form each signed by one or more of those Members; and

27

(c) the signed document or documents is or are delivered to the Company, including, if the Company so nominates, by delivery of an Electronic Record by Electronic means to the address specified for that purpose.

Such written resolution shall be as effective as if it had been passed at a meeting of the Members entitled to vote duly convened and held.

12.21 If a written resolution is described as a Special Resolution or as an Ordinary Resolution, it has effect accordingly.

12.22 The Directors may determine the manner in which written resolutions shall be put to Members. In particular, they may provide, in the form of any written resolution, for each Member to indicate, out of the number of votes the Member would have been entitled to cast at a meeting to consider the resolution, how many votes he wishes to cast in favour of the resolution and how many against the resolution or to be treated as abstentions. The result of any such written resolution shall be determined on the same basis as on a poll.

Sole-member company

12.23 If the Company has only one Member, and the Member records in writing his decision on a question, that record shall constitute both the passing of a resolution and the minute of it.

13 Voting rights of Members

Right to vote

13.1 Unless their Shares carry no right to vote, or unless a call or other amount presently payable has not been paid, all Members are entitled to receive notice of, attend and vote at a general meeting, whether on a show of hands or on a poll, and all Members holding Shares of a particular class of Shares are entitled to vote at a meeting of the holders of that class of Shares.

13.2 Members may vote in person or by proxy.

13.3 On a show of hands, every Member shall have one vote. For the avoidance of doubt, an individual who represents two or more Members, including a Member in that individuals own right, that individual shall be entitled to a separate vote for each Member.

13.4 On a poll, each holder of Ordinary Shares shall be entitled to one (1) vote for each Ordinary Share he or she holds on any and all matters.

13.5 A fraction of a Share shall entitle its holder to an equivalent fraction of one (1) vote for each Ordinary Shares.

13.6 No Member is bound to vote on his Shares or any of them; nor is he bound to vote each of his Shares in the same way.

28

Rights of joint holders

13.7 If Shares are held jointly, only one of the joint holders may vote. If more than one of the joint holders tenders a vote, the vote of the holder whose name in respect of those Shares appears first in the Register of Members shall be accepted to the exclusion of the votes of the other joint holder.

Representation of corporate Members

13.8 Save where otherwise provided, a corporate Member must act by a duly authorised representative.

13.9 A corporate Member wishing to act by a duly authorised representative must identify that person to the Company by notice in writing.

13.10 The authorisation may be for any period of time, and must be delivered to the Company not less than two hours before the commencement of the meeting at which it is first used.

13.11 The Directors of the Company may require the production of any evidence which they consider necessary to determine the validity of the notice.

13.12 Where a duly authorised representative is present at a meeting that Member is deemed to be present in person; and the acts of the duly authorised representative are personal acts of that Member.

13.13 A corporate Member may revoke the appointment of a duly authorised representative at any time by notice to the Company; but such revocation will not affect the validity of any acts carried out by the duly authorised representative before the Directors of the Company had actual notice of the revocation.

13.14 If a clearing house (or its nominee(s)), being a corporation, is a Member, it may authorise such persons as it sees fit to act as its representative at any meeting of the Company or at any meeting of any class of Members provided that the authorisation shall specify the number and class of Shares in respect of which each such representative is so authorised. Each person so authorised under the provisions of this Article shall be deemed to have been duly authorised without further evidence of the facts and be entitled to exercise the same rights and powers on behalf of the clearing house (or its nominee(s)) as if such person was the registered holder of such Shares held by the clearing house (or its nominee(s)).

Member with mental disorder

13.15 A Member in respect of whom an order has been made by any court having jurisdiction (whether in the Cayman Islands or elsewhere) in matters concerning mental disorder may vote, by that Members receiver, curator bonis or other person authorised in that behalf appointed by that court.

13.16 For the purpose of the preceding Article, evidence to the satisfaction of the Directors of the authority of the person claiming to exercise the right to vote must be received not less than 24 hours before holding the relevant meeting or the adjourned meeting in any manner specified for the delivery of forms of appointment of a proxy, whether in writing or by Electronic means. In default, the right to vote shall not be exercisable.

29

Objections to admissibility of votes

13.17 An objection to the validity of a persons vote may only be raised at the meeting or at the adjourned meeting at which the vote is sought to be tendered. Any objection duly made shall be referred to the chairman whose decision shall be final and conclusive.

Form of proxy

13.18 An instrument appointing a proxy shall be in any common form or in any other form approved by the Directors.

13.19 The instrument must be in writing and signed in one of the following ways:

(a) by the Member; or

(b) by the Members authorised attorney; or

(c) if the Member is a corporation or other body corporate, under seal or signed by an authorised officer, secretary or attorney.

If the Directors so resolve, the Company may accept an Electronic Record of that instrument delivered in the manner specified below and otherwise satisfying the Articles about authentication of Electronic Records.

13.20 The Directors may require the production of any evidence which they consider necessary to determine the validity of any appointment of a proxy.

13.21 A Member may revoke the appointment of a proxy at any time by notice to the Company duly signed in accordance with the Article above about signing proxies; but such revocation will not affect the validity of any acts carried out by the proxy before the Directors of the Company had actual notice of the revocation.

How and when proxy is to be delivered

13.22 Subject to the following Articles, the Directors may, in the notice convening any meeting or adjourned meeting, or in an instrument of proxy sent out by the Company, specify the manner by which the instrument appointing a proxy shall be deposited and the place and the time (being not later than the time appointed for the commencement of the meeting or adjourned meeting to which the proxy relates) at which the instrument appointing a proxy shall be deposited. In the absence of any such direction from the Directors in the notice convening any meeting or adjourned meeting or in an instrument of proxy sent out by the Company, the form of appointment of a proxy and any authority under which it is signed (or a copy of the authority certified notarially or in any other way approved by the Directors) must be delivered so that it is received by the Company not less than 48 hours before the time for holding the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the person named in the form of appointment of proxy proposes to vote. They must be delivered in either of the following ways:

(a) In the case of an instrument in writing, it must be left at or sent by post:

(i) to the registered office of the Company; or

30

(ii) to such other place specified in the notice convening the meeting or in any form of appointment of proxy sent out by the Company in relation to the meeting.

(b) If, pursuant to the notice provisions, a notice may be given to the Company in an Electronic Record, an Electronic Record of an appointment of a proxy must be sent to the address specified pursuant to those provisions unless another address for that purpose is specified:

(i) in the notice convening the meeting; or

(ii) in any form of appointment of a proxy sent out by the Company in relation to the meeting; or

(iii) in any invitation to appoint a proxy issued by the Company in relation to the meeting.

13.23 Where a poll is taken:

(a) if it is taken more than seven Clear Days after it is demanded, the form of appointment of a proxy and any accompanying authority (or an Electronic Record of the same) must be delivered as required under the preceding Article not less than 24 hours before the time appointed for the taking of the poll;

(b) but if it to be taken within seven Clear Days after it was demanded, the form of appointment of a proxy and any accompanying authority (or an Electronic Record of the same) must be e delivered as required under the preceding Article not less than two hours before the time appointed for the taking of the poll.

13.24 If the form of appointment of proxy is not delivered on time, it is invalid.

Voting by proxy

13.25 A proxy shall have the same voting rights at a meeting or adjourned meeting as the Member would have had except to the extent that the instrument appointing him limits those rights. Notwithstanding the appointment of a proxy, a Member may attend and vote at a meeting or adjourned meeting. If a Member votes on any resolution a vote by his proxy on the same resolution, unless in respect of different Shares, shall be invalid.

31

14 Number of Directors

Unless otherwise determined by Ordinary Resolution, the minimum number of Directors shall be one and the maximum number shall be ten. There shall be no Directors, however, until the first Director is or the first Directors are appointed by the subscriber or subscribers to the Memorandum.

15 Appointment, disqualification and removal of Directors

No age limit

15.1 There is no age limit for Directors save that they must be aged at least 18 years.

Corporate Directors

15.2 Unless prohibited by law, a body corporate may be a Director. If a body corporate is a director, the Articles about representation of corporate Members at general meetings apply, mutatis mutandis, to the Articles about Directors meetings.

No shareholding qualification

15.3 Unless a shareholding qualification for Directors is fixed by Ordinary Resolution, no Director shall be required to own Shares as a condition of his appointment.

Appointment and removal of Directors

15.4 The Directors shall be divided into three classes: Class I, Class II and Class III. The number of Directors in each class shall be as nearly equal as possible. Immediately prior to the consummation of the IPO, the existing Directors shall by resolution classify themselves as Class I, Class II or Class III Directors. The Class I Directors shall stand elected for a term expiring at the Companys first annual general meeting, the Class II Directors shall stand elected for a term expiring at the Companys second annual general meeting and the Class III Directors shall stand elected for a term expiring at the Companys third annual general meeting. Commencing at the Companys first annual general meeting, and at each annual general meeting thereafter, Directors elected to succeed those Directors whose terms expire shall be elected for a term of office to expire at the third succeeding annual general meeting after their election. All Directors shall hold office until the expiration of their respective terms of office and until their successors shall have been elected and qualified.

15.5 Prior to the closing of a Business Combination, the Company may by Ordinary Resolution appoint any person to be a Director or may by Ordinary Resolution remove any Director.

15.6 Subject to Article 15.4 and 15.5, a Director may also be appointed by Ordinary Resolution or by the Directors. Any appointment may be to fill a vacancy or as an additional Director.

15.7 Subject to death, resignation or removal, and with the exception of those Directors appointed prior to the first annual general meeting of the Company, each Director shall serve a term of office that will expire at the third succeeding annual general meeting after their appointment or election.

32

15.8 A Director may be removed from office with or without cause by:

(a) (following the consummation of the Business Combination but not at any time before) an Ordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Members called for the purposes of removing the Director or for purposes including the removal of the director; or

(b) subject to Article 15.4 and 15.5, a resolution of Directors passed at a meeting of Directors.

15.9 The Directors shall have power at any time to appoint any person to be a Director who:

(a) is recommended as a Director nominee by a majority of the Independent Directors; and

(b) is willing to act as a Director,

either to fill a vacancy or as an additional Director. A Director elected to fill a vacancy resulting from the death, resignation or removal of a director shall serve for the remainder of the full term of the Director whose death, resignation or removal shall have created such vacancy and until his successor shall have been elected and qualified.

15.10 Notwithstanding the other provisions of these Articles, in any case where, as a result of death, the Company has no Directors and no shareholders, the personal representatives of the last shareholder to have died have the power, by notice in writing to the Company, to appoint a person to be a Director. For the purpose of this Article:

(a) where two or more shareholders die in circumstances rendering it uncertain who was the last to die, a younger shareholder is deemed to have survived an older shareholder;

(b) if the last shareholder died leaving a will which disposes of that shareholders shares in the Company (whether by way of specific gift, as part of the residuary estate, or otherwise):

(i) the expression personal representatives of the last shareholder means:

(A) until a grant of probate in respect of that will has been obtained from the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands, all of the executors named in that will who are living at the time the power of appointment under this Article is exercised; and

(B) after such grant of probate has been obtained, only such of those executors who have proved that will;

(ii) without derogating from section 3(1) of the Succession Act (Revised), the executors named in that will may exercise the power of appointment under this Article without first obtaining a grant of probate.

33

15.11 A remaining Director may appoint a Director even though there is not a quorum of Directors.

15.12 No appointment can cause the number of Directors to exceed the maximum; and any such appointment shall be invalid.

15.13 For so long as Shares are listed on a Designated Stock Exchange, the Directors shall include at least such number of Independent Directors as Applicable Law or the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange require, subject to applicable phase-in rules of the Designated Stock Exchange.

Resignation of Directors

15.14 A Director may at any time resign office by giving to the Company notice in writing or, if permitted pursuant to the notice provisions, in an Electronic Record delivered in either case in accordance with those provisions.

15.15 Unless the notice specifies a different date, the Director shall be deemed to have resigned on the date that the notice is delivered to the Company.

Termination of the office of Director

15.16 A Directors office shall be terminated forthwith if:

(a) he is prohibited by the law of the Cayman Islands from acting as a Director; or

(b) he is made bankrupt or makes an arrangement or composition with his creditors generally; or

(c) in the opinion of a registered medical practitioner by whom he is being treated he becomes physically or mentally incapable of acting as a Director; or

(d) he is made subject to any law relating to mental health or incompetence, whether by court order or otherwise; or

(e) without the consent of the other Directors, he is absent from meetings of Directors for a continuous period of six months; or

(f) all of the other Directors (being not less than two in number) determine that he should be removed as a Director, either by a resolution passed by all of the other Directors at a meeting of the Directors duly convened and held in accordance with the Articles or by a resolution in writing signed by all of the other Directors.

16 Alternate Directors

Appointment and removal

16.1 Until the consummation of a Business Combination, a director may not appoint an alternate. Following the consummation of a Business Combination, Articles 16.2 to 16.5 inclusive shall apply.

34

16.2 Subject to Article 16.1, any Director may appoint any other person, including another Director, to act in his place as an alternate director. No appointment shall take effect until the Director has given notice of the appointment to the other Directors. Such notice must be given to each other Director by either of the following methods:

(a) by notice in writing in accordance with the notice provisions;

(b) if the other Director has an email address, by emailing to that address a scanned copy of the notice as a PDF attachment (the PDF version being deemed to be the notice unless Article 30.7 applies), in which event notice shall be taken to be given on the date of receipt by the recipient in readable form. For the avoidance of doubt, the same email may be sent to the email address of more than one director (and to the email address of the Company pursuant to Article 16.5(c)).

16.3 Without limitation to the preceding Article, a Director may appoint an alternate for a particular meeting by sending an email to his fellow Directors informing them that they are to take such email as notice of such appointment for such meeting. Such appointment shall be effective without the need for a signed notice of appointment or the giving of notice to the Company in accordance with Article 16.5.

16.4 A Director may revoke his appointment of an alternate at any time. No revocation shall take effect until the Director has given notice of the revocation to the other Directors. Such notice must be given by either of the methods specified in Article 16.2.

16.5 A notice of appointment or removal of an alternate director must also be given to the Company by any of the following methods:

(a) by notice in writing in accordance with the notice provisions;

(b) if the Company has a facsimile address for the time being, by sending by facsimile transmission to that facsimile address a facsimile copy or, otherwise, by sending by facsimile transmission to the facsimile address of the Companys registered office a facsimile copy (in either case, the facsimile copy being deemed to be the notice unless Article 30.7 applies), in which event notice shall be taken to be given on the date of an error-free transmission report from the senders fax machine;

(c) if the Company has an email address for the time being, by emailing to that email address a scanned copy of the notice as a PDF attachment or, otherwise, by emailing to the email address provided by the Companys registered office a scanned copy of the notice as a PDF attachment (in either case, the PDF version being deemed to be the notice unless Article 30.7 applies), in which event notice shall be taken to be given on the date of receipt by the Company or the Companys registered office (as appropriate) in readable form; or

(d) if permitted pursuant to the notice provisions, in some other form of approved Electronic Record delivered in accordance with those provisions in writing.

35

Notices

16.6 All notices of meetings of Directors shall continue to be given to the appointing Director and not to the alternate.

Rights of alternate director

16.7 An alternate director shall be entitled to attend and vote at any Board meeting or meeting of a committee of the Directors at which the appointing Director is not personally present, and generally to perform all the functions of the appointing Director in his absence.

16.8 For the avoidance of doubt:

(a) if another Director has been appointed an alternate director for one or more Directors, he shall be entitled to a separate vote in his own right as a Director and in right of each other Director for whom he has been appointed an alternate; and

(b) if a person other than a Director has been appointed an alternate director for more than one Director, he shall be entitled to a separate vote in right of each Director for whom he has been appointed an alternate.

16.9 An alternate director, however, is not entitled to receive any remuneration from the Company for services rendered as an alternate director.

Appointment ceases when the appointor ceases to be a Director

16.10 An alternate director shall cease to be an alternate director if the director who appointed him ceases to be a Director.

Status of alternate director

16.11 An alternate director shall carry out all functions of the Director who made the appointment.

16.12 Save where otherwise expressed, an alternate director shall be treated as a Director under these Articles.

16.13 An alternate director is not the agent of the Director appointing him.

16.14 An alternate director is not entitled to any remuneration for acting as alternate director.

Status of the Director making the appointment

16.15 A Director who has appointed an alternate is not thereby relieved from the duties which he owes the Company.

36

17 Powers of Directors

Powers of Directors

17.1 Subject to the provisions of the Act, the Memorandum and these Articles, the business of the Company shall be managed by the Directors who may for that purpose exercise all the powers of the Company.

17.2 No prior act of the Directors shall be invalidated by any subsequent alteration of the Memorandum or these Articles. However, to the extent allowed by the Act, following the consummation of the IPO, Members may by Special Resolution validate any prior or future act of the Directors which would otherwise be in breach of their duties.

Appointments to office

17.3 The Directors may appoint a Director:

(a) as chairman of the Board;

(b) as vice-chairman of the Board;

(c) as managing Director;

(d) to any other executive office

for such period and on such terms, including as to remuneration, as they think fit.

17.4 The appointee must consent in writing to holding that office.

17.5 Where a chairman is appointed he shall, unless unable to do so, preside at every meeting of Directors.

17.6 If there is no chairman, or if the chairman is unable to preside at a meeting, that meeting may select its own chairman; or the Directors may nominate one of their number to act in place of the chairman should he ever not be available.

17.7 Subject to the provisions of the Act, the Directors may also appoint and remove any person, who need not be a Director:

(a) as Secretary; and

(b) to any office that may be required (including, for the avoidance of doubt, one or more chief executive officers, presidents, a chief financial officer, a treasurer, vice-presidents, one or more assistant vice-presidents, one or more assistant treasurers and one or more assistant secretaries),

for such period and on such terms, including as to remuneration, as they think fit. In the case of an Officer, that Officer may be given any title the Directors decide.

17.8 The Secretary or Officer must consent in writing to holding that office.

17.9 A director, Secretary or other Officer of the Company may not hold the office, or perform the services, of Auditor.

37

Remuneration

17.10 The remuneration to be paid to the Directors, if any, shall be such remuneration as the Directors shall determine, provided that no cash remuneration shall be paid to any director prior to the consummation of a Business Combination. The Directors shall also, whether prior to or after the consummation of a Business Combination, be entitled to be paid all out of pocket expenses properly incurred by them in connection with activities on behalf of the Company, including identifying and consummating a Business Combination.

17.11 Remuneration may take any form and may include arrangements to pay pensions, health insurance, death or sickness benefits, whether to the Director or to any other person connected to or related to him.

17.12 Unless his fellow Directors determine otherwise, a Director is not accountable to the Company for remuneration or other benefits received from any other company which is in the same group as the Company or which has common shareholdings.

Disclosure of information

17.13 The Directors may release or disclose to a third party any information regarding the affairs of the Company, including any information contained in the Register of Members relating to a Member, (and they may authorise any Director, Officer or other authorised agent of the Company to release or disclose to a third party any such information in his possession) if:

(a) the Company or that person, as the case may be, is lawfully required to do so under the laws of any jurisdiction to which the Company is subject; or

(b) such disclosure is in compliance with the rules of any stock exchange upon which the Companys shares are listed; or

(c) such disclosure is in accordance with any contract entered into by the Company; or

(d) the Directors are of the opinion such disclosure would assist or facilitate the Companys operations.

18 Delegation of powers

Power to delegate any of the Directors powers to a committee

18.1 The Directors may delegate any of their powers to any committee consisting of one or more persons who need not be Members. Persons on the committee may include non-directors so long as the majority of those persons are Directors.

18.2 The delegation may be collateral with, or to the exclusion of, the Directors own powers.

38

18.3 The delegation may be on such terms as the Directors think fit, including provision for the committee itself to delegate to a sub-committee; save that any delegation must be capable of being revoked or altered by the Directors at will.

18.4 Unless otherwise permitted by the Directors, a committee must follow the procedures prescribed for the taking of decisions by Directors.

Power to appoint an agent of the Company

18.5 The Directors may appoint any person, either generally or in respect of any specific matter, to be the agent of the Company with or without authority for that person to delegate all or any of that persons powers. The Directors may make that appointment:

(a) by causing the Company to enter into a power of attorney or agreement; or

(b) in any other manner they determine.

Power to appoint an attorney or authorised signatory of the Company

18.6 The Directors may appoint any person, whether nominated directly or indirectly by the Directors, to be the attorney or the authorised signatory of the Company. The appointment may be:

(a) for any purpose;

(b) with the powers, authorities and discretions;

(c) for the period; and

(d) subject to such conditions

as they think fit. The powers, authorities and discretions, however, must not exceed those vested in, or exercisable, by the Directors under these Articles. The Directors may do so by power of attorney or any other manner they think fit.

18.7 Any power of attorney or other appointment may contain such provision for the protection and convenience for persons dealing with the attorney or authorised signatory as the Directors think fit. Any power of attorney or other appointment may also authorise the attorney or authorised signatory to delegate all or any of the powers, authorities and discretions vested in that person.

Power to appoint a proxy

18.8 Any Director may appoint any other person, including another director, to represent him at any meeting of the Directors. If a Director appoints a proxy, then for all purposes the presence or vote of the proxy shall be deemed to be that of the appointing Director.

18.9 Articles 16.1 to 16.5 inclusive (relating to the appointment by Directors of alternate directors) apply, mutatis mutandis, to the appointment of proxies by Directors.

18.10 A proxy is an agent of the director appointing him and is not an officer of the Company.

39

19 Meetings of Directors

Regulation of Directors meetings

19.1 Subject to the provisions of these Articles, the Directors may regulate their proceedings as they think fit.

Calling meetings

19.2 Any Director may call a meeting of Directors at any time. The Secretary, if any, must call a meeting of the Directors if requested to do so by a Director.

Notice of meetings

19.3 Every Directors shall be given notice of a meeting, although a Director may waive retrospectively the requirement to be given notice. Notice may be oral. Attendance at a meeting without written objection shall be deemed to be a waiver of such notice requirement.

Period of notice

19.4 At least five Clear Days notice of a meeting of Directors must be given to Directors. A meeting may be convened on shorter notice with the consent of all Directors.

Use of technology

19.5 A Director may participate in a meeting of Directors through the medium of conference telephone, video or any other form of communications equipment providing all persons participating in the meeting are able to hear and speak to each other throughout the meeting.

19.6 A Director participating in this way is deemed to be present in person at the meeting.

Place of meetings

19.7 If all the Directors participating in a meeting are not in the same place, they may decide that the meeting is to be treated as taking place wherever any of them is.

Quorum

19.8 The quorum for the transaction of business at a meeting of Directors shall be two unless the Directors fix some other number or unless the Company has only one Director.

Voting

19.9 A question which arises at a Board meeting shall be decided by a majority of votes. If votes are equal the chairman may, if he wishes, exercise a casting vote.

40

Validity

19.10 Anything done at a meeting of Directors is unaffected by the fact that it is later discovered that any person was not properly appointed, or had ceased to be a Director, or was otherwise not entitled to vote.

Recording of dissent

19.11 A Director present at a meeting of Directors shall be presumed to have assented to any action taken at that meeting unless:

(a) his dissent is entered in the minutes of the meeting; or

(b) he has filed with the meeting before it is concluded signed dissent from that action; or

(c) he has forwarded to the Company as soon as practical following the conclusion of that meeting signed dissent.

A Director who votes in favour of an action is not entitled to record his dissent to it.

Written resolutions

19.12 The Directors may pass a resolution in writing without holding a meeting if all Directors sign a document or sign several documents in the like form each signed by one or more of those Directors.

19.13 Despite the foregoing, a resolution in writing signed by a validly appointed alternate director or by a validly appointed proxy need not also be signed by the appointing Directors. If a written resolution is signed personally by the appointing director, it need not also be signed by his alternate or proxy.

19.14 Such written resolution shall be as effective as if it had been passed at a meeting of the Directors duly convened and held; and it shall be treated as having been passed on the day and at the time that the last Director signs.

Sole directors minute

19.15 Where a sole director signs a minute recording his decision on a question, that record shall constitute the passing of a resolution in those terms.

20 Permissible Directors interests and disclosure

Permissible interests subject to disclosure

20.1 Save as expressly permitted by these Articles or as set out below, a director may not have a direct or indirect interest or duty which conflicts or may possibly conflict with the interests of the Company.

41

20.2 If, notwithstanding the prohibition in the preceding Article, a Director discloses to his fellow Directors the nature and extent of any material interest or duty in accordance with the next Article, he may:

(a) be a party to, or otherwise interested in, any transaction or arrangement with the Company or in which the Company is or may otherwise be interested; or

(b) be interested in another body corporate promoted by the Company or in which the Company is otherwise interested. In particular, the director may be a director, secretary or officer of, or employed by, or be a party to any transaction or arrangement with, or otherwise interested in, that other body corporate.

20.3 Such disclosure may be made at a meeting of the Board or otherwise (and, if otherwise, it must be made in writing). The director must disclose the nature and extent of his direct or indirect interest in or duty in relation to a transaction or arrangement or series of transactions or arrangements with the Company or in which the Company has any material interest.

20.4 If a director has made disclosure in accordance with the preceding Article, then he shall not, by reason only of his office, be accountable to the Company for any benefit that he derives from any such transaction or arrangement or from any such office or employment or from any interest in any such body corporate, and no such transaction or arrangement shall be liable to be avoided on the ground of any such interest or benefit.

Notification of interests

20.5 For the purposes of the preceding Articles:

(a) a general notice that a director gives to the other Directors that he is to be regarded as having an interest of the nature and extent specified in the notice in any transaction or arrangement in which a specified person or class of persons is interested shall be deemed to be a disclosure that he has an interest in or duty in relation to any such transaction of the nature and extent so specified; and

(b) an interest of which a director has no knowledge and of which it is unreasonable to expect him to have knowledge shall not be treated as an interest of his.

Voting where a director is interested in a matter

20.6 A director may vote at a meeting of Directors on any resolution concerning a matter in which that director has an interest or duty, whether directly or indirectly, so long as that director discloses any material interest pursuant to these Articles. The director shall be counted towards a quorum of those present at the meeting. If the director votes on the resolution, his vote shall be counted.

20.7 Where proposals are under consideration concerning the appointment of two or more Directors to offices or employment with the Company or any body corporate in which the Company is interested, the proposals may be divided and considered in relation to each director separately and each of the Directors concerned shall be entitled to vote and be counted in the quorum in respect of each resolution except that concerning his or her own appointment.

42

21 Minutes

The Company shall cause minutes to be made in books kept for the purpose in accordance with the Act.

22 Accounts and audit

Accounting and other records

22.1 The Directors must ensure that proper accounting and other records are kept, and that accounts and associated reports are distributed in accordance with the requirements of the Act.

No automatic right of inspection

22.2 Members are only entitled to inspect the Companys records if they are expressly entitled to do so by law, or by resolution made by the Directors or passed by Ordinary Resolution.

Sending of accounts and reports

22.3 The Companys accounts and associated Directors report or auditors report that are required or permitted to be sent to any person pursuant to any law shall be treated as properly sent to that person if:

(a) they are sent to that person in accordance with the notice provisions: or

(b) they are published on a website providing that person is given separate notice of:

(i) the fact that publication of the documents has been published on the website;

(ii) the address of the website; and

(iii) the place on the website where the documents may be accessed; and

(iv) how they may be accessed.

22.4 If, for any reason, a person notifies the Company that he is unable to access the website, the Company must, as soon as practicable, send the documents to that person by any other means permitted by these Articles. This, however, will not affect when that person is taken to have received the documents under the next Article.

43

Time of receipt if documents are published on a website

22.5 Documents sent by being published on a website in accordance with the preceding two Articles are only treated as sent at least five Clear Days before the date of the meeting at which they are to be laid if:

(a) the documents are published on the website throughout a period beginning at least five Clear Days before the date of the meeting and ending with the conclusion of the meeting; and

(b) the person is given at least five Clear Days notice of the hearing.

Validity despite accidental error in publication on website

22.6 If, for the purpose of a meeting, documents are sent by being published on a website in accordance with the preceding Articles, the proceedings at that meeting are not invalidated merely because:

(a) those documents are, by accident, published in a different place on the website to the place notified; or

(b) they are published for part only of the period from the date of notification until the conclusion of that meeting.

Audit

22.7 The Directors may appoint an Auditor of the Company who shall hold office on such terms as the Directors determine.

22.8 Without prejudice to the freedom of the Directors to establish any other committee, if the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on the Designated Stock Exchange, and if required by the Designated Stock Exchange, the Directors shall establish and maintain an Audit Committee as a committee of the Directors and shall adopt a formal written Audit Committee charter and review and assess the adequacy of the formal written charter on an annual basis. The composition and responsibilities of the Audit Committee shall comply with the rules and regulations of the SEC and the Designated Stock Exchange. The Audit Committee shall meet at least once every financial quarter, or more frequently as circumstances dictate.

22.9 If the Shares are listed or quoted on the Designated Stock Exchange, the Company shall conduct an appropriate review of all related party transactions on an ongoing basis and shall utilise the Audit Committee for the review and approval of potential conflicts of interest.

22.10 The remuneration of the Auditor shall be fixed by the Audit Committee (if one exists).

22.11 If the office of Auditor becomes vacant by resignation or death of the Auditor, or by his becoming incapable of acting by reason of illness or other disability at a time when his services are required, the Directors shall fill the vacancy and determine the remuneration of such Auditor.

44

22.12 Every Auditor of the Company shall have a right of access at all times to the books and accounts and vouchers of the Company and shall be entitled to require from the Directors and officers of the Company such information and explanation as may be necessary for the performance of the duties of the Auditor.

22.13 Auditors
shall, if so required by the Directors, make a report on the accounts of the Company during their tenure of office at the next annual
general meeting following their appointment in the case of a company which is registered with the Registrar of Companies as an ordinary
company, and at the next extraordinary general meeting following their appointment in the case of a company which is registered with
the Registrar of Companies as an exempted company, and at any other time during their term of office, upon request of the Directors or
any general meeting of the Members.

23 Financial year

Unless the Directors otherwise specify, the financial year of the Company:

(a) shall end on 30th November in the year of its incorporation and each following year; and

(b) shall begin when it was incorporated and on 1st December each following year.

24 Record dates

Except to the extent of any conflicting rights attached to Shares, the Directors may fix any time and date as the record date for:

(a) calling a general meeting;

(b) declaring or paying a dividend;

(c) making or issuing an allotment of Shares; or

(d) conducting any other business required pursuant to these Articles.

The record date may be before or after the date on which a dividend, allotment or issue is declared, paid or made.

25 Dividends

Declaration of dividends by Members

25.1 Subject to the provisions of the Act, the Company may by Ordinary Resolution declare dividends in accordance with the respective rights of the Members but no dividend shall exceed the amount recommended by the Directors.

45

Payment of interim dividends and declaration of final dividends by Directors

25.2 The Directors may pay interim dividends or declare final dividends in accordance with the respective rights of the Members if it appears to them that they are justified by the financial position of the Company and that such dividends may lawfully be paid.

25.3 Subject to the provisions of the Act, in relation to the distinction between interim dividends and final dividends, the following applies:

(a) Upon determination to pay a dividend or dividends described as interim by the Directors in the dividend resolution, no debt shall be created by the declaration until such time as payment is made.

(b) Upon declaration of a dividend or dividends described as final by the Directors in the dividend resolution, a debt shall be created immediately following the declaration, the due date to be the date the dividend is stated to be payable in the resolution.

If the resolution fails to specify whether a dividend is final or interim, it shall be assumed to be interim.

25.4 In relation to Shares carrying differing rights to dividends or rights to dividends at a fixed rate, the following applies:

(a) If the share capital is divided into different classes, the Directors may pay dividends on Shares which confer deferred or non-preferred rights with regard to dividends as well as on Shares which confer preferential rights with regard to dividends but no dividend shall be paid on Shares carrying deferred or non-preferred rights if, at the time of payment, any preferential dividend is in arrears.

(b) The Directors may also pay, at intervals settled by them, any dividend payable at a fixed rate if it appears to them that there are sufficient funds of the Company lawfully available for distribution to justify the payment.

(c) If the Directors act in good faith, they shall not incur any liability to the Members holding Shares conferring preferred rights for any loss those Members may suffer by the lawful payment of the dividend on any Shares having deferred or non-preferred rights.

Apportionment of dividends

25.5 Except as otherwise provided by the rights attached to Shares, all dividends shall be declared and paid according to the amounts paid up on the Shares on which the dividend is paid. All dividends shall be apportioned and paid proportionately to the amount paid up on the Shares during the time or part of the time in respect of which the dividend is paid. If a Share is issued on terms providing that it shall rank for dividend as from a particular date, that Share shall rank for dividend accordingly.

46

Right of set off

25.6 The Directors may deduct from a dividend or any other amount payable to a person in respect of a Share any amount due by that person to the Company on a call or otherwise in relation to a Share.

Power to pay other than in cash

25.7 If the Directors so determine, any resolution declaring a dividend may direct that it shall be satisfied wholly or partly by the distribution of assets. If a difficulty arises in relation to the distribution, the Directors may settle that difficulty in any way they consider appropriate. For example, they may do any one or more of the following:

(a) issue fractional Shares;

(b) fix the value of assets for distribution and make cash payments to some Members on the footing of the value so fixed in order to adjust the rights of Members; and

(c) vest some assets in trustees.

How payments may be made

25.8 A dividend or other monies payable on or in respect of a Share may be paid in any of the following ways:

(a) if the Member holding that Share or other person entitled to that Share nominates a bank account for that purpose - by wire transfer to that bank account; or

(b) by cheque or warrant sent by post to the registered address of the Member holding that Share or other person entitled to that Share.

25.9 For the purpose of paragraph (a) of the preceding Article, the nomination may be in writing or in an Electronic Record and the bank account nominated may be the bank account of another person. For the purpose of paragraph (b) of the preceding Article, subject to any applicable law or regulation, the cheque or warrant shall be made to the order of the Member holding that Share or other person entitled to the Share or to his nominee, whether nominated in writing or in an Electronic Record, and payment of the cheque or warrant shall be a good discharge to the Company.

25.10 If two or more persons are registered as the holders of the Share or are jointly entitled to it by reason of the death or bankruptcy of the registered holder (Joint Holders), a dividend (or other amount) payable on or in respect of that Share may be paid as follows:

(a) to the registered address of the Joint Holder of the Share who is named first on the Register of Members or to the registered address of the deceased or bankrupt holder, as the case may be; or

(b) to the address or bank account of another person nominated by the Joint Holders, whether that nomination is in writing or in an Electronic Record.

25.11 Any Joint Holder of a Share may give a valid receipt for a dividend (or other amount) payable in respect of that Share.

47

Dividends or other moneys not to bear interest in absence of special rights

25.12 Unless provided for by the rights attached to a Share, no dividend or other monies payable by the Company in respect of a Share shall bear interest.

Dividends unable to be paid or unclaimed

25.13 If a dividend cannot be paid to a Member or remains unclaimed within six weeks after it was declared or both, the Directors may pay it into a separate account in the Companys name. If a dividend is paid into a separate account, the Company shall not be constituted trustee in respect of that account and the dividend shall remain a debt due to the Member.

25.14 A dividend that remains unclaimed for a period of six years after it became due for payment shall be forfeited to, and shall cease to remain owing by, the Company.

26 Capitalisation of profits

Capitalisation of profits or of any share premium account or capital redemption reserve

26.1 The Directors may resolve to capitalise:

(a) any part of the Companys profits not required for paying any preferential dividend (whether or not those profits are available for distribution); or

(b) any sum standing to the credit of the Companys share premium account or capital redemption reserve, if any.

The amount resolved to be capitalised must be appropriated to the Members who would have been entitled to it had it been distributed by way of dividend and in the same proportions. The benefit to each Member so entitled must be given in either or both of the following ways:

(a) by paying up the amounts unpaid on that Members Shares;

(b) by issuing Fully Paid Shares, debentures or other securities of the Company to that Member or as that Member directs. The Directors may resolve that any Shares issued to the Member in respect of partly paid Shares (Original Shares) rank for dividend only to the extent that the Original Shares rank for dividend while those Original Shares remain partly paid.

Applying an amount for the benefit of members

26.2 The amount capitalised must be applied to the benefit of Members in the proportions to which the Members would have been entitled to dividends if the amount capitalised had been distributed as a dividend.

48

26.3 Subject to the Act, if a fraction of a Share, a debenture, or other security is allocated to a Member, the Directors may issue a fractional certificate to that Member or pay him the cash equivalent of the fraction.

27 Share premium account

Directors to maintain share premium account

27.1 The Directors shall establish a share premium account in accordance with the Act. They shall carry to the credit of that account from time to time an amount equal to the amount or value of the premium paid on the issue of any Share or capital contributed or such other amounts required by the Act.

Debits to share premium account

27.2 The following amounts shall be debited to any share premium account:

(a) on the redemption or purchase of a Share, the difference between the nominal value of that Share and the redemption or purchase price; and

(b) any other amount paid out of a share premium account as permitted by the Act.

27.3 Notwithstanding the preceding Article, on the redemption or purchase of a Share, the Directors may pay the difference between the nominal value of that Share and the redemption purchase price out of the profits of the Company or, as permitted by the Act, out of capital.

28 Seal

Company seal

28.1 The Company may have a seal if the Directors so determine.

Duplicate seal

28.2 Subject to the provisions of the Act, the Company may also have a duplicate seal or seals for use in any place or places outside the Cayman Islands. Each duplicate seal shall be a facsimile of the original seal of the Company. However, if the Directors so determine, a duplicate seal shall have added on its face the name of the place where it is to be used.

When and how seal is to be used

28.3 A seal may only be used by the authority of the Directors. Unless the Directors otherwise determine, a document to which a seal is affixed must be signed in one of the following ways:

(a) by a director (or his alternate) or any Officer to which authority has been delegated by resolution duly adopted by the Directors; or

(b) by a single director (or his alternate).

49

If no seal is adopted or used

28.4 If the Directors do not adopt a seal, or a seal is not used, a document may be executed in the following manner:

(a) by a director (or his alternate) and the Secretary; or

(b) by a single director (or his alternate); or

(c) in any other manner permitted by the Act.

Power to allow non-manual signatures and facsimile printing of seal

28.5 The Directors may determine that either or both of the following applies:

(a) that the seal or a duplicate seal need not be affixed manually but may be affixed by some other method or system of reproduction;

(b) that a signature required by these Articles need not be manual but may be a mechanical or Electronic Signature.

Validity of execution

28.6 If a document is duly executed and delivered by or on behalf of the Company, it shall not be regarded as invalid merely because, at the date of the delivery, the Secretary, or the director, or other Officer or person who signed the document or affixed the seal for and on behalf of the Company ceased to be the Secretary or hold that office and authority on behalf of the Company.

29 Indemnity

Indemnity

29.1 To the maximum extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Company shall indemnify each existing or former Director (including alternate director), Secretary and other Officer of the Company (including an investment adviser or an administrator or liquidator) and their personal representatives against:

(a) all actions, proceedings, costs, charges, expenses, losses, damages or liabilities incurred or sustained by the existing or former Director (including alternate director), Secretary and Officer in or about the conduct of the Companys business or affairs or in the execution or discharge of the existing or former Directors (including alternate directors), Secretarys and Officers duties, powers, authorities or discretions; and

50

(b) without limitation to paragraph (a), all costs, expenses, losses or liabilities incurred by the existing or former Director (including alternate director), Secretary or Officer in defending (whether successfully or otherwise) any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative proceedings (whether threatened, pending or completed) concerning the Company or its affairs in any court or tribunal, whether in the Cayman Islands or elsewhere.

No such existing or former Director (including alternate director), Secretary or Officer, however, shall be indemnified in respect of any matter arising out of his own dishonesty, actual fraud, wilful default or wilful neglect.

29.2 To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Company may make a payment, or agree to make a payment, whether by way of advance, loan or otherwise, for any legal costs incurred by an existing or former Director (including alternate director), Secretary or Officer of the Company in respect of any matter identified in paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) of the preceding Article on condition that the Director (including alternate director), Secretary or Officer must repay the amount paid by the Company to the extent that it is ultimately found not liable to indemnify the Director (including alternate director), Secretary or that Officer for those legal costs.

Release

29.3 To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Company may by Special Resolution release any existing or former Director (including alternate director), Secretary or other Officer of the Company from liability for any loss or damage or right to compensation which may arise out of or in connection with the execution or discharge of the duties, powers, authorities or discretions of his office; but there may be no release from liability arising out of or in connection with that persons own dishonesty, actual fraud, wilful default or wilful neglect.

Insurance

29.4 To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Company may pay, or agree to pay, a premium in respect of a contract insuring each of the following persons against risks determined by the Directors, other than liability arising out of that persons own dishonesty, fraud, wilful default and wilful neglect:

(a) an existing or former director (including alternate director), Secretary or Officer or auditor of:

(i) the Company;

(ii) a company which is or was a subsidiary of the Company;

(iii) a company in which the Company has or had an interest (whether direct or indirect); and

(b) a trustee of an employee or retirement benefits scheme or other trust in which any of the persons referred to in paragraph (a) is or was interested.

51

Form of notices

29.5 Save where these Articles provide otherwise, any notice to be given to or by any person pursuant to these Articles shall be:

(a) in writing signed by or on behalf of the giver in the manner set out below for written notices; or

(b) subject to the next Article, in an Electronic Record signed by or on behalf of the giver by Electronic Signature and authenticated in accordance with Articles about authentication of Electronic Records; or

(c) where these Articles expressly permit, by the Company by means of a website.

Electronic communications

29.6 Without limitation to Articles 16.1 to 16.5 inclusive (relating to the appointment and removal by Directors of alternate Directors) and to Articles 18.8 to 18.10 inclusive (relating to the appointment by Directors of proxies), a notice may only be given to the Company in an Electronic Record if:

(a) the Directors so resolve or otherwise accept the notice; or

(b) any Director of Officer provides the given of the notice an electronic address to which the notice may be sent and a notice is sent to that address within a reasonable period of time.

If the resolution is revoked or varied, the revocation or variation shall only become effective when its terms have been similarly notified.

29.7 A notice may not be given by Electronic Record to a person other than the Company unless the recipient has notified the giver of an Electronic address to which notice may be sent.

Persons authorised to give notices

29.8 A notice by either the Company or a Member pursuant to these Articles may be given on behalf of the Company or a Member by a director or company secretary of the Company or a Member.

Delivery of written notices

29.9 Save where these Articles provide otherwise, a notice in writing may be given personally to the recipient, or left at (as appropriate) the Members or directors registered address or the Companys registered office, or posted to that registered address or registered office.

Joint holders

29.10 Where Members are joint holders of a Share, all notices shall be given to the Member whose name first appears in the Register of Members.

52

Signatures

29.11 A written notice shall be signed when it is autographed by or on behalf of the giver, or is marked in such a way as to indicate its execution or adoption by the giver.

29.12 An Electronic Record may be signed by an Electronic Signature.

Evidence of transmission

29.13 A notice given by Electronic Record shall be deemed sent if an Electronic Record is kept demonstrating the time, date and content of the transmission, and if no notification of failure to transmit is received by the giver.

29.14 A notice given in writing shall be deemed sent if the giver can provide proof that the envelope containing the notice was properly addressed, pre-paid and posted, or that the written notice was otherwise properly transmitted to the recipient.

Giving notice to a deceased or bankrupt Member

29.15 A notice may be given by the Company to the persons entitled to a Share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a Member by sending or delivering it, in any manner authorised by these Articles for the giving of notice to a Member, addressed to them by name, or by the title of representatives of the deceased, or trustee of the bankrupt or by any like description, at the address, if any, supplied for that purpose by the persons claiming to be so entitled.

29.16 Until such an address has been supplied, a notice may be given in any manner in which it might have been given if the death or bankruptcy had not occurred.

Date of giving notices

29.17 A notice is given on the date identified in the following table.

Method for giving notices When taken to be given

Personally At the time and date of delivery

By leaving it at the members registered address At the time and date it was left

By posting it by prepaid post to the street or postal address of that recipient 48 hours after the date it was posted

By Electronic Record (other than publication on a website), to recipients Electronic address Within 24 hours after it was sent

By publication on a website See the Articles about the time when notice of a meeting of Members or accounts and reports, as the case may be, are published on a website

53

Saving provision

29.18 None of the preceding notice provisions shall derogate from the Articles about the delivery of written resolutions of Directors and written resolutions of Members.

30 Authentication of Electronic Records

Application of Articles

30.1 Without limitation to any other provision of these Articles, any notice, written resolution or other document under these Articles that is sent by Electronic means by a Member, or by the Secretary, or by a director or other Officer of the Company, shall be deemed to be authentic if either Article 30.2 or Article 30.4 applies.

Authentication of documents sent by Members by Electronic means

30.2 An Electronic Record of a notice, written resolution or other document sent by Electronic means by or on behalf of one or more Members shall be deemed to be authentic if the following conditions are satisfied:

(a) the Member or each Member, as the case may be, signed the original document, and for this purpose Original Document includes several documents in like form signed by one or more of those Members; and

(b) the Electronic Record of the Original Document was sent by Electronic means by, or at the direction of, that Member to an address specified in accordance with these Articles for the purpose for which it was sent; and

(c) Article 30.7 does not apply.

30.3 For example, where a sole Member signs a resolution and sends the Electronic Record of the original resolution, or causes it to be sent, by facsimile transmission to the address in these Articles specified for that purpose, the facsimile copy shall be deemed to be the written resolution of that Member unless Article 30.7 applies.

Authentication of document sent by the Secretary or Officers of the Company by Electronic means

30.4 An Electronic Record of a notice, written resolution or other document sent by or on behalf of the Secretary or an Officer or Officers of the Company shall be deemed to be authentic if the following conditions are satisfied:

(a) the Secretary or the Officer or each Officer, as the case may be, signed the original document, and for this purpose Original Document includes several documents in like form signed by the Secretary or one or more of those Officers; and

54

(b) the Electronic Record of the Original Document was sent by Electronic means by, or at the direction of, the Secretary or that Officer to an address specified in accordance with these Articles for the purpose for which it was sent; and

(c) Article 30.7 does not apply.

This Article applies whether the document is sent by or on behalf of the Secretary or Officer in his own right or as a representative of the Company.

30.5 For example, where a sole director signs a resolution and scans the resolution, or causes it to be scanned, as a PDF version which is attached to an email sent to the address in these Articles specified for that purpose, the PDF version shall be deemed to be the written resolution of that director unless Article 30.7 applies.

Manner of signing

30.6 For the purposes of these Articles about the authentication of Electronic Records, a document will be taken to be signed if it is signed manually or in any other manner permitted by these Articles.

Saving provision

30.7 A notice, written resolution or other document under these Articles will not be deemed to be authentic if the recipient, acting reasonably:

(a) believes that the signature of the signatory has been altered after the signatory had signed the original document; or

(b) believes that the original document, or the Electronic Record of it, was altered, without the approval of the signatory, after the signatory signed the original document; or

(c) otherwise doubts the authenticity of the Electronic Record of the document

and the recipient promptly gives notice to the sender setting the grounds of its objection. If the recipient invokes this Article, the sender may seek to establish the authenticity of the Electronic Record in any way the sender thinks fit.

31 Transfer by way of continuation

31.1 The Company may, by Special Resolution, resolve to be registered by way of continuation in a jurisdiction outside:

(a) the Cayman Islands; or

(b) such other jurisdiction in which it is, for the time being, incorporated, registered or existing.

55

31.2 To give effect to any resolution made pursuant to the preceding Article, the Directors may cause the following:

(a) an application be made to the Registrar of Companies to deregister the Company in the Cayman Islands or in the other jurisdiction in which it is for the time being incorporated, registered or existing; and

(b) all such further steps as they consider appropriate to be taken to effect the transfer by way of continuation of the Company.

32 Winding up

Distribution of assets in specie

32.1 If the Company is wound up, the Members may, subject to these Articles and any other sanction required by the Act, pass a Special Resolution allowing the liquidator to do either or both of the following:

(a) to divide in specie among the Members the whole or any part of the assets of the Company and, for that purpose, to value any assets and to determine how the division shall be carried out as between the Members or different classes of Members;

(b) to vest the whole or any part of the assets in trustees for the benefit of Members and those liable to contribute to the winding up.

No obligation to accept liability

32.2 No Member shall be compelled to accept any assets if an obligation attaches to them.

The Directors are authorised to present a winding up petition

32.3 The Directors have the authority to present a petition for the winding up of the Company to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands on behalf of the Company without the sanction of a resolution passed at a general meeting.

33 Amendment of Memorandum and Articles

Power to change name or amend Memorandum

33.1 Subject to the Act and Article 33.2, the Company may, by Special Resolution:

(a) change its name; or

(b) change the provisions of its Memorandum with respect to its objects, powers or any other matter specified in the Memorandum.

56

Power to amend these Articles

33.2 Subject to the Act and as provided in these Articles, the Company may, by Special Resolution, amend these Articles in whole or in part, save that no amendment may be made to the Memorandum or Articles to amend:

(a) Article 35 prior to the Business Combination unless the holders of the Public Shares are provided with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares upon the approval of any such amendment in the manner and for the price as set out in Article 35.11; or

(b) this Article 33.2 during the Target Business Acquisition Period;

34 Mergers and Consolidations

The Company shall have the power to merge or consolidate with one or more constituent companies (as defined in the Act) upon such terms as the Directors may determine and (to the extent required by the Act) with the approval of a Special Resolution.

35 Business Combination

35.1 Articles 35.1 to 35.11 shall terminate upon consummation of any Business Combination.

35.2 The Company has until 15 months from the consummation of the IPO to consummate a Business Combination, provided however that if the Board of Directors anticipates that the Company may not be able to consummate a Business Combination within 15 months of the consummation of the IPO, the Company may, by Special Resolution extend such date by which the Company must consummate a Business Combination by amending this Article in accordance with Article 35.11. In the event that the Company does not consummate a Business Combination within 15 months from the consummation of the IPO (such date being referred to as the Termination Date), such failure shall trigger an automatic redemption of the Public Shares (an Automatic Redemption Event) and the Directors of the Company shall take all such action necessary to (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten (10) Business Days thereafter to redeem the Public Shares to the holders of Public Shares, on a pro rata basis, in cash at a per-share amount equal to the applicable Per-Share Redemption Price, including a pro rata portion of any interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us or necessary to pay our taxes; and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such Automatic Redemption Event, subject to the approval of our remaining Members and our Directors, liquidate and dissolve the Company, subject to the Companys obligations under the Act to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In the event of an Automatic Redemption Event, only the holders of Public Shares shall be entitled to receive pro rata redeeming distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their Public Shares.

35.3 Unless a shareholder vote is required by law or the rules of the Designated Stock Exchange, or, at the sole discretion of the Directors, the Directors determine to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company may enter into a Business Combination without submitting such Business Combination to its Members for approval.

57

35.4 Although not required, in the event that a shareholder vote is held, and a majority of the votes of the Shares entitled to vote thereon which were present at the meeting to approve the Business Combination are voted for the approval of such Business Combination, the Company shall be authorised to consummate the Business Combination.

35.5 

(a) In the event that a Business Combination is consummated by the Company other than in connection with a shareholder vote under Article 35.4, the Company will, subject to as provided below, offer to redeem the Public Shares for cash in accordance with Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act and subject to any limitations (including but not limited to cash requirements) set forth in the definitive transaction agreements related to the initial Business Combination (the Tender Redemption Offer), provided however that the Company shall not redeem those Shares held by the Initial Shareholders or their affiliates or the Directors or officers of the Company pursuant to such Tender Redemption Offer, whether or not such holders accept such Tender Redemption Offer. The Company will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to consummating the Business Combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the Business Combination and the redemption rights as would be required in a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act. In accordance with the Exchange Act, the Tender Redemption Offer will remain open for a minimum of 20 Business Days and the Company will not be permitted to consummate its Business Combination until the expiry of such period. If in the event a Member holding Public Shares accepts the Tender Redemption Offer and the Company has not otherwise withdrawn the tender offer, the Company shall, promptly after the consummation of the Business Combination, pay such redeeming Member, on a pro rata basis, cash equal to the applicable Per-Share Redemption Price.

(b) In the event that a Business Combination is consummated by the Company in connection with a shareholder vote held pursuant to Article 35.4 in accordance with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act (the Redemption Offer), the Company will, subject as provided below, offer to redeem the Public Shares, other than those Shares held by the Initial Shareholders or their affiliates or the Directors or officers of the Company, regardless of whether such shares are voted for or against the Business Combination, for cash, on a pro rata basis, at a per-share amount equal to the applicable Per-Share Redemption Price, provided however that: (i) the Company shall not redeem those Shares held by the Initial Shareholders or their affiliates or the Directors or officers of the Company pursuant to such Redemption Offer, whether or not such holders accept such Redemption Offer; and (ii) any other redeeming Member who either individually or together with any affiliate of his or any other person with whom he is acting in concert or as a group (as such term is defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act) shall not be permitted to redeem, without the consent of the Directors, more than fifteen percent (15%) of the total Public Shares sold in the IPO.

(c) In no event will the Company consummate the Tender Redemption Offer or the Redemption Offer under Article 35.5 (a) or 35.5(b) or an Amendment Redemption Event under Article 35.11 if such redemptions would cause the Company to have net tangible assets of less than US$5,000,001 or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to the Business Combination.

58

35.6 A holder of Public Shares shall be entitled to receive distributions from the Trust Account only in the event of an Automatic Redemption Event, an Amendment Redemption Event or in the event he accepts a Tender Redemption Offer or a Redemption Offer where the Business Combination is consummated. In no other circumstances shall a holder of Public Shares have any right or interest of any kind in or to the Trust Account.

35.7 Prior to a Business Combination, the Company will not issue any securities (other than Public Shares) that would entitle the holder thereof to (i) receive funds from the Trust Account; or (ii) vote on any Business Combination.

35.8 In the event the Company enters into a Business Combination with a company that is affiliated with the Sponsor or any of the Directors or officers of the Company, the Company will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such a Business Combination is fair to the holders of the Public Shares from a financial point of view.

35.9 The Company will not effectuate a Business Combination with another blank cheque company or a similar company with nominal operations.

35.10 Immediately after the Companys IPO, that amount of the proceeds received by the Company in or in connection with the IPO (including proceeds of any exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option and any proceeds from the simultaneous private placement of like units comprising like securities to those included in the IPO by the Company) as is described in the Companys registration statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC (the Registration Statement) at the time it goes effective as shall be deposited in the Trust Account shall be so deposited and thereafter held in the Trust Account until released in the event of a Business Combination or otherwise in accordance with this Article 35. Neither the Company nor any officer, director or employee of the Company will disburse any of the proceeds held in the Trust Account until the earlier of (i) a Business Combination, or (ii) an Automatic Redemption Event or in payment of the acquisition price for any shares which the Company elects to purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire in accordance with this Article 35, in each case in accordance with the trust agreement governing the Trust Account; provided that interest earned on the Trust Account (as described in the Registration Statement) may be released from time to time to the Company to pay the Companys tax obligations.

35.11 In the event the Directors of the Company propose any amendment to Article 35 or to any of the other rights of the Shares as set out at Article 2.5 prior to, but not for the purposes of approving or in conjunction with the consummation of, a Business Combination that would affect the substance or timing of the Companys obligations as described in this Article 35 to pay or to offer to pay the Per-Share Redemption Price to any holder of the Public Shares (an Amendment) and such Amendment is duly approved by a Special Resolution of the Members (an Approved Amendment), the Company will offer to redeem the Public Shares of any Member for cash, on a pro rata basis, at a per-share amount equal to the applicable Per-Share Redemption Price (an Amendment Redemption Event), provided however that the Company shall not redeem those Shares held by the Initial Shareholders or their affiliates or the Directors or officers of the Company pursuant to such offer, whether or not such holders accept such offer.

59

36 Certain Tax Filings

36.1 Each Tax Filing Authorised Person and any such other person, acting alone, as any director shall designate from time to time, are authorised to file tax forms SS-4, W-8 BEN, W-8 IMY, W-9, 8832 and 2553 and such other similar tax forms as are customary to file with any US state or federal governmental authorities or foreign governmental authorities in connection with the formation, activities and/or elections of the Company and such other tax forms as may be approved from time to time by any director or officer of the Company. The Company further ratifies and approves any such filing made by any Tax Filing Authorised Person or such other person prior to the date of the Articles.

37 Business
Opportunities

37.1 In recognition and anticipation of the facts that: (a) Directors and Officers of the Company may serve as Directors and/or officers of other entities which engage in the same or similar activities or related lines of business as those in which the Company engages; (b) Directors, managers, officers, members, partners, managing members, employees and/or agents of one or more members of the Sponsor Group (each of the foregoing, a Sponsor Group Related Person) may serve as Directors and/or officers of the Company; and (c) the Sponsor Group engages, and may continue to engage in the same or similar activities or related lines of business as those in which the Company, directly or indirectly, may engage and/or other business activities that overlap with or compete with those in which the Company, directly or indirectly, may engage, the provisions under this heading Business Opportunities are set forth to regulate and define the conduct of certain affairs of the Company as they may involve the Sponsor Group and the Sponsor Group Related Persons, and the powers, rights, duties and liabilities of the Company and its Directors, Officers and Members in connection therewith.

37.2 To
the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Directors and Officers of the Company, the Sponsor Group and the Sponsor Group
Related Persons (each of the foregoing, a Relevant Person) shall have no duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by
contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as the
Company. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Company renounces any interest or expectancy of the Company in, or
in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for
either a Relevant Person, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other. Except to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, a Relevant Person shall have no duty to communicate or offer any such corporate opportunity to the Company and shall not be liable to the Company or its Members for breach of any fiduciary duty as a Member, director and/or Officer of the Company solely by reason of the fact that such Relevant Person pursues or acquires such corporate opportunity for itself, himself or herself, directs such corporate opportunity to another person, or does not communicate information regarding such corporate opportunity to the Company, unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such Relevant Person solely in their capacity as a director or Officer of the Company and the opportunity is one the Company is permitted to complete on a reasonable basis.

60

37.3 Except as provided elsewhere in the Articles, the Company hereby renounces any interest or expectancy of the Company in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for both the Company and a Relevant Person, about which a director and/or officer of the Company who is also a Relevant Person acquires knowledge.

37.4 To the extent a court might hold that the conduct of any activity related to a corporate opportunity that is renounced in this Article to be a breach of duty to the Company or its Members, the Company hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, any and all claims and causes of action that the Company may have for such activities. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the provisions of this Article apply equally to activities conducted in the future and that have been conducted in the past.

38 Exclusive Jurisdiction and Forum

38.1 Unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the courts of the Cayman Islands shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim or dispute arising out of or in connection with the Memorandum, the Articles or otherwise related in any way to each Members shareholding in the Company, including but not limited to:

(a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company;

(b) any action asserting a claim of breach of any fiduciary or other duty owed by any current or former director, Officer or other employee of the Company to the Company or the Members;

(c) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Act, the Memorandum or the Articles; or

(d) any action asserting a claim against the Company governed by the Internal Affairs Doctrine (as such concept is recognised under the laws of the United States of America).

38.2 Each Member irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Cayman Islands over all such claims or disputes.

38.3 Without prejudice to any other rights or remedies that the Company may have, each Member acknowledges that damages alone would not be an adequate remedy for any breach of the selection of the courts of the Cayman Islands as exclusive forum and that accordingly the Company shall be entitled, without proof of special damages, to the remedies of injunction, specific performance or other equitable relief for any threatened or actual breach of the selection of the courts of the Cayman Islands as exclusive forum.

38.4 This Article 38 shall not apply to any action or suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any claim for which the federal courts of the United States of America are, as a matter of the laws of the United States, the sole and exclusive forum for determination of such a claim.

61
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>quartzsea_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This
Rights Agreement (this Agreement) is made as of March 18, 2025 between Quartzsea Acquisition
Corporation, a Cayman Islands exempted corporation (the Company), and Continental Stock Transfer &
Trust Company, a New York limited purpose trust company, as rights agent (the Rights Agent).

WHEREAS, the Company entered into an agreement with SPAC Advisory Partners, as representative of the several underwriters, for the Companys initial public offering (Public Offering) pursuant to which the underwriters have agreed to purchase 7,200,000 units (or a maximum of 8,280,000 units if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full). Each unit (Unit) consists of one ordinary share of the Company, $0.0001 par value (the Ordinary Shares), and one right to receive one-fifth (1/5) of one Ordinary Share (a Public Right) upon the happening of the triggering event described herein. In connection therewith, the Company will issue and deliver 7,200,000 Public Rights upon consummation of such Public Offering (or a maximum of 8,280,000 Public Rights if the over-allotment option is exercised in full);

WHEREAS, simultaneously with the consummation of the Public Offering, the Company will issue and deliver up to an aggregate of 224,250 rights (up to a maximum of 231,900 rights if the over-allotment option is exercised in full rights (the Private Rights) underlying private units to be sold in a private placement that will close simultaneously with the closing of the Public Offering;

WHEREAS, the Company may issue additional Rights, which will be identical to the Private Rights, in consideration of certain working capital loans that may be made by the Companys sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates (together with the Public Rights, the Private Rights, and along with such other rights as the Company issues from time to time hereunder, the Rights);

WHEREAS, the Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) a Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-285152 (the Registration Statement), for the registration, under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act) of, among other securities, the Rights and Ordinary Shares issuable to the holders of the Rights;

WHEREAS, the Company desires the Rights Agent to act on behalf of the Company, and the Rights Agent is willing to so act, in connection with the issuance, registration, transfer and exchange of the Rights;

WHEREAS, the Company desires to provide for the form and provisions of the Rights, the terms upon which they shall be issued, and the respective rights, limitation of rights, and immunities of the Company, the Rights Agent, and the holders of the Rights; and

WHEREAS, all acts and things have been done and performed that are necessary to make the Rights, when executed on behalf of the Company and countersigned by or on behalf of the Rights Agent, as provided herein, the valid, binding and legal obligations of the Company, and to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Appointment of Rights Agent. The Company hereby appoints the Rights Agent to act as agent for the Company for the Rights, and the Rights Agent hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to perform the same in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

2. Rights.

2.1. Form of Right. Each Right shall be issued in registered or book entry form only, shall be in substantially the form of Exhibit A hereto, the provisions of which are incorporated herein, and shall be signed by, or bear the electronic signature of, the Chairman of the Board or Chief Executive Officer and Treasurer, Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Company and shall bear the Companys seal, if any. In the event the person whose electronic signature has been placed upon any Right shall have ceased to serve in the capacity in which such person signed the Right before such Right is issued, it may be issued with the same effect as if he or she had not ceased to be such at the date of issuance.

2.2. Effect of Countersignature. Except with respect to uncertificated Rights as described above, unless and until countersigned by the Rights Agent pursuant to this Agreement, a registered Right shall be invalid and of no effect and may not be exchanged for Ordinary Shares.

2.3. Registration.

2.3.1. Right Register. The Rights Agent shall maintain books (the Right Register) for the registration of original issuance and the registration of transfer of the Rights. Upon the initial issuance of the Rights, the Rights Agent shall issue and register the Rights in the names of the respective holders thereof in such denominations and otherwise in accordance with instructions delivered to the Rights Agent by the Company.

2.3.2. Registered Holder. Prior to due presentment for registration of transfer of any Right, the Company and the Rights Agent may deem and treat the person or entity in whose name such Right shall be registered upon the Right Register (the registered holder) as the absolute owner of such Right and of each Right represented thereby (notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing on the Right certificate made by anyone other than the Company or the Rights Agent), for the purpose of the exchange thereof, and for all other purposes, and neither the Company nor the Rights Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary.

2.4. Detachability of Rights. The securities comprising the Units, including the Rights, will not be separately transferable until the fifty-second (52nd) day following the date of Registration Statement unless the Representative informs the Company and the Rights Agent of its decision to allow earlier separate trading, but in no event will separate trading of the securities comprising the Units begin until (i) the Company files a Current Report on Form 8-K which includes an audited balance sheet reflecting the receipt by the Company of the gross proceeds of the Public Offering including the proceeds received by the Company from the exercise of the over-allotment option, if the over-allotment option is exercised on the date of Registration Statement, and (ii) the Company issues a press release announcing when such separate trading shall begin.

3. Terms and Exchange of Rights.

3.1. Rights. Each Right shall entitle the holder thereof to receive one-fifth of one Ordinary Share upon the happening of the Exchange Event (as defined below). No additional consideration shall be paid by a holder of Rights in order to receive his, her or its Ordinary Shares upon the Exchange Event as the purchase price for such Ordinary Shares has been included in the purchase price for the Units. In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Rights or issue fractional Ordinary Shares. The provisions of this Section 3.1 may not be modified, amended or deleted without the prior written consent of the Representative.

3.2. Exchange Event. The Exchange Event shall be the Companys consummation of an initial Business Combination (as defined in the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association).

3.3. Exchange of Rights.

3.3.1. Issuance of Ordinary Shares. As soon as practicable upon the occurrence of the Exchange Event, the Company shall direct holders of the Rights to return their Rights Certificates to the Rights Agent. If the Company is not the surviving entity in a Business Combination, the holder of Rights must affirmatively elect to such conversion. Upon receipt of a valid Rights Certificate, the Rights Agent shall issue to the registered holder of such Right(s) the number of full Ordinary Shares to which he, she or it is entitled, registered in such name or names as may be directed by him, her or it. Notwithstanding the foregoing, or any provision contained in this Agreement to the contrary, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Rights. The Company shall not issue fractional shares upon exchange of Rights. At the time of the Exchange Event, the Company will instruct the Rights Agent to round down to the nearest whole share of Ordinary Shares or otherwise inform it how fractional shares will be addressed in accordance with Cayman Islands law.

2

3.3.2. Valid Issuance. All Ordinary Shares issued upon an Exchange Event in conformity with this Agreement shall be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

3.3.3. Date of Issuance. Each person in whose name any such certificate or book-entry position for Ordinary Shares is issued shall for all purposes be deemed to have become the holder of record of such shares on the date of the Exchange Event, irrespective of the date of delivery of such certificate or book-entry position.

3.3.4. Company Not Surviving Following Exchange Event. If the Exchange Event results in the Company not continuing as the surviving company, the definitive agreement will provide for the holders of Rights to receive the same per share consideration as the holders of the Ordinary Shares will receive in connection with the Exchange Event, for the number of shares such holder is entitled to pursuant to Section 3.1 above, and each holder of a whole Right will be required to affirmatively convert his, her or its Rights in order to receive one-fifth of one share underlying each Right (without paying any additional consideration) upon consummation of the Exchange Event.

3.4. Duration of Rights. If an Exchange Event does not occur within the time period set forth in the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as the same may be amended from time to time, the Rights shall expire and shall be worthless; provided that, for as long as any of the rights are held by the Representative, or its designees or affiliates, such Rights may not be converted after five years, from the commencement of sales under the Registration Statement.

4. Transfer and Exchange of Rights.

4.1. Registration of Transfer. The Rights Agent shall register the transfer, from time to time, of any outstanding Right upon the Right Register, upon surrender of such Right for transfer, properly endorsed with signatures properly guaranteed and accompanied by appropriate instructions for transfer. Upon any such transfer, a new Right representing an equal aggregate number of Rights shall be issued and the old Right shall be cancelled by the Rights Agent.

4.2. Procedure for Surrender of Rights. Rights may be surrendered to the Rights Agent, together with a written request for exchange or transfer, and thereupon the Rights Agent shall issue in exchange therefor one or more new Rights as requested by the registered holder of the Rights so surrendered, representing an equal aggregate number of Rights; provided, however, that in the event that a Right surrendered for transfer bears a restrictive legend and the new Rights to be issued will not bear a restrictive legend, the Rights Agent shall not cancel such Right and issue new Rights in exchange therefor until the Rights Agent has received an opinion of counsel for the Company stating that such transfer may be made and indicating no restrictive legend is required.

4.3. Fractional Rights. The Rights Agent shall not be required to effect any registration of transfer or exchange which will result in the issuance of a Right certificate for a fraction of a Right.

4.4. Service Charges. No service charge shall be made for any exchange or registration of transfer of Rights.

4.5. Right Execution and Countersignature. The Rights Agent is hereby authorized to countersign and to deliver, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Rights required to be issued pursuant to the provisions of this Section 4, and the Company, whenever required by the Rights Agent, will supply the Rights Agent with Rights duly executed on behalf of the Company for such purpose.

4.6. Adjustments to Conversion Ratios. The number of Ordinary Shares that the holders of Rights are entitled to receive as a result of the occurrence of an Exchange Event shall be equitably adjusted to reflect appropriately the effect of any share split, reverse share split, share dividend, reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, combination, exchange of shares or other like change with respect to Ordinary Shares occurring on or after the date hereof and prior to the Exchange Event.

3

5. Other Provisions Relating to Rights of Holders of Rights.

5.1. No Rights as Shareholder. Until the exchange of Rights for Ordinary Shares as provided for herein, a Right does not entitle the registered holder thereof to any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company, including, without limitation, the right to receive dividends, or other distributions, exercise any preemptive rights to vote or to consent or to receive notice as shareholders in respect of the meetings of shareholders or the election of directors of the Company or any other matter.

5.2. Lost, Stolen, Mutilated, or Destroyed Rights. If any Right is lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed, the Company and the Rights Agent may on such terms as to indemnity or otherwise as they may in their discretion impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Right, include the surrender thereof), issue a new Right of like denomination, tenor, and date as the Right so lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed. Any such new Right shall constitute a substitute contractual obligation of the Company, whether or not the allegedly lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed Right shall be at any time enforceable by anyone.

5.3. Reservation of Ordinary Shares. The Company shall at all times reserve and keep available a number of its authorized but unissued Ordinary Shares that will be sufficient to permit the exchange of all outstanding Rights issued pursuant to this Agreement.

6. Concerning the Rights Agent and Other Matters.

6.1. Payment of Taxes. The Company will from time to time promptly pay all taxes and charges that may be imposed upon the Company or the Rights Agent in respect of the issuance or delivery of Ordinary Shares upon the exchange of Rights, but the Company shall not be obligated to pay any transfer taxes in respect of the Rights or such shares.

6.2. Resignation, Consolidation, or Merger of Rights Agent.

6.2.1. Appointment of Successor Rights Agent. The Rights Agent, or any successor to it hereafter appointed, may resign its duties and be discharged from all further duties and liabilities hereunder after giving sixty (60) days notice in writing to the Company. If the office of the Rights Agent becomes vacant by resignation or incapacity to act or otherwise, the Company shall appoint in writing a successor Rights Agent in place of the Rights Agent. If the Company shall fail to make such appointment within a period of 30 days after it has been notified in writing of such resignation or incapacity by the Rights Agent or by the holder of the Right (who shall, with such notice, submit his, her or its Right for inspection by the Company), then the holder of any Right may apply to the Supreme Court of the State of New York for the County of New York for the appointment of a successor Rights Agent at the Companys cost. Any successor Rights Agent, whether appointed by the Company or by such court, shall be a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of New York, in good standing and having its principal office in the Borough of Manhattan, City and State of New York, and authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trust powers and subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authority. After appointment, any successor Rights Agent shall be vested with all the authority, powers, rights, immunities, duties, and obligations of its predecessor Rights Agent with like effect as if originally named as Rights Agent hereunder, without any further act or deed; but if for any reason it becomes necessary or appropriate, the predecessor Rights Agent shall execute and deliver, at the expense of the Company, an instrument transferring to such successor Rights Agent all the authority, powers, and rights of such predecessor Rights Agent hereunder; and upon request of any successor Rights Agent the Company shall make, execute, acknowledge, and deliver any and all instruments in writing for more fully and effectually vesting in and confirming to such successor Rights Agent all such authority, powers, rights, immunities, duties, and obligations.

4

6.2.2. Notice of Successor Rights Agent. In the event a successor Rights Agent shall be appointed, the Company shall give notice thereof to the predecessor Rights Agent and the transfer agent for Ordinary Shares not later than the effective date of any such appointment.

6.2.3. Merger or Consolidation of Rights Agent. Any corporation into which the Rights Agent may be merged or with which it may be consolidated or any corporation resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Rights Agent shall be a party shall be the successor Rights Agent under this Agreement without any further act.

6.3. Fees and Expenses of Rights Agent.

6.3.1. Remuneration. The Company agrees to pay the Rights Agent reasonable remuneration for its services as such Rights Agent hereunder and will reimburse the Rights Agent upon demand for all expenditures that the Rights Agent may reasonably incur in the execution of its duties hereunder.

6.3.2. Further Assurances. The Company agrees to perform, execute, acknowledge, and deliver or cause to be performed, executed, acknowledged, and delivered all such further and other acts, instruments, and assurances as may reasonably be required by the Rights Agent for the carrying out or performing of the provisions of this Agreement.

6.4. Liability of Rights Agent.

6.4.1. Reliance on Company Statement. Whenever in the performance of its duties under this Agreement, the Rights Agent shall deem it necessary or desirable that any fact or matter be proved or established by the Company prior to taking or suffering any action hereunder, such fact or matter (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may be deemed to be conclusively proved and established by a statement signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer and delivered to the Rights Agent. The Rights Agent may rely upon such statement for any action taken or suffered in good faith by it pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement.

6.4.2. Indemnity. The Rights Agent shall be liable hereunder only for its own gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith. Subject to Section 6.6 below, the Company agrees to indemnify the Rights Agent and save it harmless against any and all liabilities, including judgments, costs and reasonable counsel fees, for anything done or omitted by the Rights Agent in the execution of this Agreement except as a result of the Rights Agents gross negligence, willful misconduct, or bad faith.

6.4.3. Exclusions. The Rights Agent shall have no responsibility with respect to the validity of this Agreement or with respect to the validity or execution of any Right (except its countersignature thereof); nor shall it be responsible for any breach by the Company of any covenant or condition contained in this Agreement or in any Right; nor shall it by any act hereunder be deemed to make any representation or warranty as to the authorization or reservation of any Ordinary Share to be issued pursuant to this Agreement or any Right or as to whether any Ordinary Share will, when issued, be valid and fully paid and nonassessable.

6.5. Acceptance of Agency. The Rights Agent hereby accepts the agency established by this Agreement and agrees to perform the same upon the terms and conditions herein set forth.

6.6. Waiver. The Rights Agent hereby waives any right of set-off or any other right, title, interest or claim of any kind (Claim) in, or to any distribution of, the Trust Account (as defined in that certain Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and between the Company and the Rights Agent as trustee thereunder) and hereby agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction for any Claim against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.

5

7. Miscellaneous Provisions.

7.1. Successors. All the covenants and provisions of this Agreement by or for the benefit of the Company or the Rights Agent shall bind and inure to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns.

7.2. Notices. Any notice, statement or demand authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the Rights Agent or by the holder of any Right to or on the Company shall be sufficiently given when so delivered if by hand or overnight delivery or if sent by certified mail or private courier service within five days after deposit of such notice, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing by the Company with the Rights Agent), as follows:

Quartzsea Acquisition Corp.

1185 6th Ave., Suite 304

New York, NY 10044

Telephone: (212) 612 1400

Attn: Qi Gong

Any notice, statement or demand authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the holder of any Right or by the Company to or on the Rights Agent shall be sufficiently given when so delivered if by hand or overnight delivery or if sent by certified mail or private courier service within five days after deposit of such notice, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing by the Rights Agent with the Company), as follows:

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, NY 10004-1561

Attn: Legal Department

and

Celine & Partners, PLLC

1185 6th Ave., Suite 304

New York, NY 10044

Attn: Cassi Olsen, Esq.

and

SPAC Advisory Partners

a division of Kingswood Capital Partners LLC

5900 Balcones Drive, Suite 100

Austin, TX 78731

Attn: Gus Garcia

and

Holland & Knight LLP

811 Main Street, Suite 2500

Houston, Texas 77002

Attn: James R. Brown

6

7.3. Applicable Law. The validity, interpretation, and performance of this Agreement and of the Rights shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. Subject to applicable law, the Company and the Rights Agent hereby agree that any action, proceeding or claim against either of them arising out of or relating in any way to this Agreement shall be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. The Company and the Rights Agent hereby waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this paragraph will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum or any compliant asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act against the Company or any of the Companys directors, officers, other employees or agents.

Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in the Rights shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in this Section 7.3. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions above, is filed in a court other than a court located within the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action) in the name of any Rights holder, such Rights holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action), and (y) having service of process made upon such Rights holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such Rights holders counsel in the foreign action as agent for such Rights holder.

7.4. Persons Having Rights under this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement expressed and nothing that may be implied from any of the provisions hereof is intended, or shall be construed, to confer upon, or give to, any person or corporation other than the parties hereto and the registered holders of the Rights and, for the purposes of Sections 3.1, 7.4 and 7.8 hereof, the Representative, any right, remedy, or claim under or by reason of this Agreement or of any covenant, condition, stipulation, promise, or agreement hereof. The Representative shall be deemed to be a third-party beneficiary of this Agreement with respect to Sections 3.1, 7.4 and 7.8 hereof. All covenants, conditions, stipulations, promises, and agreements contained in this Agreement shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto (and the Representative with respect to Sections 3.1, 7.4 and 7.8 hereof) and their successors and assigns and of the registered holders of the Rights.

7.5. Examination of Rights Agreement. A copy of this Agreement shall be available at all reasonable times at the office of the Rights Agent in the County of New York, State of New York, for inspection by the registered holder of any Right. The Rights Agent may require any such holder to submit his, her or its Right for inspection by it.

7.6. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of original or electronic counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.

7.7. Effect of Headings. The Section headings herein are for convenience only and are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the interpretation thereof.

7.8. Amendments. This Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto without the consent of any registered holder for the purpose of curing any ambiguity, or of curing, correcting or supplementing any defective provision contained herein or adding or changing any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under this Agreement as the parties may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem shall not adversely affect the interest of the registered holders in any material respect. All other modifications or amendments shall require the written consent or vote of the registered holders of a majority of the then outstanding Rights. The provisions of this Section 7.8 may not be modified, amended or deleted without the prior written consent of the Representative.

7.9.
Severability. This Agreement shall be deemed severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision hereof
shall not affect the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or of any other term or provision hereof. Furthermore, in lieu of any
such invalid or unenforceable term or provision, the parties hereto intend provision hereof. Furthermore, in lieu of any such invalid
or unenforceable term or provision, the parties hereto intend that there shall be added as a part of this Agreement a provision as similar
in terms to such invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be valid and enforceable.

[Signature Page Follows]

7

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been duly executed by the parties hereto as of the day and year first above written.

Quartzsea Acquisition Corp.

By: /s/ Qi Gong

Name: Qi Gong

Title: Chief Executive Officer

CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY

By: /s/ Erika Young 3/18/2025

Name: Erika Young 

Title: Vice President

Signature Page to Rights Agreement

8

EXHIBIT A

Form of Rights Certificate

A-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>quartzsea_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

March 17, 2025

Quartzsea Acquisition Corporation

1185 6th Avenue, Suite 304

New York, NY 10036

SPAC Advisory Partners

a division of Kingswood Capital Partners LLC

5900 Balcones Drive, Suite 100

Austin, TX 78731

Re: Initial Public Offering

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This letter (this Letter Agreement) is being delivered to you in accordance with the Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) entered into by and between Quartzsea Acquisition Corporation, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), and SPAC Advisory Partners, (the Representative) as representative of the underwriters (the Underwriters), relating to an underwritten initial public offering (the Public Offering) of the Companys units (the Units), each comprised of one ordinary share of the Company, $0.0001 par value per share (the Shares), and one right. Each right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-fifth (1/5) of one ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial business combination, subject to adjustment. Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined in paragraph 10 hereof. The Units shall be sold in the Public Offering pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1 and prospectus (the Prospectus) filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) and the Company shall apply to have the Units listed on the Nasdaq Global Market. Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined in paragraph 10 hereof.

In order to induce the Company and the Underwriters to enter into the Underwriting Agreement and to proceed with the Public Offering and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Blue Jay Investment LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor), and the other undersigned persons (each, an Insider and collectively, the Insiders), hereby agrees with the Company as follows:

1. The Sponsor and each Insider agrees that if the Company seeks shareholder approval of a proposed Business Combination (as defined below), then in connection with such proposed Business Combination, it, he or she shall (i) vote any Shares owned by it, him or her in favor of any proposed Business Combination (other than public shares purchased outside of a redemption offer which may not be voted in favor of approving the Business Combination transaction in accordance with the requirements of Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act and any SEC interpretations or guidance relating thereto) and (ii) not redeem any Shares owned by it, him or her in connection with such shareholder approval.

2. The Sponsor and each Insider agrees that in the event that the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the time period set forth in the Companys Post-offering Memorandum and Articles of Association (as it may be amended from time to time, the Charter), the Sponsor and each Insider shall take all reasonable steps to cause the Company to (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten (10) business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the Shares sold as part of the Units in the Public Offering (the Offering Shares), at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account (as defined below), including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes paid or payable and up to $50,000 of interest to pay liquidation and dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Offering Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish all Public Shareholders (as defined below) rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Companys remaining shareholders and the Companys board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to the Companys obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law. The Sponsor and each Insider agrees to not propose any amendment to the Charter (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to provide for redemption rights as set forth in the Prospectus or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless the Company provides its Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Offering Shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding Offering Shares.

The Sponsor and each Insider have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and public shares they hold in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and public shares they hold in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our Post-offering Memorandum and Articles of Association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the ability of holders of our public shares to seek redemption in connection with our initial business combination or our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if the Company does not complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any Founder Shares they hold if the Company fails to complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if the Company fails to complete its initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. Permitted transferees of the Founder Shares held by our Sponsor, officers, directors, and director nominees would be subject to the same restrictions.

3. In the event of the liquidation of the Trust Account, the Sponsor (which for purposes of clarification shall not extend to any other equity holders, members or managers of the Sponsor) agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever (including, but not limited to, any and all legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, whether pending or threatened, or any claim whatsoever) to which the Company may become subject as a result of any claim by (i) any third party (other than the Companys independent public accountants) for services rendered or products sold to the Company or (ii) a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement (a Target); provided, however, that such indemnification of the Company by the Sponsor shall apply only to the extent necessary to ensure that such claims by a third party for services rendered (other than the Companys independent public accountants) or products sold to the Company or a Target do not reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (i) $10 per share of the Offering Shares or (ii) such lesser amount per share of the Offering Shares held in the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, in each case, net of the amount of interest earned on the property in the Trust Account which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party (including a Target) who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Companys indemnity of the Underwriters against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. In the event that any such executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against such third party, the Sponsor shall not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. The Sponsor shall have the right to defend against any such claim with counsel of its choice reasonably satisfactory to the Company if, within 15 days following written receipt of notice of the claim to the Sponsor, the Sponsor notifies the Company in writing that it shall undertake such defense.

4. To the extent that the Underwriters do not exercise some or all of their over-allotment option to purchase up to an additional 1,080,000 Units within 45 days from the date of the Prospectus (and as further described in the Prospectus), the Sponsor agrees that it shall forfeit, at no cost, a number of Founder Shares in the aggregate equal to 378,000 multiplied by a fraction, (i) the numerator of which is 1,080,000 minus the number of Units purchased by the Underwriters upon the exercise of their over-allotment option, and (ii) the denominator of which is 1,080,000.

All references in this Letter Agreement to Founder Shares of the Company being forfeited shall take effect as surrenders for no consideration of such Founder Shares as a matter of Cayman Islands law. The forfeiture will be adjusted to the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised in full by the Underwriters so that the Founder Shares will represent 35% of the Companys issued and outstanding Shares after the Public Offering (assuming the Initial Shareholders do not purchase any units in the Public Offering and excluding the Private Shares). The Initial Shareholders further agree that to the extent that the size of the Public Offering is increased or decreased, the Company will effect a capitalization or share repurchase or redemption or other appropriate mechanism, as applicable, immediately prior to the consummation of the Public Offering in such amount as to maintain the ownership of the Initial Shareholders prior to the Public Offering at 35% of the Companys issued and outstanding Shares upon the consummation of the Public Offering (assuming the Initial Shareholders do not purchase any units in the Public Offering and excluding the Private Shares).

2

5. The Sponsor and each Insider hereby agrees and acknowledges that: (i) the Underwriters and the Company would be irreparably injured in the event of a breach by such Sponsor or Insider of its, his or her obligations under paragraphs 1, 2, 3, 4, 6(a), 6(b) and 8 of this Letter Agreement (ii) monetary damages may not be an adequate remedy for such breach and (iii) the non-breaching party shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief, in addition to any other remedy that such party may have in law or in equity, in the event of such breach.

6. (a) The Sponsor and each Insider agrees that it, he or she shall not Transfer (as defined below) any Founder Shares (or any shares issuable upon conversion thereof) until the earlier of (A) 180 days following the consummation of our initial business combination or (B) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction after our initial business combination that results in all of our public stockholders having the right to exchange their public shares for cash, securities or other property (the Founder Shares Lock-up Period).

(b) The Sponsor and each Insider agrees that it, he or she shall not Transfer any Private Units (including the Private Shares and the Private Rights) until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination (the Private Placement Units Lock-up Period, together with the Founder Shares Lock-up Period, the Lock-up Periods).

(c) Notwithstanding the provisions set forth in paragraphs 6(a) and 6(b), Transfers of the Founder Shares and Private Units (including the Private Shares and the Private Rights), are permitted (a) (a) to our officers, directors, advisors or consultants, any affiliate or family member of any of our or the underwriters officers, directors, advisors or consultants, any members or partners of the sponsor or their affiliates and funds and accounts advised by such members or partners, any affiliates of the sponsor, or any employees of such affiliates, (b) in the case of an individual, as a gift to such persons immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of such persons immediate family, an affiliate of such person or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of such person; (d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) by private sales or transfers made in connection with any forward purchase agreement or similar arrangement, in connection with an extension of the completion window or in connection with the consummation of a business combination at prices no greater than the price at which the shares or warrants were originally purchased; (f) pro rata distributions from our sponsor or the underwriters to their respective members, partners or shareholders pursuant to our sponsors limited liability company agreement or other charter documents; (g) by virtue of the laws of the Cayman Islands or our sponsors limited liability company agreement upon dissolution of our sponsor or upon dissolution of any of the underwriters, (h) in the event of our liquidation prior to our consummation of our initial business combination; (i) to a nominee or custodian of a person or entity to whom a transfer would be permissible under clauses (a) through (g); or (j) to us for cancellation; provided, however, that in the case of clauses (a) through (g) and clause (ii) these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions and the other restrictions contained in the letter agreements (the Permitted Transferees) must enter into a written agreement with the Company agreeing to be bound by the transfer restrictions in this Agreement.

7. The Sponsor and each Insider represents and warrants that it, he or she has never been suspended or expelled from membership in any securities or commodities exchange or association or had a securities or commodities license or registration denied, suspended or revoked. Each Insiders biographical information furnished to the Company, if any (including any such information included in the Prospectus), is true and accurate in all respects and does not omit any material information with respect to such Insiders background. The Sponsor and each Insiders questionnaire furnished to the Company, if any, is true and accurate in all respects. The Sponsor and each Insider represents and warrants that: it, he or she is not subject to or a respondent in any legal action for, any injunction, cease-and-desist order or order or stipulation to desist or refrain from any act or practice relating to the offering of securities in any jurisdiction; it, he or she has never been convicted of, or pleaded guilty to, any crime (i) involving fraud, (ii) relating to any financial transaction or handling of funds of another person, or (iii) pertaining to any dealings in any securities and it, he or she is not currently a defendant in any such criminal proceeding.

8. Except as disclosed in the Prospectus, neither the Sponsor nor any Insider nor any affiliate of the Sponsor or any Insider, nor any director or officer of the Company, shall receive from the Company any finders fee, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies in respect of any repayment of a loan or other compensation prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is).

3

9. The Sponsor and each Insider has full right and power, without violating any agreement to which it is bound (including, without limitation, any non-competition or non-solicitation agreement with any employer or former employer), to enter into this Letter Agreement and, as applicable, to serve as an officer and/or director on the board of directors of the Company and hereby consents to being named in the Prospectus as an officer/and or director of the Company.

10. As used herein, (i) Business Combination shall mean a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses; (ii) Shares shall mean, the ordinary share; (iii) Founder Shares shall mean the 2,898,000 ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding immediately prior to the consummation of the Public Offering; (iv) Initial Shareholders shall mean the Sponsor and any Insider that holds Founder Shares; (v) Private Units shall mean the 224,250 units (or up to 231,900 units if the over-allotment option is exercised in full), each comprised of one ordinary share and one right, at a purchase price of $10.00 per Private Unit, in a private placement that shall occur simultaneously with the consummation of the Public Offering; (vi) Private Shares shall mean the ordinary shares underlying the Private Units, (vii) Public Shareholders shall mean the holders of securities issued in the Public Offering; (viii) Trust Account shall mean the trust fund into which a portion of the net proceeds of the Public Offering shall be deposited; and (ix) Transfer shall mean the (a) sale or assignment of, offer to sell, contract or agreement to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant of any option to purchase or otherwise dispose of or agreement to dispose of, directly or indirectly, or establishment or increase of a put equivalent position or liquidation with respect to or decrease of a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act), and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder with respect to, any security, (b) entry into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any security, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of such securities, in cash or otherwise, or (c) public announcement of any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (a) or (b).

11. This Letter Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior understandings, agreements, or representations by or among the parties hereto, written or oral, to the extent they relate in any way to the subject matter hereof or the transactions contemplated hereby. This Letter Agreement may not be changed, amended, modified or waived (other than to correct a typographical error) as to any particular provision, except by a written instrument executed by the Sponsor and each Insider that is the subject of any such change, amendment modification or waiver.

12. No party hereto may assign either this Letter Agreement or any of its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other parties. Any purported assignment in violation of this paragraph shall be void and ineffectual and shall not operate to transfer or assign any interest or title to the purported assignee. This Letter Agreement shall be binding on the Sponsor and each Insider and their respective successors, heirs and assigns and Permitted Transferees.

13. This Letter Agreement may be executed in any number of original or facsimile counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.

14. This Letter Agreement shall be deemed severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision hereof shall not affect the validity or enforceability of this Letter Agreement or of any other term or provision hereof. Furthermore, in lieu of any such invalid or unenforceable term or provision, the parties hereto intend that there shall be added as a part of this Letter Agreement a provision as similar in terms to such invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be valid and enforceable.

4

15. This Letter Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. The parties hereto (i) all agree that any action, proceeding, claim or dispute arising out of, or relating in any way to, this Letter Agreement shall be brought and enforced in the courts of New York City, in the State of New York, and irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction and venue, which jurisdiction and venue shall be exclusive and (ii) waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and venue or that such courts represent an inconvenient forum.

16. Any notice, consent or request to be given in connection with any of the terms or provisions of this Letter Agreement shall be in writing and shall be sent by express mail or similar private courier service, by certified mail (return receipt requested), by hand delivery or facsimile transmission.

17. Each party hereto shall not be liable for any breaches or misrepresentations contained in this Letter Agreement by any other party to this Letter Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Insider with respect to any other Insider), and no party shall be liable or responsible for the obligations of another party, including, without limitation, indemnification obligations and notice obligations.

18. This Letter Agreement shall terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of the Lock-up Periods or (ii) the liquidation of the Company; provided, however; provided further that paragraph 3 of this Letter Agreement shall survive such liquidation.

Sincerely,

Blue Jay Investment LLC

By: /s/ Qi Gong

Name: Qi Gong

Title: Member 

Acknowledged and Agreed: 

Quartzsea Acquisition Corporation 

By: /s/ Qi Gong 

Name: Qi Gong 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>quartzsea_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

Investment Management Trust Agreement

This Investment Management Trust Agreement (this Agreement) is made effective as of March 17, 2025 by and between Quartzsea Acquisition Corporation, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company) and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a New York corporation (the Trustee).

WHEREAS, the Companys registration statement on Form S-1, No. 333-285152 (the Registration Statement), for its initial public offering of Companys units (the Units), each of which consists of one ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share (the Ordinary Shares), and one right to receive one-fifth (1/5) of one Ordinary Share upon the consummation of the Companys initial business combination (such initial public offering hereinafter referred to as the Offering); and

WHEREAS, the Company has entered into an Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) with SPAC Advisory Partners LLC, (the Representative) acting as the representative of the underwriters in the Offering; and

WHEREAS, simultaneously with the Offering, Blue Jay Investment LLC, the Companys sponsor will be purchasing 224,250 (or 231,900 if the overallotment is exercised in full) private units (Private Units) at $10.00 per private unit (for a total purchase price of $2,242,500 or $2,319,000 if the overallotment is exercised in full); and

WHEREAS, as described in the Registration Statement, $74,242,500 of the gross proceeds of the Offering and sale of the Private Placement Units ($85,119,000 if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be delivered to the Trustee to be deposited and held in a trust account located at all times in the United States (the Trust Account) for the benefit of the Company and the holders of Ordinary Shares included in the Units issued in the Offering as hereinafter provided (the amount to be delivered to the Trustee will be referred to herein as the Property; the shareholders for whose benefit the Trustee shall hold the Property will be referred to as the Public Shareholders, and the Public Shareholders and the Company will be referred to together as the Beneficiaries); and

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, 4.0% of the gross proceeds of the Proposed Public Offering, or $2,880,000 (or $3,312,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) is attributable to deferred underwriting discounts and commissions that may become payable by the Company to the underwriters upon the consummation of an initial business combination (as described in the Registration Statement, a Business Combination); and

WHEREAS, the Company and the Trustee desire to enter into this Agreement to set forth the terms and conditions pursuant to which the Trustee shall hold the Property.

NOW THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED:

1. Agreements and Covenants of Trustee. The Trustee hereby agrees and covenants to:

(a) Hold the Property in trust for the Beneficiaries in accordance with the terms of this Agreement in a segregated trust account (Trust Account) established by the Trustee at JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA (or at another U.S. chartered commercial bank with consolidated assets of $100 billion or more) in the United States, maintained by Trustee, and at a brokerage institution selected by the Trustee that is reasonably satisfactory to the Company;

(b) Manage, supervise and administer the Trust Account subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein;

(c) In a timely manner, upon the written instruction of the Company, either (i) invest and reinvest the Property solely in U.S. government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act), having a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(1), (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act (or any successor rule), which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations or (ii) deposit the Property into an interest or non-interest bearing demand deposit account at a U.S. chartered commercial bank with consolidated assets of $100 billion or more selected by the Trustee that is reasonably satisfactory to the Company; it being understood that the Trust Account will earn no interest while account funds are uninvested awaiting the Companys instructions hereunder and while the account funds are invested or uninvested, the Trustee may earn bank credits or other consideration during such periods.

(d) Collect and receive, when due, all principal and income arising from the Property, which shall become part of the Property, as such term is used herein;

(e) Promptly notify the Company and the Representative of all communications received by it with respect to any Property requiring action by the Company;

(f) Supply any necessary information or documents as may be requested by the Company in connection with the Companys preparation of its tax returns;

(g) Participate in any plan or proceeding for protecting or enforcing any right or interest arising from the Property if, as and when instructed by the Company to do so;

(h) Render to the Company monthly written statements of the activities of and amounts in the Trust Account reflecting all receipts and disbursements of the Trust Account; and

(i) Commence liquidation of the Trust Account only after and promptly after (x) receipt of, and only in accordance with, the terms of a letter (Termination Letter), in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as either Exhibit A or Exhibit B, as applicable, signed on behalf of the Company by its Chief Executive Officer or Chairman of the board of directors (the Board), and in the case of Exhibit A, jointly signed by the Representative, and complete the liquidation of the Trust Account and distribute the Property in the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of any taxes payable or owed and, in the case of Exhibit B, less up to $50,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) only as directed in the Termination Letter and the other documents referred to therein; or (y) that in the event that a Termination Letter has not been received by the Trustee by the 15-month anniversary of the closing of the Offering (Closing), including all available extensions provided therein or as may be approved by the Companys shareholders (Applicable Deadline), or (z) upon the end of a 30-day cure period after the date any additional amount of funds was required to be deposited in the Trust Account as a condition of any extension of such date approved by the Companys shareholders, the Trust Account shall be liquidated in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Termination Letter attached as Exhibit B and the Property in the Trust Account, including interest (which shall be net of any taxes payable or owed and less up to $50,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) shall be distributed to the Public Shareholders of record as of such date;

(j) Upon written request from the Company, which may be given from time to time in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit C, withdraw from the Trust Account and distribute to the Company the amount of interest earned on the Property requested by the Company to cover certain tax obligations owed by the Company as a result of assets of the Company or interest or other income earned on the Property, which amount shall be delivered directly to the Company by electronic funds transfer or other method of prompt payment, and the Company shall forward such payment to the relevant taxing authority, as applicable; provided, however, that to the extent there is not sufficient cash in the Trust Account to pay such tax obligation, the Trustee shall liquidate such assets held in the Trust Account as shall be designated by the Company in writing to make such distribution so long as there is no reduction in the principal amount per share initially deposited in the Trust Account. The Company is not permitted to use the proceeds placed in the trust account and the interest earned thereon to pay any excise taxes or any other similar fees or taxes in nature that may be imposed on the Company pursuant to any current, pending or future rules or laws. The written request of the Company referenced above shall constitute presumptive evidence that the Company is entitled to said funds, and the Trustee shall have no responsibility to look beyond said request;

(k) Upon written request from the Company, which may be given from time to time in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit D, the Trustee shall distribute to the Public Shareholders of record as of such date the amount requested by the Company to be used to redeem Ordinary Shares from Public Shareholders properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (i) that would affect the ability of holders of public Ordinary Shares to exercise redemption rights or modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to redeem 100% of its public Ordinary Shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within such time as is described in the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity;

(l) Not disburse any amounts from the Trust Account in connection with a Business Combination in the event that the amount per share to be received by the redeeming Public Shareholders is less than $10.00 per share.

2

2. Agreements and Covenants of the Company. The Company hereby agrees to:

(a) Give all instructions to the Trustee hereunder in writing, signed by the Companys Chief Executive Officer or Chairman of the Board. In addition, except with respect to its duties under Sections 1(i), 1(j) and 1(k) hereof, the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on, and shall be protected in relying on, any verbal or telephonic advice or instruction which it, in good faith and with reasonable care, believes to be given by any one of the persons authorized above to give written instructions, provided that the Company shall promptly confirm such instructions in writing;

(b) Subject to Section 4 and 6(g) hereof, hold the Trustee harmless and indemnify the Trustee from and against any and all out-of-pocket expenses, including reasonable counsel fees and disbursements, or losses suffered by the Trustee in connection with any action taken by it hereunder and in connection with any action, suit or other proceeding brought against the Trustee involving any claim, or in connection with any claim or demand, which in any way arises out of or relates to this Agreement, the services of the Trustee hereunder, or the Property or any interest earned on the Property, except for expenses and losses resulting from the Trustees gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct. Promptly after the receipt by the Trustee of notice of demand or claim or the commencement of any action, suit or proceeding, pursuant to which the Trustee intends to seek indemnification under this Section 2(b), it shall notify the Company in writing of such claim (hereinafter referred to as the Indemnified Claim). The Trustee shall have the right to conduct and manage the defense against such Indemnified Claim; provided that the Trustee shall obtain the consent of the Company with respect to the selection of counsel, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. The Trustee may not agree to settle any Indemnified Claim without the prior written consent of the Company, which such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. The Company may participate in such action with its own counsel;

(c) Pay the Trustee the fees set forth on Schedule A hereto, including an initial acceptance fee, annual administration fee, and transaction processing fee which fees shall be subject to modification by the parties from time to time. It is expressly understood that the Property shall not be used to pay such fees unless and until it is distributed to the Company pursuant to Sections 1(i) through 1(k) hereof. The Company shall pay the Trustee the initial acceptance fee and the first annual administration fee at the consummation of the Offering. The Company shall not be responsible for any other fees or charges of the Trustee except as set forth in this Section 2(c), Schedule A and as may be provided in Section 2(b) hereof;

(d) In connection with any vote of the Companys shareholders regarding a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination involving the Company and one or more businesses (a Business Combination), provide to the Trustee an affidavit or certificate of the inspector of elections for the shareholder meeting organized for the approval of such Business Combination verifying the vote of such shareholders at the meeting;

(e) Provide the Representative with a copy of any Termination Letter(s) and/or any other correspondence that is sent to the Trustee with respect to any proposed withdrawal from the Trust Account promptly after it issues the same;

(f) Instruct the Trustee to make only those distributions that are permitted under this Agreement, and refrain from instructing the Trustee to make any distributions that are not permitted under this Agreement;

(g) If applicable, issue a press release at least three days prior to the Applicable Deadline announcing that, at least five days prior to the Applicable Deadline, the Company received notice from the Sponsor that the Sponsor intends to extend the Applicable Deadline; and

(h) Promptly following the Applicable Deadline, disclose whether or not the term the Company has to consummate a Business Combination has been extended.

3

3. Limitations of Liability. The Trustee shall have no responsibility or liability to:

(a) Imply obligations, perform duties, inquire or otherwise be subject to the provisions of any agreement or document other than this Agreement and that which is expressly set forth herein;

(b) Take any action with respect to the Property, other than as directed in Section 1 hereof, and the Trustee shall have no liability to any third party except for liability arising out of the Trustees gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct;

(c) Institute any proceeding for the collection of any principal and income arising from, or institute, appear in or defend any proceeding of any kind with respect to, any of the Property unless and until it shall have received instructions from the Company given as provided herein to do so and the Company shall have advanced or guaranteed to it funds sufficient to pay any expenses incident thereto;

(d) Refund any depreciation in principal of any Property;

(e) Assume that the authority of any person designated by the Company to give instructions hereunder shall not be continuing unless provided otherwise in such designation, or unless the Company shall have delivered a written revocation of such authority to the Trustee;

(f) The other parties hereto or to anyone else for any action taken or omitted by it, or any action suffered by it to be taken or omitted, in good faith and in the Trustees best judgment, except for the Trustees gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct. The Trustee may rely conclusively and shall be protected in acting upon any order, notice, demand, certificate, opinion or advice of counsel (including counsel chosen by the Trustee, which counsel may be the Companys counsel), statement, instrument, report or other paper or document (not only as to its due execution and the validity and effectiveness of its provisions, but also as to the truth and acceptability of any information therein contained) which the Trustee believes, in good faith and with reasonable care, to be genuine and to be signed or presented by the proper person or persons. The Trustee shall not be bound by any notice or demand, or any waiver, modification, termination or rescission of this Agreement or any of the terms hereof, unless evidenced by a written instrument delivered to the Trustee, signed by the proper party or parties and, if the duties or rights of the Trustee are affected, unless it shall give its prior written consent thereto;

(g) Provide any assurance that any Business Combination entered into by the Company or any other action taken by the Company is as contemplated by the Registration Statement;

(h) File information returns with respect to the Trust Account with any local, state or federal taxing authority or provide periodic written statements to the Company documenting the taxes payable by the Company, if any, relating to any interest income earned on the Property;

(i) Prepare, execute and file tax reports, income or other tax returns and pay any taxes with respect to any income generated by, and activities relating to, the Trust Account, regardless of whether such tax is payable by the Trust Account or the Company, including, but not limited to, income tax obligations, except pursuant to Section 1(j) hereof; or

(j) Verify calculations, qualify or otherwise approve the Companys written requests for distributions pursuant to Sections 1(i), 1(j) and 1(k) hereof.

4. Trust Account Waiver. The Trustee has no right of set-off or any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (Claim) to, or to any monies in, the Trust Account, and hereby irrevocably waives any Claim to, or to any monies in, the Trust Account that it may have now or in the future. In the event the Trustee has any Claim against the Company under this Agreement, including, without limitation, under Section 2(b) or Section 2(c) hereof, the Trustee shall pursue such Claim solely against the Company and its assets outside the Trust Account and not against the Property or any monies in the Trust Account.

4

5. Termination. This Agreement shall terminate as follows:

(a) If the Trustee gives written notice to the Company that it desires to resign under this Agreement, the Company shall use its reasonable efforts to locate a successor trustee, pending which the Trustee shall continue to act in accordance with this Agreement. At such time that the Company notifies the Trustee that a successor trustee has been appointed and has agreed to become subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Trustee shall transfer the management of the Trust Account to the successor trustee, including but not limited to the transfer of copies of the reports and statements relating to the Trust Account, whereupon this Agreement shall terminate; provided, however, that in the event that the Company does not locate a successor trustee within ninety (90) days of receipt of the resignation notice from the Trustee, the Trustee may submit an application to have the Property deposited with any court in the State of New York or with the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and upon such deposit, the Trustee shall be immune from any liability whatsoever; or

(b) At such time that the Trustee has completed the liquidation of the Trust Account and its obligations in accordance with the provisions of Section 1(i) hereof and distributed the Property in accordance with the provisions of the Termination Letter, this Agreement shall terminate except with respect to Section 2(b); or

(c) If the Offering is not consummated within ten (10) business days of the date of this Agreement, in which case any funds received by the Trustee from the Company or Blue Jay Investment LLC for purposes of funding the Trust Account shall be promptly returned to the Company or Blue Jay Investment LLC, as applicable.

6. Miscellaneous.

(a) The Company and the Trustee each acknowledge that the Trustee will follow the security procedures set forth below with respect to funds transferred from the Trust Account. The Company and the Trustee will each restrict access to confidential information relating to such security procedures to authorized persons. Each party must notify the other party immediately if it has reason to believe unauthorized persons may have obtained access to such confidential information, or of any change in its authorized personnel. In executing funds transfers, the Trustee shall rely upon all information supplied to it by the Company, including, account names, account numbers, and all other identifying information relating to a Beneficiary, Beneficiarys bank or intermediary bank. Except for any liability arising out of the Trustees gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct, the Trustee shall not be liable for any loss, liability or expense resulting from any error in the information or transmission of the funds.

(b) This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. It may be executed in several original or facsimile counterparts, each one of which shall constitute an original, and together shall constitute but one instrument.

(c) This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. Except for Sections 1(i), 1(j) and 1(k) hereof (which sections may not be modified, amended or deleted without the affirmative vote of sixty five percent (65%) of the then outstanding Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 per share; provided that no such amendment will affect any Public Shareholder who has otherwise indicated his, her or its election to redeem his, her or its Ordinary Shares in connection with a shareholder vote sought to amend this Agreement), this Agreement or any provision hereof may only be changed, amended or modified (other than to correct a typographical error) by a writing signed by each of the parties hereto; provided further that no such change, amendment or modification may be made without the prior written consent of the Representative.

(d) The parties hereto consent to the jurisdiction and venue of any state or federal court located in the City of New York, State of New York, for purposes of resolving any disputes hereunder. AS TO ANY CLAIM, CROSS-CLAIM OR COUNTERCLAIM IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, EACH PARTY WAIVES THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY.

(e) Any notice, consent or request to be given in connection with any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be sent by express mail or similar private courier service, by certified mail (return receipt requested), by hand delivery, by electronic mail or by facsimile transmission:

5

if to the Trustee, to:

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

One State Street, 30th Floor

New York, NY 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf and Celeste Gonzalez

Email:
fwolf@continentalstock.com

cgonzalez@continentalstock.com

if to the Company, to:

Quartzsea Acquisition Corporation

1185 6th Ave., Suite 304

New York, NY 10036

Attn: Qi Gong, Chief Executive Officer

Email: qgong@quartzsea.com

in each case, with copies to:

Celine & Partners LLP

1185 6th Ave., Suite 304

New York, NY 10036

Attn: Cassi Olson, Esq.

Email: colson@chencounsel.com

and

SPAC Advisory Partners LLC

5900 Balcones Drive, Suite 100

Austin, TX 78731

Attn: Yuya Orime

Email: yuya@spac-advisory.com

and

Holland & Knight LLP

811 Main Street, Suite 2500

Houston, Texas 77002

Attn: James R. Brown

Email: james.brown@hklaw.com

(f) This Agreement may not be assigned by the Trustee without the prior consent of the Company.

(g) Each of the Trustee and the Company hereby represents that it has the full right and power and has been duly authorized to enter into this Agreement and to perform its respective obligations as contemplated hereunder. The Trustee acknowledges and agrees that it shall not make any claims or proceed against the Trust Account, including by way of set-off, and shall not be entitled to any funds in the Trust Account under any circumstance.

(h) This Agreement is the joint product of the Company and the Trustee and each provision hereof has been subject to the mutual consultation, negotiation and agreement of such parties and shall not be construed for or against any party hereto.

(i) This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of a signed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or electronic transmission shall constitute valid and sufficient delivery thereof.

6

(j) Each of the Company and the Trustee hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Representative, on behalf of the Underwriters, is a third party beneficiary of this Agreement.

(k) Except as specified herein, no party to this Agreement may assign its rights or delegate its obligations hereunder to any other person or entity.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed this Investment Management Trust Agreement as of the date first written above.

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as Trustee

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

QUARTZSEA ACQUISITION CORPORATION

By: /s/
Qi Gong

Name: Qi Gong

Title: Chief Executive Officer

7

SCHEDULE A

Fee Item Time and method of payment Amount

Initial acceptance fee Initial closing of Offering by wire transfer 3,500.00

Trustee administration fee Payable annually. First year payable at initial closing of Offering by wire transfer; thereafter on the anniversary of the effective date of the Offering by wire transfer or check 10,000.00

Transaction processing fee for disbursements to Company Deduction by Trustee from accumulated income following disbursement made to Company under Section 2 250.00

Paying Agent services as required pursuant to section 1(i) Billed to Company upon delivery of service pursuant to section 1(i) Prevailing rates

Sch. A-1

EXHIBIT A

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

One State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf & Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust Account - Termination Letter

Dear Mr. Wolf and Ms. Gonzalez:

Pursuant to paragraph 1(i) of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Quartzsea Acquisition Corporation (Company) and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (Trustee), dated as of [*] (the Trust Agreement), this is to advise you that the Company has entered into an agreement with [___________] (Target Business) to consummate a business combination with Target Business (Business Combination) on or about [insert date]. The Company shall notify you at least (72) hours in advance of the actual date of the consummation of the Business Combination (Consummation Date). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement, we hereby authorize you to liquidate the Trust Account investments and to transfer the proceeds to the above-referenced account at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., to the effect that, on the Consummation Date, all of funds held in the Trust Account will be immediately available for transfer to the account or accounts that the Company shall direct on the Consummation Date. It is acknowledged and agreed that while the funds are on deposit in the trust account awaiting distribution, the Company will not earn any interest or dividends.

On the Consummation Date (i) counsel for the Company shall deliver to you written notification that the Business Combination has been consummated, and (ii) the Company shall deliver to you an affidavit of the Chief Executive Officer, which verifies the vote of the Companys Shareholders in connection with the Business Combination if a vote is held and (b) joint written instructions from the Company and EF Hutton with respect to the transfer of the funds held in the Trust Account (the Instruction Letter). You are hereby directed and authorized to transfer the funds held in the Trust Account immediately upon your receipt of the counsels letter and the Instruction Letter, in accordance with the terms of the Instruction Letter. In the event that certain deposits held in the Trust Account may not be liquidated by the Consummation Date without penalty, you will notify the Company of the same and the Company shall direct you as to whether such funds should remain in the Trust Account and distributed after the Consummation Date to the Company. Upon the distribution of all the funds in the Trust Account pursuant to the terms hereof, the Trust Agreement shall be terminated.

In the event that the Business Combination is not consummated on the Consummation Date described in the notice thereof and we have not notified you on or before the original Consummation Date of a new Consummation Date, then upon receipt by the Trustee of written instructions from the Company, the funds held in the Trust Account shall be reinvested as provided in the Trust Agreement on the business day immediately following the Consummation Date as set forth in the notice.

A-1

Very truly yours,

QUARTZSEA ACQUISITION CORPORATION

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Acknowledged and Agreed: 

SPAC Advisory Partners LLC 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

A-2

EXHIBIT B

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

One State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf & Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust Account - Termination Letter

Dear Mr. Wolf and Ms. Gonzalez:

Pursuant to paragraph 1(i) of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Quartzsea Acquisition Corporation (the Company) and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of [*] (the Trust Agreement), this is to advise you that the Company has been unable to effect a Business Combination with a Target Company within the time frame specified in the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as described in the Companys prospectus relating to its Offering. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement, we hereby authorize you to liquidate all the assets in the Trust Account and to transfer the total proceeds to the Trust Operating Account at JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA to await distribution to the Public Shareholders, less taxes payable and up to $50,000 to cover dissolution expenses of the Company. In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement, you are hereby directed and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such $_____ promptly upon your receipt of this letter to the Companys operating account at:

[WIRE INSTRUCTION INFORMATION]

The Company has selected [___, 20] as the effective date for the purpose of determining when the Public Shareholders will be entitled to receive their share of the liquidation proceeds. You agree to be the Paying Agent of record and in your separate capacity as Paying Agent, to distribute said funds directly to the Public Shareholders in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company. Upon the distribution of all the funds in the Trust Account, your obligations under the Trust Agreement shall be terminated.

Very truly yours,

QUARTZSEA ACQUISITION CORPORATION

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

B-1

EXHIBIT C

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

One State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf & Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust Account - Tax Payment Instruction

Dear Mr. Wolf and Ms. Gonzalez:

Pursuant to paragraph 1(j) of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Quartzsea Acquisition Corporation (Company) and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, (Trustee), dated as of [*] (Trust Agreement). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

The Company hereby requests that you deliver to the Company [$] of the interest income earned on the Property as of the date hereof. In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement, you are hereby directed and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such funds promptly upon your receipt of this letter to the Companys operating account at:

[WIRE INSTRUCTION INFORMATION]

QUARTZSEA ACQUISITION CORPORATION

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

cc: SPAC Advisory Partners LLC

C-1

EXHIBIT D

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

One State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf & Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust Account Shareholder Redemption Withdrawal Instruction

Dear Mr. Wolf and Ms. Gonzalez:

Reference is made to that certain Investment Management Trust Agreement between Quartzsea Acquisition Corporation (Company) and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, dated as of [*] (Trust Agreement). Capitalized words used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Trust Agreement.

The Company hereby requests that you deliver to the redeeming Public Shareholders of the Company $[] of the principal and interest income earned on the Property as of the date hereof into a segregated account held by you on behalf of the beneficiaries for distribution to the shareholders who have requested redemption of their Ordinary Shares. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

The Company needs such funds to pay its Public Shareholders who have properly elected to have their Ordinary Shares redeemed by the Company in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the provisions of the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of As sociation (i) that would affect the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to redeem 100% of its public Ordinary Shares if the Company does not complete its initial Business Combination within the required time period or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity. As such, you are hereby directed and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such funds promptly upon your receipt of this letter.

QUARTZSEA ACQUISITION CORPORATION

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

cc: SPAC Advisory Partners LLC

D-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>quartzsea_ex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of March 18, 2025, is made and entered into by and among Quartzsea Acquisition Corporation, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), Blue Jay Investment LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor), SPAC Advisory Partners (the Representative, and the Sponsor, the Representative, together with any other parties listed on the signature pages hereto and any person or entity who hereafter becomes a party to this Agreement pursuant to Section 5.2 of this Agreement, being referred to herein as a Holder and collectively as the Holders).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Sponsor and certain other Holders (if any) collectively own an aggregate of 2,898,000 Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 per share (the Founder Shares), of the Company, issued prior to the date hereof in a private placement and pursuant to certain transfers;

WHEREAS, up to an aggregate of 378,000 Founder Shares are subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor if the over-allotment option in connection with the Companys initial public offering is not exercised in full;

WHEREAS, the Company and the Holders desire to enter into this Agreement, pursuant to which the Company shall grant the Holders certain registration rights with respect to certain securities of the Company, as set forth in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the representations, covenants and agreements contained herein, and certain other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions. The terms defined in this Article I shall, for all purposes of this Agreement, have the respective meanings set forth below:

Adverse Disclosure shall mean any public disclosure of material non-public information, which disclosure, in the good faith judgment of the Chief Executive Officer or any principal financial officer of the Company, after consultation with counsel to the Company, (i) would be required to be made in any Registration Statement or Prospectus in order for the applicable Registration Statement or Prospectus not to contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein (in the case of any prospectus and any preliminary prospectus, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, (ii) would not be required to be made at such time if the Registration Statement were not being filed and (iii) the Company has a bona fide business purpose for not making such information public.

Agreement shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Board shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.

Business Combination shall mean any merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses, involving the Company.

Commission shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Company shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Demand Registration shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as it may be amended from time to time.

Form S-1 shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Form S-3 shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.3.

Founder Shares shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Founder Shares Lock-up Period shall mean, with respect to the Founder Shares (including the Ordinary Shares issued or issuable upon conversion of any Founder Shares), the period ending on the earlier of (A) 180 days following the completion of the Companys initial Business Combination or (B) the date on which the Company consummates a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the Companys shareholders having the right to exchange their Ordinary Shares for cash, securities or other property.

Holders shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Insider Letter shall mean that certain letter agreement, dated as of March 17, 2025, by and among the Company, the Sponsor, and each of the Companys officers, directors and director nominees.

Maximum Number of Securities shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.4.

Misstatement shall mean an untrue statement of a material fact or an omission to state a material fact required to be stated in a Registration Statement or Prospectus or necessary to make the statements in a Registration Statement or Prospectus (in the case of a Prospectus, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading.

Ordinary Shares shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Permitted Transferees shall mean any person or entity to whom a Holder of Registrable Securities is permitted to transfer such Registrable Securities prior to the expiration of the Founder Shares Lock-up Period or Private Placement Lock-up Period, as the case may be, under the Insider Letter and any other applicable agreement between such Holder and the Company and to any transferee thereafter.

Piggyback Registration shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.2.1.

Private Placement Lock-up Period shall mean, with respect to Private Units that are held by the initial purchasers of such Private Units or their Permitted Transferees, Private Shares and any of the Ordinary Shares issued or issuable upon the exercise or conversion of the Private Rights and that are held by the initial purchasers of the Private Rights or their Permitted Transferees, the period ending 30 days after the completion of the Companys initial Business Combination.

Private Shares shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Private Units shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Prospectus shall mean the prospectus included in any Registration Statement, as supplemented by any and all prospectus supplements and as amended by any and all post-effective amendments and including all material incorporated by reference in such prospectus.

Registrable Security shall mean (a) the Founder Shares (including the Ordinary Shares issued or issuable upon conversion of any Founder Shares), (b) the Private Units (including any Ordinary Shares issued or issuable upon the exercise of any such Private Rights), (c) any outstanding Ordinary Shares or any other equity security (including the Ordinary Shares issued or issuable upon the exercise of any other equity security) of the Company held by a Holder as of the date of this Agreement, (d) any equity securities (including the Ordinary Shares issued or issuable upon the exercise of any such equity security) of the Company issuable upon conversion of any working capital loans in an amount up to $500,000 made to the Company by a Holder, and (e) any other equity security of the Company issued or issuable with respect to any such Ordinary Share by way of a share capitalization or share subdivision or in connection with a combination of shares, recapitalization, merger, consolidation or reorganization; provided, however, that, as to any particular Registrable Security, such securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities when: (A) a Registration Statement with respect to the sale of such securities shall have become effective under the Securities Act and such securities shall have been sold, transferred, disposed of or exchanged in accordance with such Registration Statement; (B) such securities shall have been otherwise transferred, new certificates for such securities not bearing a legend restricting further transfer shall have been delivered by the Company and subsequent public distribution of such securities shall not require registration under the Securities Act; (C) such securities shall have ceased to be outstanding; (D) such securities may be sold without registration pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission) (but with no volume or other restrictions or limitations); or (E) such securities have been sold to, or through, a broker, dealer or underwriter in a public distribution or other public securities transaction.

2

Registration shall mean a registration effected by preparing and filing a registration statement or similar document in compliance with the requirements of the Securities Act, and the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and such registration statement becoming effective.

Registration Expenses shall mean the out-of-pocket expenses of a Registration, including, without limitation, the following:

(A) all registration and filing fees (including fees with respect to filings required to be made with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.) and any securities exchange on which the Ordinary Shares are then listed;

(B) fees and expenses of compliance with securities or blue sky laws (including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters in connection with blue sky qualifications of Registrable Securities);

(C) printing, messenger, telephone and delivery expenses;

(D) reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company;

(E) reasonable fees and disbursements of all independent registered public accountants of the Company incurred specifically in connection with such Registration; and

(F) reasonable fees and expenses of one legal counsel selected by the holders of a majority-in-interest of the Registrable Securities to be registered for offer and sale in the applicable Registration.

Registration Statement shall mean any registration statement that covers the Registrable Securities pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, including the Prospectus included in such registration statement, amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to such registration statement, and all exhibits to and all material incorporated by reference in such registration statement.

Requesting Holder shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Representative shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Securities Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time.

Sponsor shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Underwriter shall mean a securities dealer who purchases any Registrable Securities as principal in an Underwritten Offering and not as part of such dealers market-making activities.

Underwritten Registration or Underwritten Offering shall mean a Registration in which securities of the Company are sold to an Underwriter in a firm commitment underwriting for distribution to the public.

3

ARTICLE II

REGISTRATIONS

2.1 Demand Registration.

2.1.1
Request for Registration. Subject to the provisions of subsection 2.1.4 and Section 2.4 hereof, at any time and from time to time
on or after the date the Company consummates the initial Business Combination, the Holders may make a written demand for Registration
of all or part of their Registrable Securities, which written demand shall describe the amount and type of securities to be included
in such Registration and the intended method(s) of distribution thereof (such written demand a Demand Registration).
The Company shall, within twenty (20) days of the Companys receipt of the Demand Registration, notify, in writing, all other Holders
of Registrable Securities of such demand, and each Holder of Registrable Securities who thereafter wishes to include all or a portion
of such Holders Registrable Securities in a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration (each such Holder that includes all
or a portion of such Holders Registrable Securities in such Registration, a Requesting Holder) shall
so notify the Company, in writing, within five (5) days after the receipt by the Holder of the notice from the Company. Upon receipt
by the Company of any such written notification from a Requesting Holder(s) to the Company, such Requesting Holder(s) shall be entitled
to have their Registrable Securities included in a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration and the Company shall (i) file a Registration
Statement in respect of all Registrable Securities requested by the Sponsor and Requesting Holder(s) pursuant such Demand Registration,
not more than forty five (45) days immediately after the Companys receipt of the Demand Registration, and (ii) shall effect the
registration thereof as soon as practicable thereafter. Under no circumstances shall the Company be obligated to effect more than an
aggregate of three (3) Registrations pursuant to a Demand Registration under this subsection 2.1.1 with respect to any or all Registrable
Securities; provided, however, that a Registration shall not be counted for such purposes unless a Form S-1 or any similar long-form
registration statement that may be available at such time (Form S-1) has become effective and all of the
Registrable Securities requested by the Requesting Holders to be registered on behalf of the Requesting Holders in such Form S-1 Registration
have been sold, in accordance with Section 3.1 of this Agreement.

2.1.2 Effective Registration. Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection 2.1.1 above or any other part of this Agreement, a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration shall not count as a Registration unless and until (i) the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect to a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration has been declared effective by the Commission and (ii) the Company has complied with all of its obligations under this Agreement with respect thereto; provided, further, that if, after such Registration Statement has been declared effective, an offering of Registrable Securities in a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration is subsequently interfered with by any stop order or injunction of the Commission, federal or state court or any other governmental agency the Registration Statement with respect to such Registration shall be deemed not to have been declared effective, unless and until, (i) such stop order or injunction is removed, rescinded or otherwise terminated, and (ii) the Sponsor thereafter affirmatively elects to continue with such Registration and accordingly notify the Company in writing, but in no event later than five (5) days, of such election; provided, further, that the Company shall not be obligated or required to file another Registration Statement until the Registration Statement that has been previously filed with respect to a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration becomes effective or is subsequently terminated.

2.1.3 Underwritten
Offering. Subject to the provisions of subsection 2.1.4 and Section 2.4 hereof, if
the Sponsor so advises the Company as part of its Demand Registration that the offering of the Registrable Securities pursuant to
such Demand Registration shall be in the form of an Underwritten Offering, then the right of the Sponsor or Requesting Holder (if
any) to include its Registrable Securities in such Registration shall be conditioned upon such Holders participation in such
Underwritten Offering and the inclusion of such Holders Registrable Securities in such Underwritten Offering to the extent
provided herein. All such Holders proposing to distribute their Registrable Securities through an Underwritten Offering under this subsection 2.1.3
shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the Underwriter(s) selected for such Underwritten Offering by the
Sponsor.

4

2.1.4 Reduction of Underwritten Offering. If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration, in good faith, advises the Company, the Sponsor and the Requesting Holders (if any) in writing that the dollar amount or number of Registrable Securities that the Sponsor and the Requesting Holders (if any) desire to sell, taken together with all other Ordinary Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell and the Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which a Registration has been requested pursuant to separate written contractual piggy-back registration rights held by any other shareholders who desire to sell, exceeds the maximum dollar amount or maximum number of equity securities that can be sold in the Underwritten Offering without adversely affecting the proposed offering price, the timing, the distribution method, or the probability of success of such offering (such maximum dollar amount or maximum number of such securities, as applicable, the Maximum Number of Securities), then the Company shall include in such Underwritten Offering, as follows: (i) first, the Registrable Securities of the Sponsor and the Requesting Holders (if any) (pro rata based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each Sponsor and Requesting Holder (if any) has requested be included in such Underwritten Registration and the aggregate number of Registrable Securities that the Sponsor and Requesting Holders have requested be included in such Underwritten Registration) that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (ii) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (i), the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and (iii) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities of other persons or entities that the Company is obligated to register in a Registration pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with such persons and that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities.

2.1.5 Demand Registration Withdrawal. The Sponsor or a majority-in-interest of the Requesting Holders (if any), pursuant to a Registration under subsection 2.1.1 shall have the right to withdraw from a Registration pursuant to such Demand Registration for any or no reason whatsoever upon written notification to the Company and the Underwriter or Underwriters (if any) of their intention to withdraw from such Registration prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect to the Registration of their Registrable Securities pursuant to such Demand Registration. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company shall be responsible for the Registration Expenses incurred in connection with a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration prior to its withdrawal under this subsection 2.1.5.

2.2 Piggyback Registration.

2.2.1 Piggyback Rights. If, at any time on or after the date the Company consummates a Business Combination, the Company proposes to file a Registration Statement under the Securities Act with respect to an offering of equity securities, or securities or other obligations exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into equity securities, for its own account or for the account of shareholders of the Company (or by the Company and by the shareholders of the Company including, without limitation, pursuant to Section 2.1 hereof), other than a Registration Statement (i) filed in connection with any employee share option or other benefit plan, (ii) for an exchange offer or offering of securities solely to the Companys existing shareholders, (iii) for an offering of debt that is convertible into equity securities of the Company or (iv) for a dividend reinvestment plan, then the Company shall give written notice of such proposed filing to all of the Holders of Registrable Securities as soon as practicable but not less than ten (10) days before the anticipated filing date of such Registration Statement, which notice shall (A) describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such offering, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing Underwriter or Underwriters, if any, in such offering, and (B) offer to all of the Holders of Registrable Securities the opportunity to register the sale of such number of Registrable Securities as such Holders may request in writing within five (5) days after receipt of such written notice (such Registration a Piggyback Registration). The Company shall, in good faith, cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such Piggyback Registration and shall use its best efforts to cause the managing Underwriter or Underwriters of a proposed Underwritten Offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested by the Holders pursuant to this subsection 2.2.1 to be included in a Piggyback Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company included in such Registration and to permit the sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. All such Holders proposing to distribute their Registrable Securities through an Underwritten Offering under this subsection 2.2.1 shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the Underwriter(s) selected for such Underwritten Offering by the Company.

5

2.2.2 Reduction of Piggyback Registration. If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten Registration that is to be a Piggyback Registration, in good faith, advises the Company and the Holders of Registrable Securities participating in the Piggyback Registration in writing that the dollar amount or number of the Ordinary Shares that the Company desires to sell, taken together with (i) the Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which Registration has been demanded pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with persons or entities other than the Holders of Registrable Securities hereunder (ii) the Registrable Securities as to which registration has been requested pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof, and (iii) the Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which Registration has been requested pursuant to separate written contractual piggy-back registration rights of other shareholders of the Company, exceeds the Maximum Number of Securities, then:

(a) If the Registration is undertaken for the Companys account, the Company shall include in any such Registration (A) first, the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (B) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (A), the Registrable Securities of Holders exercising their rights to register their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1 hereof, pro rata, based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each Holder has so requested, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and (C) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), the Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which Registration has been requested pursuant to written contractual piggy-back registration rights of other shareholders of the Company, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and

(b) If the Registration is pursuant to a request by persons or entities other than the Holders of Registrable Securities, then the Company shall include in any such Registration (A) first, the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities, if any, of such requesting persons or entities, other than the Holders of Registrable Securities, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (B) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (A), the Registrable Securities of Holders exercising their rights to register their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1, pro rata, based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each Holder has requested be included in such Underwritten Registration and the aggregate number of Registrable Securities that the Holders have requested to be included in such Underwritten Registration, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (C) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and (D) fourth, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A), (B) and (C), the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities for the account of other persons or entities that the Company is obligated to register pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with such persons or entities, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities.

2.2.3 Piggyback Registration Withdrawal. Any Holder of Registrable Securities shall have the right to withdraw from a Piggyback Registration for any or no reason whatsoever upon written notification to the Company and the Underwriter or Underwriters (if any) of his, her or its intention to withdraw from such Piggyback Registration prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect to such Piggyback Registration. The Company (whether on its own good faith determination or as the result of a request for withdrawal by persons pursuant to separate written contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement filed with the Commission in connection with a Piggyback Registration at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company shall be responsible for the Registration Expenses incurred in connection with the Piggyback Registration prior to its withdrawal under this subsection 2.2.3.

2.2.4 Unlimited Piggyback Registration Rights. For purposes of clarity, any Registration effected pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof shall not be counted as a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration effected under Section 2.1 hereof.

6

2.3 Registrations on Form S-3. The Holders of Registrable Securities may at any time, and from time to time, request in writing that the Company, pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission), register the resale of any or all of their Registrable Securities on Form S-3 or any similar short-form registration statement that may be available at such time (Form S-3); provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to effect such request through an Underwritten Offering. Within five (5) days of the Companys receipt of a written request from a Holder or Holders of Registrable Securities for a Registration on Form S-3, the Company shall promptly give written notice of the proposed Registration on Form S-3 to all other Holders of Registrable Securities, and each Holder of Registrable Securities who thereafter wishes to include all or a portion of such Holders Registrable Securities in such Registration on Form S-3 shall so notify the Company, in writing, within twenty (20) days after the receipt by the Holder of the notice from the Company. As soon as practicable thereafter, but not more than thirty (30) days after the Companys initial receipt of such written request for a Registration on Form S-3, the Company shall register all or such portion of such Holders Registrable Securities as are specified in such written request, together with all or such portion of Registrable Securities of any other Holder or Holders joining in such request as are specified in the written notification given by such Holder or Holders; provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to effect any such Registration pursuant to Section 2.3 hereof if (i) a Form S-3 is not available for such offering; or (ii) the Holders of Registrable Securities, together with the Holders of any other equity securities of the Company entitled to inclusion in such Registration, propose to sell the Registrable Securities and such other equity securities (if any) at any aggregate price to the public of less than $1,000,000.

2.4 Restrictions on Registration Rights. If (A) during the period starting with the date sixty (60) days prior to the Companys good faith estimate of the date of the filing of, and ending on a date one hundred and twenty (120) days after the effective date of, a Company initiated Registration and provided that the Company has delivered written notice to the Holders prior to receipt of a Demand Registration pursuant to subsection 2.1.1 and it continues to actively employ, in good faith, all reasonable efforts to cause the applicable Registration Statement to become effective; (B) the Holders have requested an Underwritten Registration and the Company and the Holders are unable to obtain the commitment of underwriters to firmly underwrite the offer; or (C) in the good faith judgment of the Board such Registration would be seriously detrimental to the Company and the Board concludes as a result that it is essential to defer the filing of such Registration Statement at such time, then in each case the Company shall furnish to such Holders a certificate signed by the Chairman of the Board stating that in the good faith judgment of the Board it would be seriously detrimental to the Company for such Registration Statement to be filed in the near future and that it is therefore essential to defer the filing of such Registration Statement. In such event, the Company shall have the right to defer such filing for a period of not more than thirty (30) days; provided, however, that the Company shall not defer its obligation in this manner more than once in any 12-month period. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, no Registration shall be effected or permitted and no Registration Statement shall become effective, with respect to any Registrable Securities held by any Holder, until after the expiration of the Founder Shares Lock-up Period or the Private Placement Lock-up Period, as the case may be.

ARTICLE III

COMPANY PROCEDURES

3.1 General Procedures. If at any time on or after the date the Company consummates a Business Combination the Company is required to effect the Registration of Registrable Securities, the Company shall use its best efforts to effect such Registration to permit the sale of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended plan of distribution thereof, and pursuant thereto the Company shall, as expeditiously as possible:

3.1.1 prepare and file with the Commission as soon as practicable a Registration Statement with respect to such Registrable Securities and use its reasonable best efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become effective and remain effective until all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement have been sold;

3.1.2 prepare and file with the Commission such amendments and post-effective amendments to the Registration Statement, and such supplements to the Prospectus, as may be reasonably requested by the majority-in-interest of the Holders with Registrable Securities registered on such Registration Statement or any Underwriter of Registrable Securities or as may be required by the rules, regulations or instructions applicable to the registration form used by the Company or by the Securities Act or rules and regulations thereunder to keep the Registration Statement effective until all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement are sold in accordance with the intended plan of distribution set forth in such Registration Statement or supplement to the Prospectus;

7

3.1.3 prior to filing a Registration Statement or Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, furnish without charge to the Underwriters, if any, and the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration, and such Holders legal counsel, copies of such Registration Statement as proposed to be filed, each amendment and supplement to such Registration Statement (in each case including all exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein), the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement (including each preliminary Prospectus), and such other documents as the Underwriters and the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration or the legal counsel for any such Holders may request in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by such Holders;

3.1.4 prior to any public offering of Registrable Securities, use its best efforts to (i) register or qualify the Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement under such securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement (in light of their intended plan of distribution) may request and (ii) take such action necessary to cause such Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement to be registered with or approved by such other governmental authorities as may be necessary by virtue of the business and operations of the Company and do any and all other acts and things that may be necessary or advisable to enable the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement to consummate the disposition of such Registrable Securities in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify or take any action to which it would be subject to general service of process or taxation in any such jurisdiction where it is not then otherwise so subject;

3.1.5 cause all such Registrable Securities to be listed on each securities exchange or automated quotation system on which similar securities issued by the Company are then listed;

3.1.6 provide a transfer agent, as applicable, and registrar for all such Registrable Securities no later than the effective date of such Registration Statement;

3.1.7 advise each seller of such Registrable Securities, promptly after it shall receive notice or obtain knowledge thereof, of the issuance of any stop order by the Commission suspending the effectiveness of such Registration Statement or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose and promptly use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or to obtain its withdrawal if such stop order should be issued;

3.1.8 at least five (5) days prior to the filing of any Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement or Prospectus furnish a copy thereof to each seller of such Registrable Securities or its counsel;

3.1.9 notify the Holders at any time when a Prospectus relating to such Registration Statement is required to be delivered under the Securities Act, of the happening of any event as a result of which the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes a Misstatement, and then to correct such Misstatement as set forth in Section 3.4 hereof;

3.1.10 permit a representative of the Holders, the Underwriters, if any, and any attorney or accountant retained by such Holders or Underwriter to participate, at each such persons own expense, in the preparation of the Registration Statement, and cause the Companys officers, directors and employees to supply all information reasonably requested by any such representative, Underwriter, attorney or accountant in connection with the Registration; provided, however, that such representatives or Underwriters enter into a confidentiality agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Company, prior to the release or disclosure of any such information;

3.1.11 obtain a cold comfort letter from the Companys independent registered public accountants in the event of an Underwritten Registration, in customary form and covering such matters of the type customarily covered by cold comfort letters as the managing Underwriter may reasonably request, and reasonably satisfactory to a majority-in-interest of the participating Holders;

8

3.1.12 on the date the Registrable Securities are delivered for sale pursuant to such Registration, obtain an opinion, dated such date, of counsel representing the Company for the purposes of such Registration, addressed to the Holders, the placement agent or sales agent, if any, and the Underwriters, if any, covering such legal matters with respect to the Registration in respect of which such opinion is being given as the Holders, placement agent, sales agent, or Underwriter may reasonably request and as are customarily included in such opinions and negative assurance letters, and reasonably satisfactory to a majority in interest of the participating Holders;

3.1.13 in the event of any Underwritten Offering, enter into and perform its obligations under an underwriting agreement, in usual and customary form, with the managing Underwriter of such offering;

3.1.14 make available to its security holders, as soon as reasonably practicable, an earnings statement covering the period of at least twelve (12) months beginning with the first day of the Companys first full calendar quarter after the effective date of the Registration Statement which satisfies the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 thereunder (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission); and

3.1.15 otherwise, in good faith, cooperate reasonably with, and take such customary actions as may reasonably be requested by the Holders, in connection with such Registration.

3.2 Registration Expenses. The Registration Expenses of all Registrations shall be borne by the Company. It is acknowledged by the Holders that the Holders shall bear all incremental selling expenses relating to the sale of Registrable Securities, such as Underwriters commissions and discounts, brokerage fees, Underwriter marketing costs and, other than as set forth in the definition of Registration Expenses, all reasonable fees and expenses of any legal counsel representing the Holders.

3.3 Requirements for Participation in Underwritten Offerings. No person may participate in any Underwritten Offering for equity securities of the Company pursuant to a Registration initiated by the Company hereunder unless such person (i) agrees to sell such persons securities on the basis provided in any underwriting arrangements approved by the Company and (ii) completes and executes all customary questionnaires, powers of attorney, indemnities, lock-up agreements, underwriting agreements and other customary documents as may be reasonably required under the terms of such underwriting arrangements.

3.4 Suspension of Sales; Adverse Disclosure. Upon receipt of written notice from the Company that a Registration Statement or Prospectus contains a Misstatement, each of the Holders shall forthwith discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities until he, she or it has received copies of a supplemented or amended Prospectus correcting the Misstatement (it being understood that the Company hereby covenants to prepare and file such supplement or amendment as soon as practicable after the time of such notice), or until he, she or it is advised in writing by the Company that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed. If the filing, initial effectiveness or continued use of a Registration Statement in respect of any Registration at any time would require the Company to make an Adverse Disclosure or would require the inclusion in such Registration Statement of financial statements that are unavailable to the Company for reasons beyond the Companys control, the Company may, upon giving prompt written notice of such action to the Holders, delay the filing or initial effectiveness of, or suspend use of, such Registration Statement for the shortest period of time, but in no event more than thirty (30) days, determined in good faith by the Company to be necessary for such purpose. In the event the Company exercises its rights under the preceding sentence, the Holders agree to suspend, immediately upon their receipt of the notice referred to above, their use of the Prospectus relating to any Registration in connection with any sale or offer to sell Registrable Securities. The Company shall immediately notify the Holders of the expiration of any period during which it exercised its rights under this Section 3.4.

3.5 Reporting Obligations. As long as any Holder shall own Registrable Securities, the Company, at all times while it shall be a reporting company under the Exchange Act, covenants to file timely (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and to promptly furnish the Holders with true and complete copies of all such filings. The Company further covenants that it shall take such further action as any Holder may reasonably request, all to the extent required from time to time to enable such Holder to sell Ordinary Shares held by such Holder without registration under the Securities Act within the limitation of the exemptions provided by Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission), including providing any legal opinions. Upon the request of any Holder, the Company shall deliver to such Holder a written certification of a duly authorized officer as to whether it has complied with such requirements.

9

3.6
Requirements for Participation in Underwritten Offerings and Limitations on Registration Rights. No person may participate in
any Underwritten Offering for equity securities of the Company pursuant to a registration initiated by the Company hereunder unless such
person (i) agrees to sell such persons securities on the basis provided in any underwriting arrangements approved by the Company
and (ii) completes and executes all customary questionnaires, powers of attorney, indemnities, lock-up agreements, underwriting agreements
and other customary documents as may be reasonably required under the terms of such underwriting arrangements.

ARTICLE IV

INDEMNIFICATION AND CONTRIBUTION

4.1 Indemnification.

4.1.1 The Company agrees to indemnify, to the extent permitted by law, each Holder of Registrable Securities, its officers and directors and agents and each person who controls such Holder (within the meaning of the Securities Act) against all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses (including attorneys fees) caused by any untrue or alleged untrue statement of material fact contained in any Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto or any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, except insofar as the same are caused by or contained in any information furnished in writing to the Company by such Holder expressly for use therein. The Company shall indemnify the Underwriters, their officers and directors and each person who controls such Underwriters (within the meaning of the Securities Act) to the same extent as provided in the foregoing with respect to the indemnification of the Holder.

4.1.2 In connection with any Registration Statement in which a Holder of Registrable Securities is participating, such Holder shall furnish to the Company in writing such information and affidavits as the Company reasonably requests for use in connection with any such Registration Statement or Prospectus and, to the extent permitted by law, shall indemnify the Company, its directors and officers and agents and each person who controls the Company (within the meaning of the Securities Act) against any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorneys fees) resulting from any untrue statement of material fact contained in the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto or any omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, but only to the extent that such untrue statement or omission is contained in any information or affidavit so furnished in writing by such Holder expressly for use therein; provided, however, that the obligation to indemnify shall be several, not joint and several, among such Holders of Registrable Securities, and the liability of each such Holder of Registrable Securities shall be in proportion to and limited to the net proceeds received by such Holder from the sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement. The Holders of Registrable Securities shall indemnify the Underwriters, their officers, directors and each person who controls such Underwriters (within the meaning of the Securities Act) to the same extent as provided in the foregoing with respect to indemnification of the Company.

4.1.3 Any person entitled to indemnification herein shall (i) give prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of any claim with respect to which it seeks indemnification (provided that the failure to give prompt notice shall not impair any persons right to indemnification hereunder to the extent such failure has not materially prejudiced the indemnifying party) and (ii) unless in such indemnified partys reasonable judgment a conflict of interest between such indemnified and indemnifying parties may exist with respect to such claim, permit such indemnifying party to assume the defense of such claim with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party. If such defense is assumed, the indemnifying party shall not be subject to any liability for any settlement made by the indemnified party without its consent (but such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld). An indemnifying party who is not entitled to, or elects not to, assume the defense of a claim shall not be obligated to pay the fees and expenses of more than one counsel for all parties indemnified by such indemnifying party with respect to such claim, unless in the reasonable judgment of any indemnified party a conflict of interest may exist between such indemnified party and any other of such indemnified parties with respect to such claim. No indemnifying party shall, without the consent of the indemnified party, consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement which cannot be settled in all respects by the payment of money (and such money is so paid by the indemnifying party pursuant to the terms of such settlement) or which settlement does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such indemnified party of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation.

10

4.1.4 The indemnification provided for under this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the indemnified party or any officer, director or controlling person of such indemnified party and shall survive the transfer of securities. The Company and each Holder of Registrable Securities participating in an offering also agrees to make such provisions as are reasonably requested by any indemnified party for contribution to such party in the event the Companys or such Holders indemnification is unavailable for any reason.

4.1.5 If the indemnification provided under Section 4.1 hereof from the indemnifying party is unavailable or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses referred to herein, then the indemnifying party, in lieu of indemnifying the indemnified party, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by the indemnified party as a result of such losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the indemnifying party and the indemnified party, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the indemnifying party and indemnified party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact, was made by, or relates to information supplied by, such indemnifying party or indemnified party, and the indemnifying partys and indemnified partys relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action; provided, however, that the liability of any Holder under this subsection 4.1.5 shall be limited to the amount of the net proceeds received by such Holder in such offering giving rise to such liability. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of the losses or other liabilities referred to above shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in subsections 4.1.1, 4.1.2 and 4.1.3 above, any legal or other fees, charges or expenses reasonably incurred by such party in connection with any investigation or proceeding. The parties hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this subsection 4.1.5 were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation, which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in this subsection 4.1.5. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution pursuant to this subsection 4.1.5 from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

ARTICLE V

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Notices. Any notice or communication under this Agreement must be in writing and given by (i) deposit in the United States mail, addressed to the party to be notified, postage prepaid and registered or certified with return receipt requested, (ii) delivery in person or by courier service providing evidence of delivery, or (iii) transmission by hand delivery, electronic mail, telecopy, telegram or facsimile. Each notice or communication that is mailed, delivered, or transmitted in the manner described above shall be deemed sufficiently given, served, sent, and received, in the case of mailed notices, on the third business day following the date on which it is mailed and, in the case of notices delivered by courier service, hand delivery, electronic mail, telecopy, telegram or facsimile, at such time as it is delivered to the addressee (with the delivery receipt or the affidavit of messenger) or at such time as delivery is refused by the addressee upon presentation. Any notice or communication under this Agreement must be addressed, if to the Company, to: 1185 6th Avenue, Suite 304, New York, NY 10036, Attention: Qi Gong, with copy to: Celine & Partners PLLC, 1185 6th Avenue, Suite 304, New York, NY 10036, Attention: Cassi Olson, Esq., and, if to any Holder, at such Holders address or facsimile number as set forth in the Companys books and records. Any party may change its address for notice at any time and from time to time by written notice to the other parties hereto, and such change of address shall become effective thirty (30) days after delivery of such notice as provided in this Section 5.1.

5.2 Assignment; No Third Party Beneficiaries.

5.2.1 This Agreement and the rights, duties and obligations of the Company hereunder may not be assigned or delegated by the Company in whole or in part.

11

5.2.2 Prior to the expiration of the Founder Shares Lock-up Period or the Private Placement Lock-up Period, as the case may be, no Holder may assign or delegate such Holders rights, duties or obligations under this Agreement, in whole or in part, except in connection with a transfer of Registrable Securities by such Holder to a Permitted Transferee, but only if such Permitted Transferee agrees to become bound by the transfer restrictions set forth in this Agreement and other applicable agreements.

5.2.3 This Agreement and the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of each of the parties and its successors and the permitted assigns of the Holders, which shall include Permitted Transferees.

5.2.4 This Agreement shall not confer any rights or benefits on any persons that are not parties hereto, other than as expressly set forth in this Agreement and Section 5.2 hereof.

5.2.5 No assignment by any party hereto of such partys rights, duties and obligations hereunder shall be binding upon or obligate the Company unless and until the Company shall have received (i) written notice of such assignment as provided in Section 5.1 hereof and (ii) the written agreement of the assignee, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to be bound by the terms and provisions of this Agreement (which may be accomplished by an addendum or certificate of joinder to this Agreement). Any transfer or assignment made other than as provided in this Section 5.2 shall be null and void.

5.3 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts (including facsimile or PDF counterparts), each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which together shall constitute the same instrument, but only one of which need be produced.

5.4 Governing Law; Venue. NOTWITHSTANDING THE PLACE WHERE THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE EXECUTED BY ANY OF THE PARTIES HERETO, THE PARTIES EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT (I) THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK AS APPLIED TO AGREEMENTS AMONG NEW YORK RESIDENTS ENTERED INTO AND TO BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN NEW YORK AND (II) THE VENUE FOR ANY ACTION TAKEN WITH RESPECT TO THE AGREEMENT SHALL BE ANY STATE OR FEDERAL COURT IN NEW YORK COUNTY IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

EACH PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND, THEREFORE, EACH SUCH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT TO ANY ACTION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT.

5.5 Amendments and Modifications. Upon the written consent of the Company and the Holders of at least a majority in interest of the Registrable Securities at the time in question, compliance with any of the provisions, covenants and conditions set forth in this Agreement may be waived, or any of such provisions, covenants or conditions may be amended or modified; provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, any amendment hereto or waiver hereof that adversely affects one Holder, solely in his, her or its capacity as a holder of the shares of the Company, in a manner that is materially different from the other Holders (in such capacity) shall require the consent of the Holder so affected. No course of dealing between any Holder or the Company and any other party hereto or any failure or delay on the part of a Holder or the Company in exercising any rights or remedies under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of any rights or remedies of any Holder or the Company. No single or partial exercise of any rights or remedies under this Agreement by a party shall operate as a waiver or preclude the exercise of any other rights or remedies hereunder or thereunder by such party.

12

5.6 Other Registration Rights. The Company represents and warrants that no person, other than a Holder of Registrable Securities, has any right to require the Company to register any securities of the Company for sale or to include such securities of the Company in any Registration filed by the Company for the sale of securities for its own account or for the account of any other person. Further, the Company represents and warrants that this Agreement supersedes any other registration rights agreement or agreement with similar terms and conditions and in the event of a conflict between any such agreement or agreements and this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail.

5.7 Term. This Agreement shall terminate upon the earlier of (i) the tenth anniversary of the date of this Agreement or (ii) the date as of which (A) all of the Registrable Securities have been sold pursuant to a Registration Statement (but in no event prior to the applicable period referred to in Section 4(a)(3) of the Securities Act and Rule 174 thereunder (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission)) or (B) the Holders of all Registrable Securities are permitted to sell the Registrable Securities without registration pursuant to Rule 144 (or any similar provision) under the Securities Act without limitation on the amount of securities sold or the manner of sale. The provisions of Section 3.5 and Article IV shall survive any termination.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

13

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Registration Rights Agreement to be executed and delivered by their duly authorized representatives as of the date first written above.

QUARTZSEA ACQUISITION CORPORATION

By: /s/
Qi Gong

Name: Qi Gong

Title: Chief Executive Officer

HOLDERS:

Blue Jay Investment LLC

/s/ Qi Gong

Name: Qi Gong

Title: Chief Executive Officer

REPRESENTATIVE:

SPAC Advisory Partners

/s/ Lewis Silberman

Name: Lewis Silberman

Title: Partner

14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>quartzsea_ex10-4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.4
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

INDEMNITY AGREEMENT

THIS INDEMNITY AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made as of March 14, 2025, by and between Quartzsea Acquisition Corporation, a Cayman Islands exempted corporation (the Company), and [ ] (Indemnitee).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve publicly held corporations as directors, officers or in other capacities unless they are provided with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their service to and activities on behalf of such corporations;

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) has determined that, in order to attract and retain qualified individuals, the Company will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company and its Subsidiaries (as defined below) from certain liabilities;

[WHEREAS, The Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of association (the Charter) of the Company require indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company. Indemnitee may also be entitled to indemnification pursuant to applicable provisions of the Cayman Islands law. The Charter expressly provide that the indemnification provisions set forth therein are not exclusive, and thereby contemplate that contracts may be entered into between the Company and members of the board of directors, officers and other persons with respect to indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, advancement and reimbursement rights;]

WHEREAS, the uncertainties relating to such insurance and to indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such persons;

WHEREAS, the Board has determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the best interests of the Companys shareholders and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future;

WHEREAS, it is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, hold harmless, exonerate and to advance expenses on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that they will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not be so protected against liabilities;

WHEREAS, this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Charter of the Company and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; and

WHEREAS, Indemnitee may not be willing to serve as an officer or director without adequate protection, and the Company desires Indemnitee to serve in such capacity. Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and to take on additional service for or on behalf of the Company on the condition that he or she be so indemnified.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants contained herein, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree as follows:

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

1. SERVICES TO THE COMPANY. In consideration of the Companys covenants and obligations hereunder, Indemnitee will serve or continue to serve as an officer, director, advisor, key employee or any other capacity of the Company, as applicable, for so long as Indemnitee is duly elected or appointed or retained or until Indemnitee tenders his or her resignation or until Indemnitee is removed or dies. The foregoing notwithstanding, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect after Indemnitee has ceased to serve as a director, officer, advisor, key employee or in any other capacity of the Company, as provided in Section 17. This Agreement, however, shall not impose any obligation on Indemnitee or the Company to continue Indemnitees service to the Company beyond any period otherwise required by law or by other agreements or commitments of the parties, if any.

2. DEFINITIONS. As used in this Agreement:

(a) References to agent shall mean any person who is or was a director, officer or employee of the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company or other person authorized by the Company to act for the Company, to include such person serving in such capacity as a director, officer, employee, fiduciary or other official of another corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise at the request of, for the convenience of, or to represent the interests of the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company.

(b) The terms Beneficial Owner and Beneficial Ownership shall have the meanings set forth in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below) as in effect on the date hereof.

(c) Cayman Court shall mean the courts of the Cayman Islands.

(d) A Change in Control shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the following events:

(i) Acquisition of share by Third Party. Other than Blue Jay Investment LLC (the Sponsor) or an affiliate thereof, any Person (as defined below) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifteen percent (15%) or more of the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, unless (1) the change in the relative Beneficial Ownership of the Companys securities by any Person results solely from a reduction in the aggregate number of outstanding shares of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, or (2) such acquisition was approved in advance by the Continuing Directors (as defined below) and such acquisition would not constitute a Change in Control under part (iii) of this definition;

(ii) Change in Board of Directors. Individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board, and any new director whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Companys shareholders was approved by a vote of at least two thirds of the directors then still in office who were directors on the date hereof or whose election for nomination for election was previously so approved (collectively, the Continuing Directors), cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board;

(iii) Corporate Transactions. The effective date of a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization or other similar business combination involving the Company and one or more businesses or entities (a Business Combination), in each case, unless, following such Business Combination: (1) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the Beneficial Owners of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 51% of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a corporation which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Companys assets either directly or through one or more Subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership immediately prior to such Business Combination, of the securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; (2) other than the Sponsor or an affiliate thereof, no Person (excluding any corporation resulting from such Business Combination) is the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of 15% or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of the surviving corporation except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination; and (3) at least a majority of the Board of Directors of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination were Continuing Directors at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board of Directors, providing for such Business Combination;

2

(iv) Liquidation. The approval by the shareholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement or series of agreements for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys assets, other than factoring the Companys current receivables or escrows due (or, if such approval is not required, the decision by the Board to proceed with such a liquidation, sale, or disposition in one transaction or a series of related transactions); or

(v) Other Events. There occurs any other event of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A (or a response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below), whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement.

(e) Companies Law shall mean the Companies Law (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, as amended from time to time.

(f) Corporate Status describes the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of the Company or of any other Enterprise (as defined below) which such person is or was serving at the request of the Company.

(g) Disinterested Director shall mean a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding (as defined below) in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee.

(h) Enterprise shall mean the Company and any other corporation, constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its wholly owned Subsidiaries) is a party, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent.

(i) Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(j) Expenses shall include all direct and indirect costs, fees and expenses of any type or nature whatsoever, including, without limitation, all reasonable attorneys fees and costs, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, fees of private investigators and professional advisors, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, fax transmission charges, secretarial services and all other disbursements, obligations or expenses in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a witness in, settlement or appeal of, or otherwise participating in, a Proceeding (as defined below), including reasonable compensation for time spent by the Indemnitee for which he or she is not otherwise compensated by the Company or any third party. Expenses also shall include Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding (as defined below), including without limitation the principal, premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedeas bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee.

(k) References to fines shall include any excise tax assessed on Indemnitee with respect to any employee benefit plan

(l) Independent Counsel shall mean a law firm or a member of a law firm with significant experience in matters of corporate law and that neither presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party (other than with respect to matters concerning the Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements); or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding (as defined below) giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitees rights under this Agreement.

3

(m) The term Person shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act as in effect on the date hereof; provided, however, that Person shall exclude: (i) the Company; (ii) any Subsidiaries (as defined below) of the Company; (iii) any employment benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of any corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of share of the Company; and (iv) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of a corporation owned directly or indirectly by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of share of the Company.

(n) The term Proceeding shall include any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether of a civil (including intentional or unintentional tort claims), criminal, administrative or investigative or related nature, in which Indemnitee was, is, will or might be involved as a party or a participant (as a witness or otherwise), by reason of his or her Corporate Status or by reason of any action (or failure to act) taken by him or of any action (or failure to act) on his part while acting as a director or officer of the Company, in each case whether or not serving in such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement, or advancement of expenses can be provided under this Agreement.

(o) The term Subsidiary, with respect to any Person, shall mean any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other entity of which a majority of the voting power of the voting equity securities or equity interest is owned, directly or indirectly, by that Person.

3. INDEMNITY IN THIRD-PARTY PROCEEDINGS. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, the Company shall indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any Proceeding, other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor. Pursuant to this Section 3, Indemnitee shall be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on his or her behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company and, in the case of a criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful.

4. INDEMNITY IN PROCEEDINGS BY OR IN THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, the Company shall indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 4 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor. Pursuant to this Section 4, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her or on his or her behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. No indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration for Expenses shall be made under this Section 4 in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudged by a court to be liable to the Company, unless and only to the extent that any court in which the Proceeding was brought or the Cayman Court shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all of the circumstances of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification, to be held harmless or to exoneration.

4

5. INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A PARTY WHO IS WHOLLY OR PARTLY SUCCESSFUL. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement except for Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee was or is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a party to or a participant (as witness, deponent or otherwise) in and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or in part, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her or on his or her behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding, the Company also shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses reasonably incurred in connection with a claim, issue or matter related to any claim, issue, or matter on which Indemnitee was successful. For purposes of this Section and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter.

6. INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A WITNESS. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement except for Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee is a participant (as a witness or otherwise) in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party, he or she shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her or on his or her behalf in connection therewith.

7. ADDITIONAL INDEMNIFICATION, HOLD HARMLESS AND EXONERATION RIGHTS.

(a) Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4, or 5, except for Section 27, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee if Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor) against all Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding. No indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights shall be available under this Section 7(a) on account of Indemnitees conduct which constitutes a breach of Indemnitees duty of loyalty to the Company or its shareholders, or is an act or omission not in good faith, or which involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of the law.

(b) Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4, 5 or 7(a), except for Section 27, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee if Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor) against all Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding.

8. CONTRIBUTION IN THE EVENT OF JOINT LIABILITY.

(a) To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification, hold harmless and/or exoneration rights provided for in this Agreement are unavailable to Indemnitee in whole or in part for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying, holding harmless or exonerating Indemnitee, shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with any Proceeding without requiring Indemnitee to contribute to such payment, and the Company hereby waives and relinquishes any right of contribution it may have at any time against Indemnitee.

(b) The Company shall not enter into any settlement of any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding) unless such settlement provides for a full and final release of all claims asserted against Indemnitee.

(c) The Company hereby agrees to fully indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee from any claims for contribution which may be brought by officers, directors or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who may be jointly liable with Indemnitee.

5

9. EXCLUSIONS. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement except for Section 27, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payment in connection with any claim made against Indemnitee:

(a) for which payment has actually been received by or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount actually received under any insurance policy, contract, agreement, other indemnity provision or otherwise;

(b) for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law; or

(c) except as otherwise provided in Sections 14(e)-(f) hereof, prior to a Change in Control, in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Board authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation or (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payment, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law.

10. ADVANCES OF EXPENSES; DEFENSE OF CLAIM.

(a) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary except for Section 27, and to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law, the Company shall pay the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee (or reasonably expected by Indemnitee to be incurred by Indemnitee within three months) in connection with any Proceeding within ten (10) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements requesting such advances from time to time, prior to the final disposition of any Proceeding. Advances shall be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall be made without regard to Indemnitees ability to repay the Expenses and without regard to Indemnitees ultimate entitlement to be indemnified, held harmless or exonerated under the other provisions of this Agreement. Advances shall include any and all reasonable Expenses incurred pursuing a Proceeding to enforce this right of advancement, including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements to the Company to support the advances claimed. To the fullest extent required by applicable law, such payments of Expenses in advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding shall be made only upon the Companys receipt of an undertaking, by or on behalf of the Indemnitee, to repay the advance to the extent that it is ultimately determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company under the provisions of this Agreement, the Charter, applicable law or otherwise. This Section 10(a) shall not apply to any claim made by Indemnitee for which an indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payment is excluded pursuant to Section 9.

(b) The Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding at its own expense.

(c) The Company shall not settle any action, claim or Proceeding (in whole or in part) which would impose any Expense, judgment, fine, penalty or limitation that is not entitled to be indemnified under this Agreement on the Indemnitee without the Indemnitees prior written consent.

11. PROCEDURE FOR NOTIFICATION AND APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION.

(a) Indemnitee agrees to promptly notify the Company in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights, or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The failure of Indemnitee to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of any obligation which it may have to the Indemnitee under this Agreement, or otherwise.

6

(b) Indemnitee may deliver to the Company a written application to indemnify, hold harmless or exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with this Agreement. Such application(s) may be delivered from time to time and at such time(s) as Indemnitee deems appropriate in his or her sole discretion. Following such a written application for indemnification by Indemnitee, the Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be determined according to Section 12(a) of this Agreement.

12. PROCEDURE UPON APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION.

(a) A determination, if required by applicable law, with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be made in the specific case by one of the following methods, which shall be at the election of Indemnitee: (i) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, (ii) by a committee of such directors designated by majority vote of such directors, (iii) if there are no Disinterested Directors or if such directors so direct, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee, or (iv) by vote of the shareholders. The Company promptly will advise Indemnitee in writing with respect to any determination that Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description of any reason or basis for which indemnification has been denied. If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination. Indemnitee shall reasonably cooperate with the person, persons or entity making such determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any costs or Expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby agrees to indemnify and to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom.

(b) In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 12(a) hereof, the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 12(b). The Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board), and Indemnitee shall give written notice to the Company advising it of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. If the Independent Counsel is selected by the Board, the Company shall give written notice to Indemnitee advising him or her of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. In either event, Indemnitee or the Company, as the case may be, may, within ten (10) days after such written notice of selection shall have been received, deliver to the Company or to Indemnitee, as the case may be, a written objection to such selection; provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If such written objection is so made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court of competent jurisdiction has determined that such objection is without merit. If, within twenty (20) days after submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 11(b) hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected and not objected to, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Cayman Court for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the others selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected by the Cayman Court, and the person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section (a) hereof. Upon the due commencement of any judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to Section 14(a) of this Agreement, Independent Counsel shall be discharged and relieved of any further responsibility in such capacity (subject to the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing).

(c) The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel and to fully indemnify and hold harmless such Independent Counsel against any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto.

7

13. PRESUMPTIONS AND EFFECT OF CERTAIN PROCEEDINGS.

(a) In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person, persons or entity making such determination shall presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification in accordance with Section 11(b) of this Agreement, and the Company shall have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption in connection with the making by any person, persons or entity of any determination contrary to that presumption. Neither the failure of the Company (including by its directors or Independent Counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the Company (including by its directors or Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct.

(b) If the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under Section 12 of this Agreement to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a determination within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification shall be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a final judicial determination that any or all such indemnification is expressly prohibited under applicable law; provided, however, that such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional fifteen (15) days, if the person, persons or entity making the determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith require(s) such additional time for the obtaining or evaluating of documentation and/or information relating thereto.

(c) The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself, favor or undermine the determination of, the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did or did not act in good faith and in a manner which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful.

(d) For purposes of any determination of good faith, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitees action is based on the records or books of account of the Enterprise, including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the directors, officers or managers of the Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member, or on information or records given or reports made to the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member, by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected by the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member. The provisions of this Section 13(d) shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the other circumstances in which the Indemnitee may be deemed or found to have or have not met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in this Agreement.

(e) The knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any other director, officer, trustee, partner, managing member, fiduciary, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement.

8

14. REMEDIES OF INDEMNITEE.

(a) In the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 12 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, is not timely made pursuant to Section 10 of this Agreement, (iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification shall have been made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement within the timeline set forth in this Agreement, (iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Section 5, 6, 7 or the last sentence of Section 12(a) of this Agreement within the timeline set forth in this Agreement, (v) a contribution payment is not made in a timely manner pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement, (vi) payment of indemnification pursuant to Section 3 or 4 of this Agreement is not made within the timeline set forth in this Agreement, or (vii) payment to Indemnitee pursuant to any hold harmless or exoneration rights under this Agreement or otherwise is not made within the timeline set forth in this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication by the Cayman Court to such indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, contribution or advancement rights. Alternatively, Indemnitee, at his or her option, may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. Except as set forth herein, the provisions of New York law (without regard to its conflict of laws rules) shall apply to any such arbitration. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication or award in arbitration.

(b) In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination.

(c) In any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, Indemnitee shall be presumed to be entitled to be indemnified, held harmless, exonerated to receive advancement of Expenses under this Agreement and the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified, held harmless, exonerated and to receive advancement of Expenses, as the case may be, and the Company may not refer to or introduce into evidence any determination pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement adverse to Indemnitee for any purpose. If Indemnitee commences a judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to this Section 14, Indemnitee shall not be required to reimburse the Company for any advances pursuant to Section 10 until a final determination is made with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification (as to which all rights of appeal have been exhausted or lapsed).

(d) If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law.

(e) The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement.

(f) The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company against all Expenses and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall (within ten (10) days after the Companys receipt of such written request) pay to Indemnitee, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, such Expenses which are incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any judicial proceeding or arbitration brought by Indemnitee: (i) to enforce his or her rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement or any other indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, advancement or contribution agreement or provision of the Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association now or hereafter in effect; or (ii) for recovery or advances under any insurance policy maintained by any person for the benefit of Indemnitee, regardless of the outcome and whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration right, advancement, contribution or insurance recovery, as the case may be (unless such judicial proceeding or arbitration was not brought by Indemnitee in good faith).

(g) Interest shall be paid by the Company to Indemnitee at the legal rate under New York law for amounts which the Company indemnifies, holds harmless or exonerates, or advances, or is obliged to indemnify, hold harmless or exonerate or advance for the period commencing with the date on which Indemnitee requests indemnification, to be held harmless, exonerated, contribution, reimbursement or advancement of any Expenses and ending with the date on which such payment is made to Indemnitee by the Company.

9

15. SECURITY. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, to the extent requested by the Indemnitee and approved by the Board, the Company may at any time and from time to time provide security to the Indemnitee for the Companys obligations hereunder through an irrevocable bank line of credit, funded trust or other collateral. Any such security, once provided to the Indemnitee, may not be revoked or released without the prior written consent of the Indemnitee.

16. NON-EXCLUSIVITY; SURVIVAL OF RIGHTS; INSURANCE; SUBROGATION; PRIORITY OF OBLIGATIONS.

(a) The rights of Indemnitee as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Charter, any agreement, a vote of shareholders or a resolution of directors, or otherwise. No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of any Proceeding (regardless of when such Proceeding is first threatened, commenced or completed) or claim, issue or matter therein arising out of, or related to, any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in his Corporate Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in applicable law, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights or advancement of Expenses than would be afforded currently under the Charter or this Agreement, then this Agreement (without any further action by the parties hereto) shall automatically be deemed to be amended to require that the Company indemnifies the Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy.

(b) The Companies Law and the Charter permit the Company to purchase and maintain insurance or furnish similar protection or make other arrangements including, but not limited to, providing a trust fund, letter of credit, or surety bond (Indemnification Arrangements) on behalf of Indemnitee against any liability asserted against him or her or incurred by or on behalf of him or her or in such capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, or arising out of his or her status as such, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify him or her against such liability under the provisions of this Agreement or under the Companies Law, as it may then be in effect. The purchase, establishment, and maintenance of any such Indemnification Arrangement shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or of the Indemnitee under this Agreement except as expressly provided herein, and the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and the Indemnitee shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or the other party or parties thereto under any such Indemnification Arrangement.

(c) To the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers, trustees, partners, managers, managing members, fiduciaries, employees, or agents of the Company or of any other Enterprise which such person serves at the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent under such policy or policies. If, at the time the Company receives notice from any source of a Proceeding as to which Indemnitee is a party or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise), the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect, the Company shall give prompt notice of such Proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of the Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies.

(d) In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights. No such payment by the Company shall be deemed to relieve any insurer of its obligations.

10

(e) The Companys obligation to indemnify, hold harmless, exonerate or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, partner, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payments or advancement of expenses from such Enterprise. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary except for Section 27, (i) the Indemnitee shall have no obligation to reduce, offset, allocate, pursue or apportion any indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, advancement, contribution or insurance coverage among multiple parties possessing such duties to Indemnitee prior to the Companys satisfaction and performance of all its obligations under this Agreement, and (ii) the Company shall perform fully its obligations under this Agreement without regard to whether Indemnitee holds, may pursue or has pursued any indemnification, advancement, hold harmless, exoneration, contribution or insurance coverage rights against any person or entity other than the Company.

(f) Notwithstanding anything contained herein, the Company is the primary indemnitor, and any indemnification or advancement obligation of the Sponsor, its affiliates or any other Person is secondary.

17. DURATION OF AGREEMENT. All agreements and obligations of the Company contained herein shall continue during the period Indemnitee serves as a director or officer of the Company or as a director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other Enterprise which Indemnitee serves at the request of the Company and shall continue thereafter so long as Indemnitee shall be subject to any possible Proceeding (including any rights of appeal thereto and any Proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14 of this Agreement) by reason of his Corporate Status, whether or not he is acting in any such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification or advancement can be provided under this Agreement.

18. SEVERABILITY. If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law; (b) such provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (c) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby.

19. ENFORCEMENT AND BINDING EFFECT.

(a) The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in order to induce Indemnitee to serve as a director, officer or key employee of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving as a director, officer or key employee of the Company.

(b) Without limiting any of the rights of Indemnitee under the Charter as they may be amended from time to time, this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof.

(c) The indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration and advancement of expenses rights provided by or granted pursuant to this Agreement shall be binding upon and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company), shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise at the Companys request, and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and his or her spouse, assigns, heirs, devisees, executors and administrators and other legal representatives.

11

(d) The Company shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all, substantially all or a substantial part, of the business and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place.

(e) The Company and Indemnitee agree herein that a monetary remedy for breach of this Agreement, at some later date, may be inadequate, impracticable and difficult of proof, and further agree that such breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree that Indemnitee may enforce this Agreement by seeking, among other things, injunctive relief and/or specific performance hereof, without any necessity of showing actual damage or irreparable harm and that by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance, Indemnitee shall not be precluded from seeking or obtaining any other relief to which he or she may be entitled. The Company and Indemnitee further agree that Indemnitee shall be entitled to such specific performance and injunctive relief, including temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, without the necessity of posting bonds or other undertakings in connection therewith. The Company acknowledges that in the absence of a waiver, a bond or undertaking may be required of Indemnitee by an appropriate court of the Cayman Islands, or in any other court of competent jurisdiction, and the Company hereby waives any such requirement of such a bond or undertaking.

20. MODIFICATION AND WAIVER. No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions of this Agreement nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

21. NOTICES. All notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (i) if delivered by hand and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed, or (ii) if mailed by certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third (3rd) business day after the date on which it is so mailed:

(a) If to Indemnitee, at the address indicated on the signature page of this Agreement, or such other address as Indemnitee shall provide in writing to the Company.

(b) If to the Company, to:

Quartzsea Acquisition Corporation

1185 Avenue of the Americas, Suite 304

New York, NY 10036

Attn: Qi Gong, Chief Executive Officer

or to any other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee in writing by the Company.

22. APPLICABLE LAW AND CONSENT TO JURISDICTION. This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. Except with respect to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14(a) of this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, the Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: (a) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Cayman Court and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country; (b) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Cayman Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement; (c) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in the Cayman Court; and (d) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Cayman Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum, or is subject (in whole or in part) to a jury trial. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, the parties hereby agree that the mailing of process and other papers in connection with any such action or proceeding in the manner provided by Section 21 or in such other manner as may be permitted by applicable law and the Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, shall be valid and sufficient service thereof.

12

23. IDENTICAL COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Only one such counterpart signed by the party against whom enforceability is sought needs to be produced to evidence the existence of this Agreement.

24. MISCELLANEOUS. Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof.

25. PERIOD OF LIMITATIONS. No legal action shall be brought and no cause of action shall be asserted by or in the right of the Company against Indemnitee, Indemnitees spouse, heirs, executors or personal or legal representatives after the expiration of two years from the date of accrual of such cause of action, and any claim or cause of action of the Company shall be extinguished and deemed released unless asserted by the timely filing of a legal action within such two-year period; provided, however, that if any shorter period of limitations is otherwise applicable to any such cause of action such shorter period shall govern.

26. ADDITIONAL ACTS. If, for the validation of any of the provisions in this Agreement any act, resolution, approval or other procedure is required, the Company undertakes to cause such act, resolution, approval or other procedure to be affected or adopted in a manner that will enable the Company to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement.

27. WAIVER OF CLAIMS TO TRUST ACCOUNT. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Indemnitee hereby agrees that he or she does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (each, a Claim) in or to any monies in the trust account established in connection with the Companys initial public offering for the benefit of the Company and holders of shares issued in such offering, and hereby waives any Claim he or she may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to the Company and will not seek recourse against such trust account for any reason whatsoever. For purposes of clarity, Indemnitee acknowledges and agrees that no monies held in the Trust Account may be used to indemnify Indemnitee for any purpose whatsoever.

28. MAINTENANCE OF INSURANCE. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and maintain in effect during the entire period for which the Company is obligated to indemnify the Indemnitee under this Agreement, one or more policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies to provide the officers/directors of the Company with coverage for losses from wrongful acts and omissions and to ensure the Companys performance of its indemnification obligations under this Agreement. The Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director or officer under such policy or policies. In all such insurance policies, the Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide the Indemnitee with the same rights and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably insured of the Companys directors and officers.

(Signatures follow)

13

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Indemnity Agreement to be signed as of the day and year first above written.

QUARTZSEA ACQUISITION CORPORATION

By: 

Name: Qi Gong 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

INDEMNITEE 

14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>quartzsea_ex10-5.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.5
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.5

November/5/2024

Blue Jay Investment LLC

1185 Avenue of the Americas, Suite 337

New York, NY 10036

RE: Securities Subscription Agreement

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This agreement (the Agreement) is entered into on November 5, 2024, by and between Blue Jay Investment LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company (the Subscriber or you), and Quartzsea Acquisition Corporation, a Cayman Islands exempted Company (the Company, we or us). Pursuant to the terms hereof, the Company hereby accepts the offer the Subscriber
has made to purchase 1,725,000 ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value per share, up to 225,000 of which are subject to forfeiture by you if the underwriters of the initial public
offering (the IPO) of the Companys units (the Units), each Unit consisting of one ordinary share and one right, do not fully exercise
their over-allotment option (the Over-allotment Option) (herein referred to as the Shares). The Company and the Subscribers agreements regarding such Shares are as follows:

1. Purchase of Securities.

1.1. Purchase of Shares. For the sum of $25,000.00 (the Purchase Price), which the Company acknowledges receiving in cash, the Company hereby issues the
Shares to the Subscriber, and the Subscriber hereby purchases the Shares from the
Company, subject to forfeiture, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth
in this Agreement. Concurrently with the Subscribers execution of this Agreement, the Company shall, at its option, deliver to the Subscriber
a certificate registered in the Subscribers name representing the shares (the Original Certificate), or effect such delivery in book-entry form.

2. Representations, Warranties, and Agreements.

2.1. Subscribers Representations, Warranties, and Agreements. To induce the Company to issue the Shares to the Subscriber, the Subscriber hereby
represents and warrants to the Company and agrees with the Company as follows:

2.1.1. No Government Recommendation or Approval. The Subscriber understands that no federal or state agency has passed upon or made
any recommendation or endorsement of the offering of the Shares.

2.1.2. No Conflicts. The execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement as well as the consummation
by the Subscriber of the transactions contemplated hereby do not violate, conflict
with, or constitute a default under: (i) the formation and governing documents of
the Subscriber; (ii) any agreement, indenture, or instrument to which the Subscriber
is a party; or, (iii) any law, statute, rule, or regulation to which the Subscriber is subject, or any agreement,
order, judgment, or decree to which the Subscriber is subject.

2.1.3. Organization and Authority. The Subscriber is a Delaware Limited Liability Company, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of Delaware and possesses all requisite power and authority
necessary to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Upon execution
and delivery by you, this Agreement is a legal, valid, and binding agreement of Subscriber,
enforceable against Subscriber in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability
may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, or similar
laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity (regardless of whether
enforcement is sought in a proceeding at law or in equity).

2.1.4. Experience, Financial Capability, and Suitability. Subscriber is: (i) sophisticated in financial matters and is able to evaluate the
risks and benefits of the investment in the Shares and (ii) able to bear the economic
risk of its investment in the Shares for an indefinite period of time because the
Shares have not been registered under the Securities Act (as defined below) and therefore
cannot be sold unless subsequently registered under the Securities Act or an exemption
from such registration is available. The subscriber is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its investment in the Company and
has the capacity to protect its own interests. Subscriber must bear the economic risk
of this investment until the Shares are sold pursuant to: (i) an effective registration
statement under the Securities Act or (ii) an exemption from registration available
with respect to such sale. The subscriber is able to bear the economic risks of an investment in the Shares and to afford a
complete loss of Subscribers investment in the Shares.

2.1.5. Access to Information; Independent Investigation. Prior to the execution of this Agreement, the Subscriber has had the opportunity
to ask questions of and receive answers from representatives of the Company concerning
an investment in the Company, as well as the finances, operations, business, and prospects
of the Company, and the opportunity to obtain additional information to verify the
accuracy of all information so obtained. In determining whether to make this investment,
Subscriber has relied solely on Subscribers own knowledge and understanding of the Company and its business based upon Subscribers own due diligence investigation and the information furnished pursuant to this paragraph.
Subscriber understands that no person has been authorized to give any information
or to make any representations which were not furnished pursuant to this Section 2 and Subscriber has not relied on any other representations or information in making
its investment decision, whether written or oral, relating to the Company, its operations,
and/or its prospects.

2.1.6. Regulation D Offering. Subscriber represents that it is an accredited investor as such term is defined
in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) and acknowledges the sale contemplated hereby is being made in reliance on a private
placement exemption to accredited investors within the meaning of Section 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities Act or similar exemptions under state law.

2.1.7. Investment Purposes. The Subscriber is purchasing the Shares solely for investment purposes, for the Subscribers own account and not for the account or benefit of any other person, and not with a view towards the distribution or dissemination thereof. The Subscriber
did not decide to enter into this Agreement as a result of any general solicitation
or general advertising within the meaning of Rule 502 under the Securities Act.

2

2.1.8. Restrictions on Transfer; Shell Company. Subscriber understands the Shares are being offered in a transaction not involving
a public offering within the meaning of the Securities Act. Subscriber understands
the Shares will be restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, and Subscriber understands that the certificates
or book-entries representing the Shares will contain a legend in respect of such restrictions.
If in the future the Subscriber decides to offer, resell, pledge, or otherwise transfer
the Shares, such Shares may be offered, resold, pledged, or otherwise transferred
only pursuant to: (i) registration under the Securities Act, or (ii) an available
exemption from registration. Subscriber agrees that if any transfer of its Shares
or any interest therein is proposed to be made, as a condition precedent to any such
transfer, Subscriber may be required to deliver to the Company an opinion of counsel
satisfactory to the Company. Absent registration or an exemption, the Subscriber agrees
not to resell the Shares. Subscriber further acknowledges that because the Company
is a shell company, Rule 144 may not be available to the Subscriber for the resale of the Shares until one year
following consummation of the initial business combination of the Company, despite
technical compliance with the requirements of Rule 144 and the release or waiver of any contractual transfer restrictions.

2.1.9. No Governmental Consents. No governmental, administrative or other third-party consents or approvals are required,
necessary or appropriate on the part of Subscriber in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

2.2. Companys Representations, Warranties, and Agreements. To induce the Subscriber to purchase the Shares, the Company hereby represents and
warrants to the Subscriber and agrees with the Subscriber as follows:

2.2.1. Organization and Corporate Power. The Company is a Cayman corporation and is qualified to do business in every jurisdiction
in which the failure to so qualify would reasonably be expected to have a material
adverse effect on the financial condition, operating results, or assets of the Company.
The Company possesses all requisite corporate power and authority necessary to carry
out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

2.2.2. No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation by
the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby do not violate, conflict with,
or constitute a default under (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Company, (ii) any agreement, indenture, or instrument to which the Company
is a party or (iii) any law, statute, rule, or regulation to which the Company is
subject, or any agreement, order, judgment, or decree to which the Company is subject.

2.2.3. Title to Securities. Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof, the
Shares will be duly and validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable. Upon issuance
in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof, the Subscriber will
have or receive good title to the Shares, free and clear of all liens, claims, and
encumbrances of any kind, other than (a) transfer restrictions hereunder and other
agreements to which the Shares may be subject which have been notified to the Subscriber in writing, (b) transfer restrictions
under federal and state securities laws, and (c) liens, claims, or encumbrances imposed
due to the actions of the Subscriber.

3

2.2.4. No Adverse Actions. There are no actions, suits, investigations or proceedings pending, threatened against
or affecting the Company which: (i) seek to restrain, enjoin, prevent the consummation
of, or otherwise affect the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or (ii) question
the validity or legality of any transactions or seeks to recover damages or to obtain
other relief in connection with any transactions.

3. Forfeiture of ordinary share.

3.1. Partial or No Exercise of the Over-allotment Option. In the event that the Over-allotment Option granted to the underwriters of the anticipated
IPO is not exercised or is only partially exercised, the Subscriber acknowledges and
agrees that it (or, if applicable, it and any transferees of Shares) shall forfeit
any and all rights to that percent of ordinary shares that shall be inversely proportionate
to the amount of the over-allotment exercised by the underwriter (subject to a maximum
forfeiture of 225,000 ordinary shares and which shall not include any ordinary share purchased by Subscriber
in the IPO or in the aftermarket the Forfeiture Maximum). Accordingly, the ordinary share that shall not be forfeited by the Subscriber
shall be determined to be in the amount that is the product of (x) that number that
is the quotient of (a) that amount of ordinary shares purchased by the underwriter
in connection with its exercise of its over-allotment option divided by (b) the maximum
amount of 225,000 ordinary shares available to the underwriter in the form of an over-allotment option,
and (y) the forfeiture maximum. The Subscriber (and all other initial stockholders
prior to the IPO, if any) will own an aggregate number of that amount not to be less
than 1,500,000 ordinary shares equal to 25% of the issued and outstanding shares of publicly offered
ordinary share in the anticipated IPO (and if the over-allotment option is exercised
by the underwriter such greater amount as provided for in this clause).

3.2. Termination of Rights as a Stockholder. If any of the ordinary share are forfeited in accordance with this Section 3, then the Subscriber (or successor in interest), shall no longer have any rights
as a holder of such forfeited ordinary share, and the Company shall take such action
as is appropriate to cancel such forfeited ordinary share. The ordinary share will
not be cancelled as a result of the underwriters exercise of its over-allotment option.

3.3. Share Certificates. In the event an adjustment to the Original Certificates, if any, is required pursuant
to this Section 3, then the Subscriber shall return such Original Certificates to the Company or its
designated agent as soon as practicable upon its receipt of notice from the Company
advising Subscriber of such adjustment, following which a new certificate (the New Certificate), if any, shall be issued in such amount representing the adjusted number of Shares
held by the Subscriber. The New Certificate, if any, shall be returned to the Subscriber
as soon as practicable. Any such adjustment for any uncertificated securities held
by the Subscriber shall be made in book-entry form.

4

4. Waiver of Liquidation Distributions; Redemption Rights. In connection with the Shares purchased pursuant to this Agreement, the Subscriber
hereby waives any and all right, title, interest, or claim of any kind in or to any distributions by the Company from the
trust account, which will be established for the benefit of the Companys public stockholders and into which substantially all of the proceeds of the IPO
will be deposited (the Trust Account), in the event of a liquidation of the Company upon the Companys failure to timely complete an initial business combination. For the removal of ambiguity,
in the event the Subscriber purchases Shares in the IPO or in the aftermarket, any
additional Shares so purchased shall be eligible to receive any liquidating distributions
by the Company. However, in no event will the Subscriber have the right to redeem
any Shares for funds held in the Trust Account upon the successful completion of an
initial business combination.

5. Restrictions on Transfer.

5.1. Securities Law Restrictions. In addition to any restrictions to be contained in that certain anticipated letter
agreement (commonly known as the Letter Agreement) to be dated as of the closing of the IPO by and between Subscriber and the Company,
Subscriber agrees not to sell, transfer, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose
of all or any part of the Shares unless, prior thereto (a) a registration statement
on the appropriate form under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws
with respect to the Shares proposed to be transferred shall then be effective or (b)
the Company has received an opinion from counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Company,
that such registration is not required because such transaction is exempt from registration
under the Securities Act and the rules promulgated by the Securities and Exchange
Commission thereunder and with all applicable state securities laws.

5.2. Lock-up. Subscriber acknowledges that the Securities will be subject to lock-up provisions
(the Lock-up) contained in the Letter Agreement.

5.3. Restrictive Legends. Any certificates representing the Shares shall have endorsed thereon legends substantially
as follows:

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT
OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND NEITHER THE SECURITIES NOR ANY
INTEREST THEREIN MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED
OF EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER SUCH ACT OR SUCH LAWS
OR AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER SUCH ACT AND SUCH LAWS WHICH, IN THE OPINION
OF COUNSEL, IS AVAILABLE.

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO A LOCKUP AND MAY NOT
BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED DURING THE TERM OF THE
LOCKUP.

5.4. Additional Shares or Substituted Securities. In the event of the declaration of a share dividend, the declaration of an extraordinary
dividend payable in a form other than Shares, a spin-off, a share split, an adjustment
in conversion ratio, a recapitalization or a similar transaction affecting the Companys outstanding Shares without receipt of consideration, any new, substituted or additional
securities or other property which are by reason of such transaction distributed with
respect to any Shares subject to this Section 5 or into which such Shares thereby become convertible shall immediately be subject
to this Section 5 and Section 3. Appropriate adjustments to reflect the distribution of such securities or property
shall be made to the number and/or class of Shares subject to this Section 5 and Section 3.

5

5.5. Registration Rights. Subscriber acknowledges that the Shares are being purchased pursuant to an exemption
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and will become freely tradable
only after certain conditions are met or they are registered pursuant to an anticipated
Registration Rights agreement to be entered into with the Company prior to the closing
of the anticipated IPO.

6. Other.

6.1. Further Assurances. Subscriber agrees to execute such further instruments and to take such further action
as may reasonably be necessary to carry out the intent of this Agreement.

6.2. Notices. All notices, statements or other documents which are required or contemplated by
this Agreement shall be: (i) in writing and delivered personally or sent by first
class registered or certified mail, overnight courier service or facsimile or electronic
transmission to the address designated in writing, (ii) by facsimile to the number
most recently provided to such party or such other address or fax number as may be
designated in writing by such party, and (iii) by electronic mail, to the electronic
mail address most recently provided to such party or such other electronic mail address
as may be designated in writing by such party. Any notice or other communication so
transmitted shall be deemed to have been given on the day of delivery, if delivered
personally, on the business day following receipt of written confirmation, if sent
by facsimile or electronic transmission, one (1) business day after delivery to an
overnight courier service or five (5) days after mailing if sent by mail.

6.3. Entire Agreement. Although references herein have been made to an anticipated IPO and related agreements
such as a Letter Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement, only this Agreement,
embodies the entire agreement and understanding between the Subscriber and the Company
with respect to the sale of Shares until such time as the future completion of the
other referenced agreements and events and this Agreement supersedes all prior oral
or written agreements and understandings relating to the subject matter hereof. No
statement, representation, warranty, covenant or agreement of any kind not expressly
set forth in this Agreement shall affect, or be used to interpret, change or restrict,
the express terms and provisions of this Agreement.

6.4. Modifications and Amendments. The terms and provisions of this Agreement may be modified or amended only by written
agreement executed by all parties hereto.

6.5. Waivers and Consents. The terms and provisions of this Agreement may be waived, or consent for the departure
therefrom granted, only by a written document executed by the parties. No such waiver
or consent shall be deemed to be or shall constitute a waiver or consent with respect
to any other terms or provisions of this Agreement, whether or not similar. Each such
waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose
for which it was given, and shall not constitute a continuing waiver or consent.

6

6.6. Assignment. The rights and obligations under this Agreement may not be assigned by either party
hereto without the prior written consent of the other party.

6.7. Benefit. All statements, representations, warranties, covenants, and agreements in this Agreement
shall be binding on the parties hereto and shall inure to the benefit of the respective
successors and permitted assigns of each party hereto. Nothing in this Agreement shall
be construed to create any rights or obligations except among the parties hereto,
and no person or entity shall be regarded as a third-party beneficiary of this Agreement.

6.8. Governing Law. This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall be construed
in accordance with and governed by the laws of New York applicable to contracts wholly
performed within the borders of such state, without giving effect to the conflict
of law principles thereof.

6.9. Severability. In the event that any court of competent jurisdiction shall determine that any provision,
or any portion thereof, contained in this Agreement shall be unreasonable or unenforceable
in any respect, then such provision shall be deemed limited to the extent that such
court deems it reasonable and enforceable, and as so limited shall remain in full
force and effect. In the event that such court shall deem any such provision, or portion
thereof, wholly unenforceable, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless
remain in full force and effect.

6.10. No Waiver of Rights, Powers and Remedies. No failure or delay by a party hereto in exercising any right, power or remedy under
this Agreement, and no course of dealing between the parties hereto, shall operate
as a waiver of any such right, power or remedy of such party. No single or partial
exercise of any right, power or remedy under this Agreement by a party hereto, nor
any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce any such right, power or remedy,
shall preclude such party from any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise
of any other right, power or remedy hereunder. The election of any remedy by a party
hereto shall not constitute a waiver of the right of such party to pursue other available
remedies. No notice to or demand on a party not expressly required under this Agreement
shall entitle the party receiving such notice or demand to any other or further notice
or demand in similar or other circumstances or constitute a waiver of the rights of
the party giving such notice or demand to any other or further action in any circumstances
without such notice or demand.

6.11. Survival of Representations and Warranties. All representations and warranties made by the parties hereto in this Agreement or
in any other agreement, certificate, or instrument provided for or contemplated hereby,
shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and any investigations made by or
on behalf of the parties.

6.12. No Broker or Finder. Each of the parties hereto represents and warrants to the other that no broker, finder
or other financial consultant has acted on its behalf in connection with this Agreement
or the transactions contemplated hereby in such a way as to create any liability on
the other. Each of the parties hereto agrees to indemnify and save the other harmless
from any claim or demand for commission or other compensation by any broker, finder,
financial consultant or similar agent claiming to have been employed by or on behalf of such party and to
bear the cost of legal expenses incurred in defending against any such claim.

7

6.13. Headings and Captions. The headings and captions of the various subdivisions of this Agreement are for convenience
of reference only and shall in no way modify or affect the meaning or construction
of any of the terms or provisions hereof.

6.14. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which when taken
together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective
when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party,
it being understood that both parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event
that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or any other form of electronic
delivery, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party
executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and
effect as if such signature page were an original thereof.

6.15. Construction. The parties hereto have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this
Agreement. If an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement
will be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto and no presumption or
burden of proof will arise favoring or disfavoring any party hereto because of the
authorship of any provision of this Agreement. The words include, includes, and including will be deemed to be followed by without limitation. Pronouns in masculine, feminine, and neuter genders will be construed to include
any other gender, and words in the singular form will be construed to include the
plural and vice versa, unless the context otherwise requires. The words this Agreement, herein, hereof, hereby, hereunder, and words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular
subdivision unless expressly so limited. The parties hereto intend that each representation,
warranty, and covenant contained herein will have independent significance. If any
party hereto has breached any representation, warranty, or covenant contained herein
in any respect, the fact that there exists another representation, warranty, or covenant
relating to the same subject matter (regardless of the relative levels of specificity)
which such party hereto has not breached will not detract from or mitigate the fact
that such party hereto is in breach of the first representation, warranty, or covenant.

6.16. Incorporation of Preamble into Agreement. So as to eliminate ambiguity, the preamble of this letter is hereby incorporated to
the body and with the same binding effect.

7. Voting and Tender of Shares. Subscriber agrees to vote the Shares in favor of an initial business combination
that the Company negotiates and submits for approval to the Companys stockholders and shall not seek redemption with respect to such Shares. Additionally,
the Subscriber agrees not to tender any Shares in connection with a tender offer presented
to the 

Companys stockholders in connection with an initial business combination negotiated by the
Company.

8. Indemnification. Each party shall indemnify the other against any loss, cost, or damages (including
reasonable attorneys fees and expenses) incurred as a result of such partys breach of any representation, warranty, covenant, or agreement in this Agreement.

8

If the foregoing accurately sets forth our understanding and agreement, please sign
the enclosed copy of this Agreement and return it to us.

Very Truly Yours,

Quartzsea Acquisition Corporation

/s/ Qi Gong

Name: Qi Gong

Title: Director

ACKNOWLEDGED, ACCEPTED, AND CONSENTED TO BY: 

Blue Jay Investment LLC 

/s/
Qi Gong 

Name: Qi Gong 

Title: Duly Authorized Signatory 

Signature Page to Subscription
Agreement

9

FIRST AMENDMENT TO SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT

This First Amendment (First Amendment) to the Subscription Agreement (as defined below) is made and entered into as of February 12, 2025, by and between Blue Jay Investment LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Subscriber) and Quartzsea Acquisition Corporation, a Cayman corporation (the Company). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to
them in the Subscription Agreement.

WHEREAS, Subscriber and the Company entered into that certain Subscription Agreement, dated as of November 5, 2024 in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Original Agreement, and as amended, including by this First Amendment, the Subscription Agreement);

WHEREAS, the parties now desire to amend the Subscription Agreement on the terms and conditions set forth herein; and

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and in accordance with
the terms of the Subscription Agreement, the Parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, do hereby acknowledge and agree
as follows:

1. Amendments to Subscription Agreement. The parties hereby agree that the Subscription Agreement is to be amended as follows:

A. The opening paragraph of the Subscription Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows:

This agreement (the Agreement) is entered into on November 5, 2024, by and between Blue Jay Investment LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company
(the Subscriber or you), and Quartzsea Acquisition Corporation, a Cayman Islands exempted Company (the
Company, we or us). Pursuant to the terms hereof, the Company hereby accepts the offer the Subscriber
has made to purchase 2,415,000 ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value per share, up to 315,000 of which are subject to forfeiture by you if the underwriters of the initial
public offering (the IPO) of the Companys units (the Units), each Unit consisting of one ordinary share and one right, do not fully exercise
their over-allotment option (the Over-allotment Option) (herein referred to as the Shares). The Company and the Subscribers agreements regarding such Shares are as follows:

B. Section 3.1 of the Subscription Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows:

3.1. Partial or No Exercise of the Over-allotment Option. In the event that the Over-allotment
Option granted to the underwriters of the anticipated IPO is not exercised or is only
partially exercised, the Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that it (or, if applicable,
it and any transferees of Shares) shall forfeit any and all rights to that percent
of ordinary shares that shall be inversely proportionate to the amount of the over-allotment exercised
by the underwriter (subject to a maximum forfeiture of 315,000 Shares and which shall not include any ordinary shares purchased by Subscriber in the IPO or in the aftermarket the Forfeiture Maximum).
Accordingly, the ordinary shares that shall not be forfeited by the Subscriber shall be determined to be in the amount
that is the product of (x) that number that is the quotient of (a) that amount of
ordinary shares purchased by the underwriter in connection with its exercise of its over-allotment
option divided by (b) the maximum amount of 315,000 of ordinary shares available to the underwriter in the form of an over-allotment option, and (y) the
forfeiture maximum. The Subscriber (and all other initial stockholders prior to the
IPO, if any) will own an aggregate number of that amount not to be less than 2,100,000 Shares equal to 35% of the issued and outstanding shares of publicly offered ordinary shares in the anticipated IPO (and if the over-allotment option is exercised by the underwriter
such greater amount as provided for in this clause).

10

2. Miscellaneous. Except as expressly provided in this First Amendment, all of the terms and provisions in the Original Agreement are and shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein. This First Amendment does not constitute, directly or by implication, an amendment or waiver of any provision
of the Original Agreement, or any other right, remedy, power or privilege of any party, except as expressly set forth herein. Any reference to the Subscription Agreement or any other agreement, document, instrument or certificate entered into or issued
in connection therewith shall hereinafter mean the Original Agreement, as amended by this First Amendment (or as the Subscription Agreement may be further amended or modified after the date hereof in accordance with
the terms thereof). The Original Agreement, as amended by this First Amendment, and the documents or instruments attached hereto or thereto or referenced herein or therein, constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject
matter of the Subscription Agreement, and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both oral and written, between
the parties with respect to its subject matter. If any provision of the Original Agreement is materially different from or inconsistent with any provision of this
First Amendment, the provision of this First Amendment shall control, and the provision of the Original Agreement shall, to the extent of such difference or inconsistency, be disregarded. Sections 6 of the Original Agreement are hereby incorporated herein by reference as if fully set forth herein, and such provisions apply to this First Amendment as if all references to the Agreement contained therein were instead references
to this First Amendment.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Pages Follow]

11

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each Party hereto has caused this First Amendment to be signed and delivered as of the date first written above.

The Company:

QUARTZSEA ACQUISITION CORPORATION

By: 

/s/
Qi Gong

Name: Qi Gong

Title: Director

ACKNOWLEDGED, ACCEPTED, AND CONSENTED TO BY: 

BLUE JAY INVESTMENT LLC 

/s/ Qi Gong

Name: Qi Gong 

Title: Member 

[Signature Page to First
Amendment to Subscription Agreement]

12

Exhibit A

Original Agreement

[Signature Page to First Amendment to Merger Agreement]

A-1

SECOND AMENDMENT TO SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT

This Second Amendment (Second
Amendment) to the Subscription Agreement (as defined below) is made and entered into as of March 17, 2025, by and between Blue
Jay Investment LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Subscriber) and Quartzsea Acquisition Corporation,
a Cayman corporation (the Company). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed
to them in the Subscription Agreement.

WHEREAS, Subscriber and
the Company entered into that certain Subscription Agreement dated as of November 5, 2024 in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A
(the Original Agreement, and amended on February 12, 2025, the Subscription Agreement);

WHEREAS, the parties now desire to amend the Subscription Agreement on the terms and conditions set forth herein; and

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and in accordance with
the terms of the Subscription Agreement, the Parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, do hereby acknowledge and agree
as follows:

1. Amendments to Subscription Agreement. The parties hereby agree that the Subscription Agreement is to be amended as follows:

A. The opening paragraph of the Subscription Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows:

This agreement (the Agreement)
is entered into on March 17, 2025, by and between Blue Jay Investment LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company (the Subscriber
or you), and Quartzsea Acquisition Corporation, a Cayman Islands exempted Company (the Company,
we or us). Pursuant to the terms hereof, the Company hereby accepts the offer the Subscriber
has made to purchase 2,898,000 ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value per share, up to 378,000 of which are subject to forfeiture by you
if the underwriters of the initial public offering (the IPO) of the Companys units (the Units),
each Unit consisting of one ordinary share and one right, do not fully exercise their over-allotment option (the Over-allotment
Option) (herein referred to as the Shares). The Company and the Subscribers agreements regarding
such Shares are as follows:

B. Section 3.1 of the Subscription Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows:

3.1. Partial or No Exercise of
the Over-allotment Option. In the event that the Over-allotment Option granted to the underwriters of the anticipated IPO is not exercised
or is only partially exercised, the Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that it (or, if applicable, it and any transferees of Shares)
shall forfeit any and all rights to that percent of ordinary shares that shall be inversely proportionate to the amount of the over-allotment
exercised by the underwriter (subject to a maximum forfeiture of 378,000 Shares and which shall not include any ordinary shares purchased
by Subscriber in the IPO or in the aftermarket the Forfeiture Maximum). Accordingly, the ordinary shares that shall not
be forfeited by the Subscriber shall be determined to be in the amount that is the product of (x) that number that is the quotient of
(a) that amount of ordinary shares purchased by the underwriter in connection with its exercise of its over-allotment option divided
by (b) the maximum amount of 378,000 of ordinary shares available to the underwriter in the form of an over-allotment option, and (y)
the forfeiture maximum. The Subscriber (and all other initial stockholders prior to the IPO, if any) will own an aggregate number of
that amount not to be less than 2,520,000 Shares equal to 35% of the issued and outstanding shares of publicly offered ordinary shares
in the anticipated IPO (and if the over-allotment option is exercised by the underwriter such greater amount as provided for in this
clause).

2

2. Miscellaneous.
Except as expressly provided in this Second Amendment, all of the terms and provisions in the Original Agreement are and shall remain
unchanged and in full force and effect, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein. This Second Amendment does not
constitute, directly or by implication, an amendment or waiver of any provision of the Original Agreement, or any other right, remedy,
power or privilege of any party, except as expressly set forth herein. Any reference to the Subscription Agreement or any other agreement,
document, instrument or certificate entered into or issued in connection therewith shall hereinafter mean the Original Agreement, as
amended by this Second Amendment (or as the Subscription Agreement may be further amended or modified after the date hereof in accordance
with the terms thereof). The Original Agreement, as amended by this Second Amendment, and the documents or instruments attached hereto
or thereto or referenced herein or therein, constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter of
the Subscription Agreement, and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both oral and written, between the parties with respect
to its subject matter. If any provision of the Original Agreement is materially different from or inconsistent with any provision of
this Second Amendment, the provision of this Second Amendment shall control, and the provision of the Original Agreement shall, to the
extent of such difference or inconsistency, be disregarded. Sections 6 of the Original Agreement are hereby incorporated herein by reference
as if fully set forth herein, and such provisions apply to this Second Amendment as if all references to the Agreement
contained therein were instead references to this Second Amendment.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Pages Follow]

3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each Party hereto has caused this Second Amendment to be signed and delivered as of the date first written above.

The Company:

QUARTZSEA ACQUISITION CORPORATION

By: 

/s/
Qi Gong

Name: Qi Gong

Title: Director

ACKNOWLEDGED, ACCEPTED, AND CONSENTED TO BY: 

BLUE JAY INVESTMENT LLC 

/s/ Qi Gong

Name: Qi Gong 

Title: Member 

[Signature Page to Second
Amendment to Subscription Agreement]

4

Exhibit A

Original Agreement

A-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>quartzsea_ex10-6.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.6
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.6

SHARE ESCROW AGREEMENT

SHARE ESCROW AGREEMENT, dated as of March 18, 2025
(the Agreement), by and among QUARTZSEA ACQUISITION CORPORATION, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the
Company), BLUE JAY INVESTMENT LLC (the Sponsor), the shareholders of
the Company listed on Exhibit A hereto (together with Sponsor and any permitted transferee of the Sponsor or such shareholders after the
date hereof in accordance with the terms hereof being referred to as, the Founders) and CONTINENTAL STOCK
TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY, a New York limited purpose trust company (the Escrow Agent).

WHEREAS, the Company was formed for the purpose
of entering into a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar
business combination (a Business Combination) with one or more businesses or entities.

WHEREAS, the Company has entered into an Underwriting
Agreement, dated as of March 17, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement), with SPAC Advisory Partners (the
Representative) acting as representative of the several underwriters (collectively, the Underwriters),
pursuant to which, among other matters, the Underwriters have agreed to purchase 7,200,000 units (the Units)
of the Company, plus an additional 1,080,000 Units if the Underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full. Each Unit consists
of one ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share (Ordinary Share), and one right (Right)
entitling the holder thereof to receive 1/5th of one Ordinary Share upon the completion of an initial Business Combination, all as more
fully described in the Companys prospectus, comprising part of the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File
No. 333-285152) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Registration Statement).

WHEREAS, the Founders have agreed as a condition
of the sale of the Units to deposit their Ordinary Shares of the Company (Founder Shares) in escrow as hereinafter
provided.

WHEREAS, the Company and the Founders desire that
the Escrow Agent accept the Founder Shares, in escrow, to be held and disbursed as hereinafter provided.

IT IS AGREED:

1. Appointment of Escrow Agent. The
Company and the Founders hereby appoint the Escrow Agent to act in accordance with and subject to the terms of this Agreement and the
Escrow Agent hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to act in accordance with and subject to such terms.

2. Deposit of Shares. On or before
the Effective Date, the Founders respective Founder Shares set forth on Exhibit A hereto shall be deposited in escrow, to be held
and disbursed subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. The Founders acknowledge that the shares deposited in escrow will
be legended to reflect the deposit of such shares under this Agreement.

3. Disbursement of the Escrow Shares.

3.1 If the over-allotment option to purchase all
or a portion of the additional 1,080,000 Units of the Company is not exercised in full within 45 days of the date of the Registration Statement
(as described in the Underwriting Agreement), the Sponsor agrees that the Escrow Agent shall return to the Company for cancellation, at
no cost, the number of Founder Shares held by the Sponsor determined by multiplying 378,000 by a fraction, (i) the numerator of which
is 1,080,000 minus the number of Units purchased by the Underwriters upon the exercise of the over-allotment option, and (ii) the denominator
of which is 1,080,000. The Company shall promptly provide notice to the Escrow Agent of the expiration or termination of the over-allotment
option and the number of Units, if any, purchased by the Underwriters in connection with the exercise thereof.

3.2 Except as
otherwise set forth herein, the Escrow Agent shall hold the Founder Shares remaining after any cancellation required pursuant to
Section 3.1 above (such remaining shares to be referred to herein as the Escrow Shares) 180th day
following the consummation of a Business Combination, or earlier, if, subsequent to a Business Combination, the Company consummates
a subsequent liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the Companys
shareholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other property (such period of time during which
the Escrow Shares are held in escrow, the Escrow Period). The Company shall promptly provide notice of
the consummation of an initial Business Combination to the Escrow Agent. Upon completion of the Escrow Period, the Escrow Agent
shall disburse such amount of each Founders Escrow Shares to the applicable Founder. The Escrow Agent shall have no further
duties hereunder after the disbursement of the Escrow Shares in accordance with this Section 3.2.

3.3 If the Escrow Agent is notified by the
Company pursuant to Section 6.7 hereof that the Companys Trust Account (as defined in that certain Investment Management Trust
Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and between the Company and the Escrow Agent as trustee thereunder) is being liquidated, then
the Escrow Agent shall deliver the certificates representing the Escrow Shares to the Founders promptly after the public shareholders
are paid the liquidating distributions and shall have no further duties hereunder.

4. Rights of Founders in Escrow Shares.

4.1 Voting Rights as a Shareholder.
Subject to the terms of the Insider Letter described in Section 4.4 hereof and except as herein provided, the Founders shall retain
all of their rights as shareholders of the Company as long as any shares are held in escrow pursuant to this Agreement, including, without
limitation, the right to vote such shares.

4.2 Dividends and Other Distributions
in Respect of the Escrow Shares. For as long as any shares are held in escrow pursuant to this Agreement, all dividends payable in
cash with respect to the Escrow Shares shall be paid to the Founders, but all dividends payable in stock or other non-cash property
(Non-Cash Dividends) shall be delivered to the Escrow Agent to hold in accordance with the terms hereof.
As used herein, the term Escrow Shares shall be deemed to include the Non-Cash Dividends distributed thereon,
if any.

4.3 Restrictions on Transfer. During
the Escrow Period, the only permitted transfers of the Escrow Shares will be (i) among the Founders or to the Companys or
the Founders members, officers, directors, consultants or their affiliates, (ii) by bona fide gift to a member of a Founders
immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a Founder or a member of a Founders immediate family, in each case
for estate planning purposes, (iii) by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution upon death, (iv) pursuant to a qualified
domestic relations order, or (v) to the Company for no value for cancellation in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination,
(vi) in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination at prices no greater than the price at which the Escrow Shares
were originally purchased, or (vii) by virtue of the laws of the Cayman Islands or the organizational documents of our sponsor upon
its dissolution; provided, however, that except for clause (v) or with the Companys prior written consent, such permitted
transfers may be implemented only upon the respective transferees written agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of
this Agreement and of the Insider Letter.

4.4 Insider Letter. The Founders have
executed a letter agreement with the Company, dated as of the date hereof, the form of which is filed as an exhibit to the Registration
Statement (Insider Letter), respecting the rights and obligations of such Founders in certain events, including,
but not limited to, the liquidation of the Company.

5. Concerning the Escrow Agent.

5.1 Good Faith Reliance. The Escrow
Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted by it in good faith and in the exercise of its own best judgment, and may rely
conclusively and shall be protected in acting upon any order, notice, demand, certificate, opinion or advice of counsel (including counsel
chosen by the Escrow Agent), statement, instrument, report or other paper or document (not only as to its due execution and the validity
and effectiveness of its provisions, but also as to the truth and acceptability of any information therein contained) which is believed
by the Escrow Agent in good faith to be genuine and to be signed or presented by the proper person or persons. The Escrow Agent shall
not be bound by any notice or demand, or any waiver, modification, termination or rescission of this Agreement unless evidenced by a writing
delivered to the Escrow Agent signed by the proper party or parties and, if the duties or rights of the Escrow Agent are affected, unless
it shall have given its prior written consent thereto.

2

5.2 Indemnification. Subject to Section 5.8
below, the Escrow Agent shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company from and against any expenses, including reasonable counsel
fees and disbursements, or loss suffered by the Escrow Agent in connection with any action, suit or other proceeding involving any claim
which in any way, directly or indirectly, arises out of or relates to this Agreement, the services of the Escrow Agent hereunder, or the
Escrow Shares held by it hereunder, other than expenses or losses arising from the gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct of the
Escrow Agent. Promptly after the receipt by the Escrow Agent of notice of any demand or claim or the commencement of any action, suit
or proceeding, the Escrow Agent shall notify the other parties hereto in writing. In the event of the receipt of such notice, the Escrow
Agent, in its sole discretion, may commence an action in the nature of interpleader in an appropriate court to determine ownership or
disposition of the Escrow Shares or it may deposit the Escrow Shares with the clerk of any appropriate court or it may retain the Escrow
Shares pending receipt of a final, non-appealable order of a court having jurisdiction over all of the parties hereto directing
to whom and under what circumstances the Escrow Shares are to be disbursed and delivered. The provisions of this Section 5.2 shall
survive in the event the Escrow Agent resigns or is discharged pursuant to Sections 5.5 or 5.6 below.

5.3 Compensation. Subject to Section 5.8
below, the Escrow Agent shall be entitled to reasonable compensation from the Company for all services rendered by it hereunder. The Escrow
Agent shall also be entitled to reimbursement from the Company for all reasonable expenses paid or incurred by it in the administration
of its duties hereunder including, but not limited to, all counsel, advisors and agents fees and disbursements and all taxes
or other governmental charges.

5.4 Further Assurances. From time
to time on and after the date hereof, the Company and the Founders shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Escrow Agent such further
documents and instruments and shall do or cause to be done such further acts as the Escrow Agent shall reasonably request to carry out
more effectively the provisions and purposes of this Agreement, to evidence compliance herewith or to assure itself that it is protected
in acting hereunder.

5.5 Resignation. The Escrow Agent
may resign at any time and be discharged from its duties as escrow agent hereunder by its giving the other parties hereto written notice
and such resignation shall become effective as hereinafter provided. Such resignation shall become effective at such time that the Escrow
Agent shall turn the Escrow Shares over to a successor escrow agent appointed by the Company and approved by the Representative, which
approval will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. If no new escrow agent is so appointed within the 60-day period
following the giving of such notice of resignation, the Escrow Agent may deposit the Escrow Shares with any court it reasonably deems
appropriate in the State of New York.

5.6 Discharge of Escrow Agent. The
Escrow Agent shall resign and be discharged from its duties as escrow agent hereunder if so requested in writing at any time by all of
the other parties hereto; provided, however, that such resignation shall become effective only upon the appointment of a successor escrow
agent selected by the Company and approved by the Representative, which approval will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.

5.7 Liability. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, the Escrow Agent shall not be relieved from liability hereunder for its own gross negligence, fraud or willful
misconduct.

5.8 Waiver.
The Escrow Agent hereby waives any right of set-off or any other right, title, interest or claim of any kind (Claim)
in, or to any distribution of, the Trust Account and hereby agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction for any
Claim against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.

6. Miscellaneous.

6.1 Governing Law. This Agreement
shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts
of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. The parties hereto consent to
the jurisdiction and venue of any state or federal court located in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, for purposes of resolving
any disputes hereunder. As to any claim, cross-claim, or counterclaim in any way relating to this Agreement, each party waives the right
to trial by jury.

3

6.2 Third Party Beneficiaries. Each
of the parties to this Agreement hereby acknowledges that the Representative is a third party beneficiary of this Agreement.

6.3 Entire Agreement. This Agreement
contains the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and, except as expressly provided herein, may
only be changed, amended, or modified by a writing signed by each of the parties hereto.

6.4 Headings. The headings contained
in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation thereof.

6.5 Binding Effect. This Agreement
shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the respective parties hereto and their legal representatives, successors and assigns.

6.6 Notices. Any notice, consent or
request to be given in connection with any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be sent by express
mail or similar private courier service, by certified mail (return receipt requested), by hand delivery, by email or by electronic transmission:

If to the Company, to:

Quartzsea Acquisition Corporation

1185 6th Ave., Suite 304

New York, NY 10036

Attn:
Qi Gong, Chief Executive Officer

Email:qgong@quartzsea.com

If to a Founder, to his/her/its address set forth
in Exhibit A.

and if to the Escrow Agent, to:

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company 

1 State Street

New York, New York 10004

A copy of any notice sent hereunder shall be sent
to:

SPAC Advisory Partners

a division of Kingswood Capital Partners LLC

5900 Balcones Drive, Suite 100

Austin, TX 78731

Attn: Gus Garcia

with a copy to:

Holland & Knight LLP

811 Main Street, Suite 2500

Houston, Texas 77002

Attn: James R. Brown 

4

The parties may change the persons and addresses
to which the notices or other communications are to be sent by giving written notice to any such change in the manner provided herein
for giving notice.

6.7 Liquidation of the Trust Account.
The Company shall give the Escrow Agent written notification of the liquidation of the Trust Account in the event that the Company fails
to consummate a Business Combination within the time period specified in the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association, as the same may be amended from time to time.

6.8 Counterparts. This Agreement may
be executed in several counterparts, each one of which shall constitute an original and may be delivered by facsimile transmission and
together shall constitute one instrument.

[Signature Page Follows]

5

WITNESS the execution of this Agreement as of
the date first above written.

QUARTZSEA ACQUISITION CORPORATION

By: /s/ Qi Gong

Name: Qi Gong

Title: Chief Executive Officer

CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST

COMPANY, as Escrow Agent

By: /s/
Erika Young 3/18/2025

Name: Erika Young

Title: Vice President

FOUNDERS:

BLUE JAY INVESTMENT LLC

By: /s/
Qi Gong

Name: Qi Gong

Title: Member

[Signature Page to Share Escrow Agreement]

6

EXHIBIT A

Name and Address of Founder Number of

Shares 

Blue Jay Investment LLC, 1185 Avenue of the Americas, Suite 304, New York, NY 10036 2,898,000 

Qi Gong, 1185 Avenue of the Americas, Suite 304, New York, NY 10036 2,898,000 

A-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>quartzsea_ex10-7.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.7
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.7

March 18, 2025

Quartzsea Acquisition Corp.

1185 6th Avenue, Suite 304

New York, NY 10036

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Quartzsea Acquisition Corp. (the Company), a blank check company formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (a Business Combination), intends to register its securities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), in connection with its initial public offering (IPO). The Company currently anticipates selling units (Units) in the IPO, each comprised of one ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (Ordinary Share(s)) and one right (Right(s)) entitling the holder thereof to receive 1/5th of one Ordinary Share upon the completion of an initial Business Combination.

The undersigned hereby commits to purchase an aggregate of 224,250 units of the Company (Initial Units) at $10.00 per Initial Unit for an aggregate purchase price of $2,242,500 (the Initial Purchase Price). Additionally, if the underwriters in the IPO (Underwriters) exercise their over-allotment option in full or in part, the undersigned further commits to purchase up to an additional 7,650 units (Additional Units and together with the Initial Units, the Private Units) at $10.00 per Additional Unit, for an aggregate purchase price of up to $76,500 (the Over-Allotment Purchase Price and together with the Initial Purchase Price, the Purchase Price). The Private Units will be identical to the Units except as described below.

On the date of the closing of the IPO (the IPO Closing Date), the Company shall issue and sell to the undersigned, and the undersigned shall purchase from the Company, the Initial Units for the Initial Purchase Price. At least one (1) business day prior to the date the Companys registration statement filed in connection with the IPO (Registration Statement) is declared effective, the undersigned will cause the Purchase Price to be delivered by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the accounts designated by the Company, including to the trust account at a financial institution to be chosen by the Company, maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as trustee, in accordance with the Companys wiring instructions. On the IPO Closing Date, the Initial Purchase Price shall be released to the Company and the Company shall effect delivery of the Initial Units to the undersigned in book-entry form.

On the date of the closing of the over-allotment option, if any, in connection with the IPO (each such date, an Over-Allotment Closing Date, and each Over-Allotment Closing Date (if any) and the IPO Closing Date, a Closing Date), the Over-Allotment Purchase Price shall be released to the Company and the Company shall issue and sell to the undersigned, and the undersigned shall purchase from the Company, the Additional Units (or, to the extent the over-allotment option is not exercised in full, a lesser number of Additional Units in proportion to portion of the over-allotment option that is exercised). On each Over-Allotment Closing Date, if any, subject to receipt of funds pursuant to the immediately prior sentence, the Company shall effect delivery of the Additional Units to the undersigned in book-entry form.

The Private Units will be identical to the Units to be sold by the Company in the IPO, except that:

the undersigned agrees to vote the Ordinary Shares included in the Private Units (Private Shares) in favor of any proposed Business Combination;

the undersigned agrees not to seek redemption of any Private Shares, or seek to sell any Private Shares in any tender offer, in connection with any proposed Business Combination;

the Private Units (including Private Shares and rights included in the Private Units (Private Rights), and the Ordinary Shares underlying the Private Rights) will not be transferable by the undersigned until the consummation of a Business Combination (subject to certain exceptions as described in the Registration Statement);

the Private Units (including Private Shares and Private Rights, and the Ordinary Shares underlying the Private Rights) will be subject to customary registration rights, pursuant to a registration rights agreement on terms agreed upon by the Company and the Underwriters to be filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (the Registration Rights Agreement);

the undersigned will not participate in any liquidation distribution with respect to the Private Units or the underlying securities (but will participate in liquidation distributions with respect to any units or Ordinary Shares purchased by the undersigned in the IPO or in the open market after the IPO) if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination; and

the Private Units (including Private Shares and Private Rights, and the Ordinary Shares underlying the Private Rights) will include any additional terms or restrictions as is customary in other similarly structured blank check company offerings or as may be reasonably required by the Underwriters in order to consummate the IPO, which terms or restrictions will be described in the Registration Statement.

The undersigned acknowledges and agrees that it will execute agreements in form and substance typical for transactions of this nature necessary to effectuate the foregoing agreements and obligations prior to the consummation of the IPO as are reasonably acceptable to the undersigned, including but not limited to (i) an insider letter and (ii) the Registration Rights Agreement.

The undersigned hereby represents and warrants to the Company (which representations and warranties shall survive each Closing Date) that:

(a) it has been advised that the Private Units (including Private Shares and Private Rights, and the Ordinary Shares underlying the Private Rights, collectively, the Securities), have not been registered under the Securities Act;

2

(b) it is acquiring the Securities for its own account, for investment purposes only and not with a view towards, or for resale in connection with, any public sale or distribution thereof;

(c) it understands that the Securities are being offered and will be sold to it in reliance on specific exemptions from the registration requirements of the United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy of, and the undersigneds compliance with, the representations and warranties of the undersigned set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the undersigned to acquire such Securities;

(d) it is an accredited investor as defined by Rule 501(a)(3) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, and it has not experienced a disqualifying event as enumerated pursuant to Rule 506(d) of Regulation D under the Securities Act. The undersigned did not decide to enter into this letter agreement as a result of any general solicitation or general advertising within the meaning of Rule 502(c) of Regulation D under the Securities Act;

(e) it has been furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Securities which have been requested by the undersigned. The undersigned has been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the executive officers and directors of the Company. The undersigned understands that its investment in the Securities involves a high degree of risk and it has sought such accounting, legal and tax advice as it has considered necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the acquisition of the Securities;

(f) it understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the Securities by the undersigned nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities;

(g) it understands that: (A) the Securities have not been and are not being registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws, and may not be offered for sale, sold, assigned or transferred unless (1) subsequently registered thereunder or (2) sold in reliance on an exemption therefrom; and (B) except as specifically set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement, neither the Company nor any other person is under any obligation to register the Securities under the Securities Act or any state securities laws or to comply with the terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder. In this regard, the undersigned understands that the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has taken the position that promoters or affiliates of a blank check company and their transferees, both before and after an initial Business Combination, are deemed to be underwriters under the Securities Act when reselling the securities of a blank check company. Based on that position, Rule 144 adopted pursuant to the Securities Act would not be available for resale transactions of the Securities despite technical compliance with the requirements of such Rule, and the Securities can be resold only through a registered offering or in reliance upon another exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act;

3

(h) it has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters, knowledge of the high degree of risk associated with investments in the securities of companies in the development stage such as the Company, is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Securities and is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Securities in the amount contemplated hereunder for an indefinite period of time. The undersigned has adequate means of providing for its current financial needs and contingencies and will have no current or anticipated future needs for liquidity which would be jeopardized by the investment in the Securities. The undersigned can afford a complete loss of its investments in the Securities;

(i) it has full power, authority and legal capacity to execute and deliver this letter agreement and any documents contemplated herein or needed to consummate the transactions contemplated in this letter agreement;

(j) it understands that the Private Units shall bear the legend substantially in the form set forth below and be subject to appropriate stop transfer restrictions:

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF UNLESS REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION IS AVAILABLE. IN ADDITION, SUBJECT TO ANY ADDITIONAL LIMITATIONS ON TRANSFER DESCRIBED IN THE LETTER AGREEMENT BY AND AMONG QUARTZSEA ACQUISITION CORP. (THE COMPANY), BLUE JAY INVESTMENT LLC AND THE OTHER PARTIES THERETO, THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE MAY NOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED PRIOR TO THE DATE UPON WHICH THE COMPANY COMPLETES ITS INITIAL BUSINESS COMBINATION (AS DEFINED IN ITS AMENDED AND RESTATED MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION) EXCEPT TO A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE WHO AGREES IN WRITING WITH THE COMPANY TO BE SUBJECT TO SUCH TRANSFER PROVISIONS.

SECURITIES EVIDENCED HEREBY SHALL BE ENTITLED TO REGISTRATION RIGHTS UNDER A REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT WITH THE COMPANY.;

(k) this letter agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the undersigned, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights and to general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or law); and

(l) the execution and delivery by the undersigned of this letter agreement and the fulfillment of and compliance with the terms hereof by the undersigned do not and shall not as of each Closing Date (a) conflict with or result in a breach by the undersigned of the terms, conditions or provisions of, (b) constitute a default under, (c) result in the creation of any lien, security interest, charge or encumbrance upon the undersigneds equity or assets under, (d) result in a violation of, or (e) require any authorization, consent, approval, exemption or other action by or notice or declaration to, or filing with, any court or administrative or governmental body or agency pursuant to the undersigneds organizational documents in effect on the date hereof or as may be amended prior to completion of the contemplated IPO, or any material law, statute, rule or regulation to which the undersigned is subject, or any agreement, instrument, order, judgment or decree to which the undersigned is subject, except for any filings required after the date hereof under federal or state securities laws.

4

All of the representations and warranties contained herein shall survive each Closing Date. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all covenants and agreements contained in this letter agreement by or on behalf of any of the parties hereto shall bind and inure to the benefit of the respective successors of the parties hereto whether so expressed or not. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary herein, the parties may not assign this letter agreement, other than assignments by the undersigned to affiliates thereof (including, without limitation one or more of its members). This letter agreement may not be amended, modified or waived as to any particular provision, except by a written instrument executed by the parties hereto.

Whenever possible, each provision of letter agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this letter agreement is held to be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of this letter agreement. This letter agreement may be executed simultaneously in two or more counterparts, none of which need contain the signatures of more than one party, but all such counterparts taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

Any notice, consent or request to be given in connection with any of the terms or provisions of this letter agreement shall be in writing and shall be sent by express mail or similar private courier service, by certified mail (return receipt requested), by hand delivery or electronic transmission.

This letter agreement shall be deemed to be a contract made under the laws of the State of New York and for all purposes shall be construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the laws of another jurisdiction.

This letter agreement may be terminated by the Company or the undersigned at any time after March 31, 2025 upon written notice to the other party hereto if the closing of the IPO does not occur prior to such date.

[Signature Page Follows]

5

Very truly yours,

BLUE JAY INVESTMENT LLC

By: /s/ Qi Gong

Name: Qi Gong

Title: Member

Accepted and Agreed:

QUARTZSEA ACQUISITION CORP.

By: /s/ Qi Gong

Name: Qi Gong

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement]

6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>quartzsea_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Quartzsea Acquisition Corporation Announces Pricing of $72,000,000

Upsized Initial Public Offering

New York, NY., March 17, 2025 Quartzsea Acquisition Corporation (NASDAQ: QSEA, the Company), a Cayman Islands exempted company, announced today that it priced its initial public offering of 7,200,000 units at $10.00 per unit. The units are expected to be listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (NASDAQ) and trade under the ticker symbol QSEAU beginning on March 18, 2025. Each unit consists of one of the Companys ordinary shares and one right, with each whole right entitling the holder thereof to receive one-fifth (1/5) of one ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial business combination. No fractional rights will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole rights will trade.

Once the securities comprising the units begin separate trading, the ordinary shares and rights are expected to be listed on NASDAQ under the symbols QSEA and QSEAR, respectively.

SPAC Advisory Partners, a division of Kingswood Capital Partners, LLC is acting as sole book-running manager in the offering. The underwriters have been granted a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 1,080,000 units offered by the Company to cover over-allotments, if any. The offering is expected to close on March 19, 2025, subject to customary closing conditions.

A registration statement relating to these securities was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 14, 2025. The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus. Copies of the prospectus may be obtained, when available, by contacting Kingswood Capital Partners, LLC, 126 East 56th Street, Suite 22S, New York, NY 10022, or by calling 212-487-1080 or emailing Syndicate@kingswoodUS.com. Copies of the registration statement can be accessed through the SECs website at www.sec.gov.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About Quartzsea Acquisition Corporation

Quartzsea Acquisition Corporation is a blank check company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. The Companys efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements. The Company expressly disclaims any obligations or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in the Companys expectations with respect thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any statement is based.

Contact

Qi Gong

Chief Executive Officer

Email: qgong@quartzsea.com

Tel: (212) 612-1400
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>quartzsea_ex99-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.2

Quartzsea
Acquisition Corporation Announces Closing of

$82,800,000 Initial Public Offering, Including Full Exercise of Underwriters Over-Allotment
Option

NEW
YORK, NY., March 19, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) Quartzsea Acquisition Corporation (NASDAQ: QSEAU, the Company)
announced today that it has closed its initial public offering of 8,280,000 units at $10.00 per unit. This includes the exercise
in full by the underwriters of their over-allotment option to purchase up to an additional 1,080,000 units. Each unit consists
of one of the Companys ordinary shares and one right, with each whole right entitling the holder thereof to receive one-fifth
(1/5) of one ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial business combination.

The
units are listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (NASDAQ) and began trading under the ticker symbol QSEAU
on March 18, 2025. Once the securities comprising the units begin separate trading, the ordinary shares and rights are expected
to be listed on NASDAQ under the symbols QSEA, and QSEAR, respectively.

SPAC
Advisory Partners, a division of Kingswood Capital Partners, LLC acted as sole book running manager in the offering.

A
registration statement relating to these securities was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 14,
2025. The offering was made only by means of a prospectus, copies of which may be obtained, by contacting Kingswood Capital Partners,
LLC, 126 East 56th Street, Suite 22S, New York, NY 10022, or by calling 212-487-1080 or emailing Syndicate@kingswoodUS.com.
Copies of the registration statement can be accessed through the SECs website at www.sec.gov.

This
press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these
securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification
under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About
Quartzsea Acquisition Corporation

Quartzsea
Acquisition Corporation is a blank check company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition,
share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. The Companys efforts to identify
a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region.

Forward-Looking
Statements

This
press release includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements are statements
that are not historical facts. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual
results to differ from the forward-looking statements. The Company expressly disclaims any obligations or undertaking to release
publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in the Companys
expectations with respect thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any statement is based.

Contact

Qi
Gong

Chief Executive Officer

Email: qgong@quartzsea.com

Tel: (212) 612-1400
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>ex3-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>ex10-2_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>cik0002047455-20250314.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>cik0002047455-20250314_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>cik0002047455-20250314_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Units, each consisting of one ordinary share and one right 

Ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Rights, each right entitling the holder to receive one-fifth of one ordinary share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>cik0002047455-20250314_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 14, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 14, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --11-30

Entity File Number 000-00000

Entity Registrant Name Quartzsea Acquisition Corporation

Entity Central Index Key 0002047455

Entity Tax Identification Number 00-0000000

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Address, Address Line One 1185 Avenue of the Americas

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 304

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10036

City Area Code (212)

Local Phone Number 612-1400

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Units, each consisting of one ordinary share and one right 

Title of 12(b) Security Units, each consisting of one ordinary share and one right

Trading Symbol QSEAU

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol QSEA

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Rights, each right entitling the holder to receive one-fifth of one ordinary share 

Title of 12(b) Security Rights, each right entitling the holder to receive one-fifth of one ordinary share

Trading Symbol QSEAR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=CIK0002047455_UnitsEachConsistingOfOneOrdinaryShareAndOneRightMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=CIK0002047455_OrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=CIK0002047455_RightsEachRightEntitlingHolderToReceiveOnefifthOfOneOrdinaryShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
4 
25 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://CIK0002047455/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cik0002047455-20250314.xsd 
cik0002047455-20250314_def.xml 
cik0002047455-20250314_lab.xml 
cik0002047455-20250314_pre.xml 
quartzsea_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>0001829126-25-001935-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>quartzsea_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002047455 

2025-03-14 
2025-03-14 

0002047455 

CIK0002047455:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneOrdinaryShareAndOneRightMember 

2025-03-14 
2025-03-14 

0002047455 

CIK0002047455:OrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-03-14 
2025-03-14 

0002047455 

CIK0002047455:RightsEachRightEntitlingHolderToReceiveOnefifthOfOneOrdinaryShareMember 

2025-03-14 
2025-03-14 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--11-30 
0002047455 
8-K 
2025-03-14 
Quartzsea Acquisition Corporation 
E9 
000-00000 
00-0000000 
1185 Avenue of the Americas 
Suite 304 
New York 
NY 
10036 
(212) 
612-1400 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Units, each consisting of one ordinary share and one right 
QSEAU 
NASDAQ 
Ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 
QSEA 
NASDAQ 
Rights, each right entitling the holder to receive one-fifth of one ordinary share 
QSEAR 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>