<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-030343.txt : 20250409
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-030343.hdr.sgml : 20250409
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250409170045
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-030343
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250403
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250409
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250409

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sizzle Acquisition Corp. II
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002030663
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42583
		FILM NUMBER:		25825790

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4201 GEORGIA AVENUE NW
		CITY:			WASHINGTON
		STATE:			DC
		ZIP:			20011
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2028460300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4201 GEORGIA AVENUE NW
		CITY:			WASHINGTON
		STATE:			DC
		ZIP:			20011
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0237623-8k_sizzleacq2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000203066300020306632025-04-032025-04-030002030663szzl:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOneRightMember2025-04-032025-04-030002030663szzl:ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-04-032025-04-030002030663szzl:RightsEachRightEntitlingHolderToReceiveOnetenth110OfOneClassOrdinaryShareUponConsummationOfInitialBusinessCombinationMember2025-04-032025-04-03iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
April 3, 2025

Sizzle Acquisition Corp. II

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Cayman Islands 001-42583 37-2148817

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

4201 Georgia AvenueNW

Washington DC20011

Cayman Islands(Address of principal executive
offices, including zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (202)846-0300

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange

on which registered

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one right SZZLU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share SZZL The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Rights, each right entitling the holder to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of the initial business combination SZZLR The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8.01. Other Events.

On April 3, 2025, Sizzle
Acquisition Corp. II (the Company) consummated its initial public offering (IPO)
of 23,000,000 units (the Units), including 3,000,000 Units issued pursuant to the full exercise of the underwriters
over-allotment option. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Class
A Ordinary Shares), and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Class A Ordinary Share upon the consummation of the
Companys initial business combination (each, a Share Right). The Units were sold at a price of $10.00
per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of $230,000,000.

Simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO, the Company completed the private sale (the Private Placement) of an aggregate of 600,000
Units (the Private Placement Units). 400,000 Private Placement Units were sold to VO Sponsor II, LLC,
the Companys sponsor, and 200,000 Private Placement Units were sold to Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., in each case at a purchase
price of $10.00 per Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of $6,000,000.

A total of $230,000,000,
or $10.00 per Unit, comprised of the net proceeds from the IPO (which amount includes $10,950,000 of the underwriters deferred
discount) and the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Units, was placed in a U.S.-based trust account maintained by Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as trustee.

An audited balance sheet
as of April 3, 2025, reflecting the receipt of the proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement has been issued by the Company and
is included as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

99.1 Audited Balance Sheet as of April 3, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

1

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

SIZZLE ACQUISITION CORP. II

By: /s/ Steve Salis

Name: Steve Salis

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Dated: April 9, 2025 

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023762301ex99-1_sizzleacq2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AUDITED BALANCE SHEET AS OF APRIL 3, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Sizzle Acquisition Corp. II

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

Page

Financial Statement of Sizzle Acquisition Corp. II: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2

Balance Sheet as of April 3, 2025 F-3

Notes to Financial Statement F-4

F-1

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of

Sizzle Acquisition Corp. II

Opinion on the Financial Statement

We have audited the accompanying balance
sheet of Sizzle Acquisition Corp. II (the Company) as of April 3, 2025, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the financial statement). In our opinion, the financial statement presents fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of April 3, 2025, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis for Opinion

This financial statement is the responsibility
of the Companys management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Companys financial statement based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance
with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statement is free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entitys
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audit included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statement, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statement. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statement. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ WithumSmith+Brown, PC

We have served as the Companys
auditor since 2024.

New York, New York

April 9, 2025

F-2

Sizzle Acquisition Corp. II

BALANCE SHEET

April 3, 2025

Assets: 

Current assets 

Due from Sponsor $ 2,000,000 

Prepaid expenses 3,500 

Total current assets 2,003,500 

Cash held in Trust Account 230,000,000 

Total Assets $ 232,003,500 

Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption, and Shareholders Deficit: 

Current liabilities 

Accrued offering costs $ 350,812 

Accrued expenses 86,060 

Promissory note related party 306,752 

Total current liabilities 743,624 

Deferred underwriting fee 10,950,000 

Total Liabilities 11,693,624 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, $0.0001 par value; 23,000,000 shares at redemption value of $10.00 per share 230,000,000 

Shareholders Deficit 

Preference shares, $0.0001 par value; 5,000,000 shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 500,000,000 shares authorized; 600,000 shares issued and outstanding (excluding 23,000,000 shares subject to possible redemption) 60 

Class B ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 50,000,000 shares authorized; 7,666,667 shares issued and outstanding 767 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit (9,690,951 )

Total Shareholders Deficit (9,690,124 )

Total Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption, and Shareholders Deficit $ 232,003,500 

F-3

Sizzle Acquisition Corp. II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

APRIL 3, 2025

Note 1 Organization
and Business Operations

Sizzle Acquisition Corp. II (the
Company) is a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on July 8, 2024. The Company was
incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or
similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination). The Company has not selected any specific
Business Combination target and the Company has not, nor has anyone on its behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions, directly or
indirectly, with any Business Combination target with respect to an initial Business Combination with the Company.

As of April 3, 2025, the Company had
not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from July 8, 2024 (inception) through April 3, 2025 relates to the Companys
formation and the initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering), which is described below. The Company will not
generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate
non-operating income in the form of interest income on investments from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. The Company
has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end.

The registration statement for the
Companys Initial Public Offering was declared effective on April 1, 2025. On April 3, 2025, the Company consummated the Initial
Public Offering of 23,000,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being
offered, the Public Shares), which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the
amount of 3,000,000 Units, at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $230,000,000. Each Unit consists of one Public Share and one
right (Right) to receive one tenth (1/10) of a Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial Business Combination
(Public Right).

Simultaneously with the closing of
the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 600,000 units (the Private Placement Units) at a price
of $10.00 per Private Placement Unit, in a private placement to the Companys sponsor, VO Sponsor II, LLC (the Sponsor),
and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. (Cantor), the representative of the underwriters, generating gross proceeds of $6,000,000.
Each Private Placement Unit consists of one Private Placement Share and one Right to receive one tenth (1/10) of a Class A ordinary share
upon the consummation of an initial Business Combination (Private Placement Right). Of those 600,000 Private Placement Units,
the Sponsor purchased 400,000 Private Placement Units and Cantor purchased 200,000 Private Placement Units.

Transaction costs amounted to $15,554,267,
consisting of $4,000,000 of cash underwriting fee, $10,950,000 of deferred underwriting fee, and $604,267 of other offering costs.

The Companys management has
broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement
Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be generally applied toward consummating a Business Combination
(less deferred underwriting commissions).

The Companys Business Combination
must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the net balance in the Trust
Account (as defined below) (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held and taxes payable on the income earned on the
Trust Account) at the time of the signing an agreement to enter into a Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a
Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the
target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act). There is no assurance that
the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination.

Following the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, on April 3, 2025, an amount of $230,000,000 ($10.00 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units and the
Private Placement Units, was placed in the trust account (the Trust Account), with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust
Company acting as trustee. The funds are initially to be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of
185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which
invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations; the holding of these assets in this form is intended to be temporary
and for the sole purpose of facilitating the intended Business Combination. To mitigate the risk that might be deemed to be an investment
company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, which risk increases the longer that the Company holds investments in the Trust Account,
the Company may, at any time (based on management teams ongoing assessment of all factors related to the potential status under
the Investment Company Act), instruct the trustee to liquidate the investments held in the Trust Account and instead to hold the funds
in the Trust Account in cash or in an interest bearing demand deposit account at a bank. Except with respect to interest earned on the
funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes, if any, the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering
and the sale of the Private Placement Units will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (i) the completion
of the Companys initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption of the Companys public shares if the Company is
unable to complete the initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or by such
earlier liquidation date as the board of directors may approve (the Completion Window), subject to applicable law, or (iii) the
redemption of the Companys public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Companys
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (A) modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation
to allow redemption in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the Companys public shares if the
Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within the Completion Window or (B) with respect to any other material
provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account
could become subject to the claims of the Companys creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the Companys
public shareholders.

F-4

Sizzle Acquisition Corp. II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

APRIL 3, 2025

Note 1 Organization
and Business Operations (cont.)

The Company will provide the Companys
public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of the initial Business
Combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the initial Business Combination or (ii) without
a shareholder vote by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a proposed initial
Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The public shareholders will be
entitled to redeem their shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account
calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, including interest earned
on the funds held in the Trust Account (less taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations.
The amount in the Trust Account is initially valued at $10.00 per public share.

The ordinary shares subject to possible
redemption were recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering,
in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Boards (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC)
Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. In such case, if the Company seeks shareholder approval, a majority
of the issued and outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination.

The Company will have only the duration
of the Completion Window to complete the initial Business Combination. However, if the Company is unable to complete its initial Business
Combination within the Completion Window, the Company will as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days
thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust
Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (less taxes payable and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution
expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will constitute full and complete payment for the
public shares and completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation
or other distributions, if any), subject to the Companys obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors
and subject to the other requirements of applicable law.

The Sponsor, officers and directors
have entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with
respect to their founder shares, private placement shares and public shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business
Combination; (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, private placement shares and public shares
in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association;
(iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their founder shares and private placement
shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion Window, although they will be entitled
to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial
Business Combination within the Completion Window and to liquidating distributions from assets outside the Trust Account; and (iv) vote
any founder shares and private placement shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering
(including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of an initial Business Combination (except that any public shares
such parties may purchase in compliance with the requirements of Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act would not be voted in favor
of approving the Business Combination transaction).

The Companys Sponsor has agreed
that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the
Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other
similar agreement or Business Combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) $10.00
per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the
Trust Account, if less than $10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such
liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to
the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Companys
indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). However, the Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such
indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity
obligations and the Company believes that the Sponsors only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore, the Company cannot
assure that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations.

F-5

Sizzle Acquisition Corp. II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

APRIL 3, 2025

Note 2 Significant
Accounting Policies

Basis of Presentation

The accompanying financial statement
is presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP)
and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC).

Liquidity

The Companys liquidity needs
up to April 3, 2025 had been satisfied through the loan under an unsecured promissory note from the Sponsor of up to $500,000 (see Note
5). As of April 3, 2025, the Company had no cash and a working capital of $1,259,876.

In order to fund working capital
deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or
certain of the Companys officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required
(Working Capital Loans). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay such loaned amounts
at that time. Up to $1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be converted into units of the post-Business Combination entity at
a price of $10.00 per unit. The units would be identical to the Private Placement Units. As of April 3, 2025, the Company had no
borrowings under the Working Capital Loans.

In connection with the Companys
assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2014-15,Disclosures
of Uncertainties about an Entitys Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, the Company does not believe it will need to raise
additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating its business. However, if the estimate of the costs of identifying
a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary
to do so, the Company may have insufficient funds available to operate its business prior to the initial Business Combination. Management
has determined that upon the receipt of the amount due from Sponsor (see Note 9), the Company has sufficient funds to finance the working
capital needs of the Company within one year from the date of issuance of the financial statement.

Emerging Growth Company Status

The Company is an emerging
growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart our Business Startups
Act of 2012, (the JOBS Act), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements
that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required
to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding
executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory
vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of
the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until
private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class
of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The
JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to
non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended
transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies,
the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised
standard. This may make comparison of the Companys financial statement with another public company which is neither an emerging
growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because
of the potential differences in accounting standards used.

F-6

Sizzle Acquisition Corp. II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

APRIL 3, 2025

Note 2 Significant
Accounting Policies (cont.)

Use of Estimates

The preparation of the financial statement
in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statement.

Making estimates requires management
to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set
of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statement, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change
in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly from those estimates.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

The Company considers all short-term
investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company had no cash and
cash equivalents as of April 3, 2025.

Cash Held in Trust Account

As of April 3, 2025, the assets held
in the Trust Account, amounting to $230,000,000, were held in cash.

Concentration of Credit Risk

Financial instruments that potentially
subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution, which, at times, may exceed
the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation coverage limit of $250,000. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have a
significant adverse impact on the Companys financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. As of April 3, 2025, the
Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts.

Offering Costs

The Company complies with the requirements
of the ASC 340-10-S99 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A, Expenses of Offering. Offering costs consist principally
of professional and registration fees that are related to the Initial Public Offering. FASB ASC 470-20, Debt with Conversion and
Other Options, addresses the allocation of proceeds from the issuance of convertible debt into its equity and debt components.
The Company applies this guidance to allocate Initial Public Offering proceeds from the Units between Class A ordinary shares and Rights,
using the residual method by allocating Initial Public Offering proceeds first to the assigned value of the Rights and then to the Class
A ordinary shares. Offering costs allocated to the Public Shares were charged to temporary equity, and offering costs allocated to Public
Rights and Private Placement Units were charged to shareholders deficit, as the Rights, after managements evaluation, were
accounted for under equity treatment.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The fair value of the Companys
assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,
approximates the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet, primarily due to its short-term nature.

Income Taxes

The Company accounts for income taxes
under ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes, which requires an asset and liability approach to financial accounting and reporting
for income taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed for differences between the financial statement and tax bases
of assets and liabilities that will result in future taxable or deductible amounts, based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to
the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce
deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.

ASC Topic 740 prescribes a recognition
threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be
taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination
by taxing authorities. The Companys management determined that the Cayman Islands is the Companys major tax jurisdiction.
The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. As of April 3, 2025,
there were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties. The Company is currently not aware of any
issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position.

F-7

Sizzle Acquisition Corp. II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

APRIL 3, 2025

Note 2 Significant
Accounting Policies (cont.)

The Company is considered to be an
exempted Cayman Islands company with no connection to any other taxable jurisdiction and is presently not subject to income taxes or income
tax filing requirements in the Cayman Islands or the United States. As such, the Companys tax provision was zero for the period
presented.

Rights

The Company accounted for the Public
and Private Placement Rights issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering and the private placement in accordance with the guidance
contained in FASB ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging. Accordingly, the Company evaluated and classified the Rights
under equity treatment at their assigned values.

Class A Ordinary Shares Subject
to Possible Redemption

The Public Shares contain a redemption
feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Companys liquidation, or if there is a shareholder
vote or tender offer in connection with the Companys initial Business Combination. In accordance with ASC 480-10-S99, the Company
classifies Public Shares subject to redemption outside of permanent equity as the redemption provisions are not solely within the control
of the Company. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and will adjust the carrying value of redeemable
shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Immediately upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering,
the Company recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption value. The change in the carrying value of redeemable shares
will result in charges against additional paid-in capital (to the extent available) and accumulated deficit. Accordingly, as of April
3, 2025, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the
shareholders deficit section of the Companys balance sheet. As of April 3, 2025, the Class A ordinary shares subject to
possible redemption reflected in the balance sheet are reconciled in the following table:

Gross proceeds $ 230,000,000 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Rights (3,404,000 )

Class A ordinary shares issuance costs (15,308,928 )

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 18,712,928 

Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption, April 3, 2025 $ 230,000,000 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In November 2023, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update (ASU) 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures.
The amendments in this ASU require disclosures, on an annual and interim basis, of significant segment expenses that are regularly provided
to the chief operating decision maker (CODM), as well as the aggregate amount of other segment items included in the reported
measure of segment profit or loss. The ASU requires that a public entity disclose the title and position of the CODM and an explanation
of how the CODM uses the reported measure(s) of segment profit or loss in assessing segment performance and deciding how to allocate resources.
Public entities will be required to provide all annual disclosures currently required by Topic 280 in interim periods, and entities with
a single reportable segment are required to provide all the disclosures required by the amendments in this ASU and existing segment disclosures
in Topic 280. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted ASU 2023-07 on July 8, 2024, date of incorporation.

Management does not believe that any
other recently issued, but not effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Companys
financial statement.

Note 3 Initial Public Offering

Pursuant to the Initial Public Offering
on April 3, 2025, the Company sold 23,000,000 Units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment
option amounting to 3,000,000 Units, at a purchase price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share
and one Public Right to receive one tenth (1/10) of a Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial Business Combination.

Note 4 Private
Placement

Simultaneously with the closing of
the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor and Cantor purchased an aggregate of 600,000 Private Placement Units at a price of $10.00
per Private Placement Unit in a private placement. Each Private Placement Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one Private
Placement Right to receive one tenth (1/10) of a Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial Business Combination. Of those
600,000 Private Placement Units, the Sponsor purchased 400,000 Private Placement Units and Cantor purchased 200,000 Private Placement
Units. The Private Placement Units are identical to the units sold in Initial Public Offering, subject to certain limited exceptions.

F-8

Sizzle Acquisition Corp. II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

APRIL 3, 2025

Note 5 Related
Party Transactions

Founder Shares

On July 16, 2024, the Sponsor
made a capital contribution of $25,000, or approximately $0.003 per share, for which the Company issued 7,666,667 founder shares to the
Sponsor. Up to 1,000,000 of the founder shares may be surrendered by the Sponsor for no consideration depending on the extent to which
the underwriters over-allotment is exercised. On April 3, 2025, the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in full
as part of the closing of the Initial Public Offering. As such, the 1,000,000 founder shares are no longer subject to forfeiture.

On March 27, 2025, the Sponsor granted
membership interests equivalent to an aggregate of 140,000 founder shares to the three independent directors of the Company in exchange
for their services as independent directors through the Companys initial Business Combination. The founder shares, represented
by such membership interests, will remain with the Sponsor if the holder of such membership interests is no longer serving the Company
prior to the initial Business Combination. The membership interest assignment of the founder shares to the holders of such interests are
in the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation (ASC 718). Under ASC 718, stock-based
compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the assignment date. The total fair value of the
140,000 founder shares represented by such membership interests assigned to the holders of such interests on March 27, 2025 was $206,780
or $1.477 per share. The Company established the initial fair value founder shares on March 27, 2025, the date of the grant agreement,
using a calculation prepared by a third party valuation team which takes into consideration the market adjustment of 15.0%, a risk free
rate of 4.28% and a stock price of $9.85. The founder shares are classified as Level 3 at the measurement date due to the use of unobservable
inputs, and other risk factors. The membership interests were assigned subject to a performance condition (i.e., providing services through
Business Combination). Stock-based compensation would be recognized at the date a Business Combination is considered probable (i.e., upon
consummation of a Business Combination) in an amount equal to the number of membership interests that ultimately vest times the assignment
date fair value per share (unless subsequently modified) less the amount initially received for the assignment of the membership interests.
As of April 3, 2025, the Company determined that the initial Business Combination is not considered probable and therefore no compensation
expense has been recognized.

The Companys initial shareholders
have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares and any Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion thereof
until the earlier to occur of (i) six months after the completion of the initial Business Combination or (ii) the date
on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction after the initial Business Combination
that results in all of the Companys shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities
or other property. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the Companys initial
shareholders with respect to any founder shares (the Lock-up). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (1) the closing price
of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after the initial Business
Combination or (2) if the Company consummates a transaction after the initial Business Combination which results in the Companys
shareholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other property, the founder shares will be released from
the Lock-up.

Promissory Note Related
Party

The Sponsor had agreed to loan the
Company an aggregate of up to $500,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Initial Public Offering. The loan was non-interest
bearing, unsecured and due at the earlier of June 30, 2025 or the closing of the Initial Public Offering. As of April 3, 2025, the Company
had $306,752 outstanding borrowings under the Note. The Note is now due on demand and borrowings under the Note are no longer allowed.
On April 4, 2025, the Company repaid the total outstanding balance of the Note (see Note 9).

Due from Sponsor

As of April 3, 2025, the Sponsor owes
the Company an aggregate amount of $2,000,000, representing the private placement proceeds to be transferred to the Company once its bank
account has been established. The Sponsor wired an aggregate amount of $1,678,233 to the Company on April 4, 2025 (see Note 9).

Administrative Services Agreement

The Company entered into an agreement
with VO Sponsor II Management, LLC, the managing member of the Sponsor, commencing on April 1, 2025 through the earlier of the Companys
consummation of initial Business Combination and its liquidation, to pay an aggregate of $15,000 per month for office space, utilities,
and secretarial and administrative support services.

Working Capital Loans

In order to finance transaction costs
in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Companys officers and directors
may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (the Working Capital Loans). If the Company completes
a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the
Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds from
the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Up to $1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible
into Private Placement Units of the post Business Combination entity at a price of $10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. The units
would be identical to the Private Placement Units. As of April 3, 2025, no such Working Capital Loans were outstanding.

F-9

Sizzle Acquisition Corp. II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

APRIL 3, 2025

Note 6 Commitments
and Contingencies

Risks and Uncertainties

The United States and global markets
are experiencing volatility and disruption following the geopolitical instability resulting from the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict
and the recent escalation of conflict in the Middle East and Southwest Asia. In response to the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict, the
North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) deployed additional military forces to eastern Europe, and the United States,
the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have announced various sanctions and restrictive actions against Russia, Belarus
and related individuals and entities, including the removal of certain financial institutions from the Society for Worldwide Interbank
Financial Telecommunication payment system. Certain countries, including the United States, have also provided and may continue to provide
military aid or other assistance to Ukraine and to Israel or have undertaken or will undertake military action in Southwest Asia. These
conflicts or escalations, and the resulting measures that have been taken, and could be taken in the future, by NATO, the United States,
the United Kingdom, the European Union, Israel and its neighboring states and other countries, have created global security concerns
that could have an impact on regional and global economies. Although the length and impact of the ongoing conflicts are highly unpredictable,
they could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as well as supply
chain interruptions and increased cyber-attacks against U.S. companies. Additionally, any resulting sanctions could adversely affect
the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets.

Any of the above mentioned factors,
or any other negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the Russian invasion
of Ukraine, the escalation of the conflict in the Middle East and Southwest Asia and subsequent sanctions or related actions, could adversely
affect the Companys search for an initial Business Combination and any target business with which the Company may ultimately consummate
an initial Business Combination.

Registration Rights

The holders of the founder shares,
Private Placement Units (and its component securities) issued in the private placement and that may be issued upon conversion of the Working
Capital Loans will have registration rights to require the Company to register a sale of any of the Companys securities held by
them and any other securities of the Company acquired by them prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination pursuant to
a registration rights agreement signed on the effective date of the Initial Public Offering. The holders of these securities are entitled
to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company registers such securities. In addition, the holders have certain
piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of the initial
Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

Underwriters Agreement

The underwriters have a 45-day option
from the date of the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to an additional 3,000,000 units to cover over-allotments, if any. On
April 3, 2025, the underwriters elected to fully exercise their over-allotment option to purchase an additional 3,000,000 Units at a price
of $10.00 per Unit.

The underwriters were entitled to
a cash underwriting discount of $4,000,000 (2.0% of the gross proceeds of the units offered in the Initial Public Offering, excluding
any proceeds from units sold pursuant to the underwriters over-allotment option), which was paid at the closing of the Initial
Public Offering. Additionally, the underwriters were entitled to a deferred underwriting discount of 4.5% of the gross proceeds of the
Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account other than those sold pursuant to the underwriters over-allotment option and
6.5% of the gross proceeds sold pursuant to the underwriters over-allotment option, $10,950,000 in the aggregate, payable upon
the completion of the Companys initial Business Combination subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement.

Note 7 Shareholders
Deficit

Preference Shares The
Company is authorized to issue a total of 5,000,000 preference shares at par value of $0.0001 each. At April 3, 2025, there were no shares
of preferred shares issued or outstanding.

Class A Ordinary Shares The
Company is authorized to issue a total of 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares at par value of $0.0001 each. As of April 3, 2025,
there were 600,000 Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, excluding the 23,000,000 shares subject to possible redemption.

F-10

Sizzle Acquisition Corp. II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

APRIL 3, 2025

Note 7 Shareholders
Deficit (cont.)

Class B Ordinary Shares The
Company is authorized to issue a total of 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares at par value of $0.0001 each. As of April 3, 2025, there
were 7,666,667 Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding.

The founder shares will automatically
convert into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of the initial Business Combination
or earlier at the option of the holder on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A ordinary
shares, or any other equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts sold in this offering and related
to or in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination, the ratio at which Class B ordinary shares convert into
Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding Class B ordinary shares agree
to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will equal, in the aggregate, 25% of the sum of (i) the total number of all ordinary
shares outstanding upon the completion of this offering (including any Class A ordinary shares issued pursuant to the underwriters
over-allotment option and excluding the securities underlying the Share Rights and the private placement units), plus (ii) all Class A
ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued, in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination
(excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any private
placement-equivalent units issued to the Sponsor or any of its affiliates or to the Companys officers or directors upon conversion
of working capital loans) minus (iii) any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by public shareholders in connection with an
initial Business Combination; provided that such conversion of founder shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis.

Holders of record of the Companys
Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted
on by shareholders. Unless specified in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or as required by the Companies
Act or stock exchange rules, an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law and the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
which requires the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast by such shareholders as, being entitled to do so, vote in
person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at the applicable general meeting of the Company is generally required to approve any matter
voted on by the Companys shareholders. Approval of certain actions requires a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, which
(except as specified below) requires the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes cast by such shareholders as, being entitled
to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at the applicable general meeting, and pursuant to the amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association, such actions include amending the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the
appointment of directors, meaning, following the Companys initial Business Combination, the holders of more than 50% of the ordinary
shares voted for the appointment of directors can elect all of the directors. Prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination,
only holders of the Class B ordinary shares will (i) have the right to vote on the appointment and removal of directors and
(ii) be entitled to vote on continuing the company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (including any special resolution
required to amend the constitutional documents or to adopt new constitutional documents, in each case, as a result of the Company approving
a transfer by way of continuation in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands). Holders of the Class A ordinary shares will not
be entitled to vote on these matters during such time. These provisions of the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
may only be amended if approved by a special resolution passed by the affirmative vote of at least 90% (or, where such amendment is proposed
in respect of the consummation of the initial Business Combination, two-thirds) of the votes cast by such shareholders as, being entitled
to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at the applicable general meeting of the Company.

Rights
Except in cases where the Company is not the surviving company in a Business Combination, each holder of a right will automatically
receive one-tenth (1/10) of one ordinary share upon consummation of the initial Business Combination. The Company will not issue fractional
shares in connection with an exchange of rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest whole share or otherwise
addressed in accordance with the applicable provisions of Cayman law. In the event the Company is not the surviving company upon completion
of the initial business combination, each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively convert his, her or its rights in order
to receive the one-tenth (1/10) of one ordinary share underlying each right upon consummation of the Business Combination. If the Company
is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within the required time period and the Company will redeem the public shares
for the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of rights will not receive any of such funds for their rights and the rights will expire
worthless.

F-11

Sizzle Acquisition Corp. II

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

APRIL 3, 2025

Note 8 Fair Value Measurements

The fair value of the Companys
financial assets and liabilities reflects managements estimate of amounts that the Company would have received in connection with
the sale of the assets or paid in connection with the transfer of the liabilities in an orderly transaction between market participants
at the measurement date. In connection with measuring the fair value of its assets and liabilities, the Company seeks to maximize the
use of observable inputs (market data obtained from independent sources) and to minimize the use of unobservable inputs (internal assumptions
about how market participants would price assets and liabilities). The following fair value hierarchy is used to classify assets and liabilities
based on the observable inputs and unobservable inputs used in order to value the assets and liabilities:

Level 1: Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market for an asset or liability is a market in which transactions for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.

Level 2: Observable inputs other than Level 1 inputs. Examples of Level 2 inputs include quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities and quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.

Level 3: Unobservable inputs based on assessment of the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.

The following table presents information about the Companys equity instruments that are measured at fair value on April 3, 2025,
and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value:

Level April 3, 

2025 

Equity: 

Fair value of Public Rights for ordinary shares subject to possible redemption allocation 3 $ 3,404,000 

The fair value of the Public Rights
issued in the Initial Public Offering is $3,404,000, or $0.148 per Public Right. The Public Rights issued in the Initial Public Offering
have been classified within shareholders deficit and will not require remeasurement after issuance. The following table presents
the quantitative information regarding market assumptions used in the valuation of the Share Rights issued in the Initial Public Offering:

April 3,

2025 

Underlying share price $ 9.84 

Pre-adjusted value per Public Right $ 0.98 

Market adjustment(1) 15.0 %

Fair value per Public Right $ 0.148 

(1) Market
adjustment reflects additional factors not fully captured by low volatility selection, which may include likelihood of Business Combination
occurring, market perception of lack of available or suitable targets, or possible post-acquisition decline of stock price prior to beginning
of the exercise period. The adjustment is determined by comparing traded Public Right prices to simulated model outputs. The market adjustment
was determined by calibrating traded Public Rights prices as of the valuation dates.

Note 9 Subsequent
Events

The Company evaluated subsequent events
and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date that the financial statement was issued. Based upon this
review, other than as noted below, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure
in the financial statement.

On April 4, 2025, the Sponsor wired
an aggregate amount of $1,678,233 to the Company. The amount wired by the Sponsor was derived from the $2,000,000 total amount due from
the Sponsor, offset by the outstanding Note balance of $306,752, with the remaining $15,015 still outstanding due from Sponsor. Borrowings
under the note are no longer available.

F-12
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>szzl-20250403.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>szzl-20250403_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>szzl-20250403_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one right 

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Rights, each right entitling the holder to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of the initial business combination 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>szzl-20250403_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 03, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 03, 2025

Entity File Number 001-42583

Entity Registrant Name Sizzle Acquisition Corp. II

Entity Central Index Key 0002030663

Entity Tax Identification Number 37-2148817

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Address, Address Line One 4201 Georgia Avenue

Entity Address, City or Town NW

Entity Address, State or Province DC

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 20011

City Area Code (202)

Local Phone Number 846-0300

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one right 

Title of 12(b) Security Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one right

Trading Symbol SZZLU

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol SZZL

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Rights, each right entitling the holder to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of the initial business combination 

Title of 12(b) Security Rights, each right entitling the holder to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Class A ordinary share

Trading Symbol SZZLR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=szzl_UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOneRightMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=szzl_ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=szzl_RightsEachRightEntitlingHolderToReceiveOnetenth110OfOneClassOrdinaryShareUponConsummationOfInitialBusinessCombinationMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
4 
23 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://sizzleacq2.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0237623-8k_sizzleacq2.htm 
szzl-20250403.xsd 
szzl-20250403_def.xml 
szzl-20250403_lab.xml 
szzl-20250403_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-030343-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ea0237623-8k_sizzleacq2_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002030663 

2025-04-03 
2025-04-03 

0002030663 

szzl:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOneRightMember 

2025-04-03 
2025-04-03 

0002030663 

szzl:ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-04-03 
2025-04-03 

0002030663 

szzl:RightsEachRightEntitlingHolderToReceiveOnetenth110OfOneClassOrdinaryShareUponConsummationOfInitialBusinessCombinationMember 

2025-04-03 
2025-04-03 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0002030663 
8-K 
2025-04-03 
Sizzle Acquisition Corp. II 
E9 
001-42583 
37-2148817 
4201 Georgia Avenue 
NW 
DC 
20011 
(202) 
846-0300 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one right 
SZZLU 
NASDAQ 
Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 
SZZL 
NASDAQ 
Rights, each right entitling the holder to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Class A ordinary share 
SZZLR 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>