<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-030301.txt : 20250401
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-030301.hdr.sgml : 20250401
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250401085039
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-030301
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250326
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250401
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250401

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Angi Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001705110
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ADVERTISING [7310]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		EIN:				821204801
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38220
		FILM NUMBER:		25796845

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		555 WEST 18TH STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10011
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2123147230

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		555 WEST 18TH STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10011

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ANGI Homeservices Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170504

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Halo TopCo, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170427
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2511010d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-31000170511000017051102025-03-262025-03-26iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 26, 2025

Angi Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Delaware 001-38220 82-1204801

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File No.) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

3601
Walnut Street, Suite
700, Denver, CO 80205

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (303) 963-7200

(Former name or former address, if changed
since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

(Title of each class) (Trading 

Symbol(s)) (Name of each exchange on which

registered)

Class
A Common Stock, par value $0.001 ANGI 

The
Nasdaq
Stock Market LLC

(Nasdaq Global Select Market)

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this
chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 3.03. Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders.

The information set forth
under Item 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K (this Report) is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.03.

Item 5.01. Changes in Control of Registrant.

On March 31, 2025, IAC Inc.
(IAC) completed the previously announced spin-off of Angi Inc. (Angi) by means of a special dividend (the
Distribution) of all of the shares of Angi capital stock held by IAC to the holders of IAC common stock, par value $0.0001
per share (the IAC common stock), and IAC Class B common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the IAC Class B common
stock and together with the IAC common stock, IAC Stock).

Prior to the effective time
of the Distribution, IAC voluntarily converted all of the shares of Angi Class B common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Angi
Class B common stock), that it owned into shares of Angi Class A common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Angi Class
A common stock), on a one-for-one basis. As a result of this conversion, there are no longer any shares of Angi Class B common
stock outstanding, and the only class of Angi capital stock with shares outstanding is the Angi Class A common stock.

The special dividend was paid
by IAC through the distribution of all of the shares of Angi Class A common stock that it held on March 31, 2025 to the holders of record
of IAC Stock as of the close of business on March 25, 2025 (the Record Date), on a pro rata basis. For each share of IAC
Stock held by IAC stockholders as of the Record Date, 0.5251 shares of Angi Class A common stock were distributed. No fractional shares
of Angi Class A common stock were distributed. Instead, IAC stockholders will receive a cash payment in lieu of any fractional share of
Angi Class A common stock that they otherwise would have received.

IAC stockholders were not
required to pay any consideration for the shares of Angi Class A common stock they received in the Distribution, and they were not
required to surrender or exchange shares of their IAC Stock in connection with the Distribution.

Prior to the Distribution,
IAC owned approximately 84% of the outstanding shares of Angi capital stock, and prior to the above-referenced conversion of shares
of Angi Class B common stock into Angi Class A common stock, IAC owned approximately 98% of the voting power of Angi capital stock.
As a result of the Distribution, IAC no longer owns any shares of Angi capital stock and Angi became an independent public company, with
the Angi Class A common stock continuing to trade on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol ANGI.

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

In connection with the closing
of the Distribution, on March 26, 2025, each of Christopher Halpin, Kendall F. Handler and Mark Stein notified Angi of his or her respective
resignation from the Angi board of directors, effective as of March 31, 2025. The resignations were not due to any disagreement with Angi.

As a result of these director
resignations, the Angi board of directors reduced the size of the board to ten directors effective as of the Effective Time (as defined
in Item 5.03 below). In addition, pursuant to the Charter Amendment (as defined in Item 5.03 below), effective as of the Effective Time,
the Angi board of directors was divided into three classes designated as Class I, Class II and Class III, each consisting of approximately
one-third of the total number of directors constituting the Angi board of directors. Directors initially designated as Class I directors
will serve for an initial term expiring at Angis 2025 annual meeting of stockholders. Directors initially designated as Class II
directors will serve for an initial term expiring at Angis 2026 annual meeting of stockholders. Directors initially designated
as Class III directors will serve for an initial term expiring at Angis 2027 annual meeting of stockholders. Effective as of the
Effective Time, the Angi board of directors assigned the remaining directors (after the above-referenced resignations) to the following
classes:

(i) Class I: Thomas R. Evans, Alesia J. Haas, Jeffrey W.
Kip and Joseph Levin;

(ii) Class II: Sandra Buchanan, Thomas C. Pickett Jr. and
Glenn H. Schiffman; and

(iii) Class III: Angela R. Hicks Bowman, Jeremy G. Philips
and Suzy Welch.

As
previously disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Angi on January 13, 2025, Joseph Levin, the Chairman of the Angi board of
directors, was elected by the Angi board of directors to serve as Executive Chairman of the Angi board of directors, which appointment
became effective on March 31, 2025, the date of the Distribution. In the role of Executive Chairman, Mr. Levin will receive a base salary
of $350,000 and will be eligible to receive discretionary annual cash bonuses. He will also be provided with an executive assistant and
will participate in Angis health and welfare benefits plan. Mr. Levin will also enter into a non-competition agreement whereby
he will agree not to compete with Angi until the later of (i) two years from the date of his appointment as Executive Chairman and (ii)
the date he no longer serves as Executive Chairman.

Effective as of March 26,
2025, the Angi board of directors authorized and approved the formation of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Angi
board of directors (the Governance Committee) and appointed each of Glenn H. Schiffman and Thomas C. Pickett Jr. to serve
on the Governance Committee, with Glenn H. Schiffman appointed as the Chair.

Item 5.03. Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

On March 31, 2025, Angi filed
a Certificate of Amendment (the Charter Amendment) to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended,
with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, which became effective as of 4:31 p.m. Eastern Time, on March 31, 2025 (the Effective
Time), to (i) provide for the Angi board of directors to be classified until Angis 2032 annual meeting of stockholders,
(ii) provide that Angi stockholders must take action at a meeting of stockholders and may not act by written consent in lieu of a meeting,
and (iii) make Angi subject to Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware relating to limitations on business
combinations with interested stockholders.

Concurrently with the effectiveness
of the Charter Amendment at the Effective Time, an amendment (the Bylaw Amendment) to Angis Amended and Restated
Bylaws became effective, which Bylaw Amendment provides that vacancies and newly created directorships on the Angi board of directors
may be filled only by the Angi board of directors.

The foregoing
description of the Charter Amendment and the Bylaw Amendment does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the Charter Amendment and the Amended and Restated Bylaws of Angi, as amended by the Bylaw Amendment. Copies of the
Charter Amendment and the Amended and Restated Bylaws of Angi, as amended by the Bylaw Amendment (which appears in Article III,
Section 3 thereof), are being filed as Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2, respectively, to this Report and are incorporated herein by
reference.

Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

A copy of a joint press release
issued by IAC and Angi on April 1, 2025, announcing the completion of the Distribution, is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Report and
is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit

3.1 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Angi Inc.

3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Angi Inc., as amended effective March 31, 2025.

99.1 Press Release, dated as of April 1, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

ANGI INC.

By: /s/ Shannon M. Shaw

Name: Shannon M. Shaw

Title: Chief Legal Officer

Date: April 1, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm2511010d1_ex3-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT

OF

AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF

ANGI INC.

Pursuant to Section 242

of the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware

Angi Inc., a corporation duly
organized and existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the Corporation), does hereby certify
that:

1. Article
XII of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation is hereby amended in its entirety as follows:

ARTICLE XII

(A) Except
as otherwise provided for or fixed pursuant to the provisions of Article IV (including any certificate of designation with respect to
any series of Preferred Stock), the total number of directors constituting the whole Board shall be determined from time to time exclusively
by resolution adopted by the Board of Directors. The directors (other than those directors elected by the holders of any series of Preferred
Stock, voting separately as a series or together with one or more other such series, as the case may be) shall be divided into three classes
designated Class I, Class II and Class III. Class I directors shall initially serve for a term expiring at the 2025 annual meeting of
stockholders, Class II directors shall initially serve for a term expiring at the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders and Class III directors
shall initially serve for a term expiring at the 2027 annual meeting of stockholders. The Board of Directors is authorized to assign members
of the Board already in office to their respective class. At each annual meeting of stockholders commencing with the 2025 annual meeting
of stockholders, the directors of the class to be elected at each annual meeting of stockholders shall be elected for a three-year term;
provided, however, that commencing with the 2030 annual meeting of stockholders, (i) the directors of the class to be elected at the 2030
annual meeting shall be elected for a term expiring at the next annual meeting of stockholders, and (ii) the directors of the classes
to be elected at the 2031 annual meeting shall be elected for a term expiring at the next annual meeting of stockholders. Commencing with
the 2032 annual meeting of stockholders, the Board of Directors shall no longer be classified and all directors shall thereafter be elected
for a one-year term. Any director elected to fill a vacancy or newly created directorship resulting from an increase in the size of the
Board shall hold office for a term that shall coincide with the term of the class into which the director is elected. Each director shall
hold office until the annual meeting at which his or her term expires and until his or her successor shall be elected and qualified, or
his or her earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal from office, provided, however, that if no successor is
being nominated for a director whose term is expiring at an annual meeting and the size of the Board of Directors is being reduced at
such annual meeting, such directors term shall end at such annual meeting and such director shall not hold over until a successor
is elected and qualified.

(B) Subject
to the rights granted to the holders of any one or more series of Preferred Stock then outstanding, any newly-created directorship on
the Board of Directors that results from an increase in the number of directors and any vacancy occurring in the Board of Directors shall
be filled only by a majority of the directors then in office (other than directors elected by the holders of any series of Preferred Stock,
by voting separately as a series or together with one or more series, as the case may be) (and not by stockholders), although less than
a quorum, or by any such sole remaining director.

-1-

2. Article
XIV of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation is hereby amended in its entirety as follows:

ARTICLE XIV

Any action required or permitted
to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders may be taken only upon the vote of stockholders at an annual or special meeting
duly noticed and called in accordance with the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as amended from time to time, and this
Article XIV and may not be taken by written consent of stockholders without a meeting.

3. The
foregoing amendments to the Restated Certificate were duly adopted in accordance with the provisions of Sections 228 and 242 of the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

4. This
Certificate of Amendment, and the amendments effected hereby, shall become effective at 4:31 p.m. Eastern Time on March 31, 2025.

[Signature Page Follows]

-2-

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
has executed this Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation on this 31st day of March,
2025.

ANGI INC.

By: /s/ Shannon Shaw

Name: Shannon Shaw

Title: Chief Legal Officer & Secretary

-3-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm2511010d1_ex3-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.2

AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS

OF

ANGI INC.

(As Amended Effective March 31, 2025)

ARTICLE I

OFFICES

Section 1. Registered
Office. The registered office of Angi Inc. (the Corporation) shall be established and maintained at the office
of The Corporation Trust Company at 1209 Orange Street, in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware 19801, and
said Corporation Trust Company shall be the registered agent of the Corporation in charge thereof.

Section 2. Other
Offices. The Corporation may also have offices at such other places, both within and without the State of Delaware, as the board
of directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors) may from time to time determine or the business of the Corporation
may require.

ARTICLE II

STOCKHOLDERS

Section 1. Place
of Meeting. Meetings of stockholders may be held at such place, either within or without the State of Delaware, as may be designated
by the Board of Directors. If no designation is made, the place of the meeting shall be the principal office of the Corporation.

Section 2. Annual
Meeting. The annual meeting of the stockholders shall be held at such date and time as may be fixed by resolution of the Board
of Directors.

Section 3. Special
Meetings. Special meetings of the stockholders may be called by the Chairman of the Board or a majority of the Board of Directors.

Section 4. Notice
of Stockholder Business and Nominations.

(A) At
any annual meeting of the stockholders, only such nominations of individuals for election to the Board of Directors shall be made, and
only such other business shall be conducted or considered, as shall have been properly brought before the meeting. For nominations to
be properly made at an annual meeting, and for other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting, such nominations and other
business must be: (a) specified in the Corporations notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction
of the Board of Directors; (b) otherwise made at the annual meeting by or at the direction of the Board of Directors; or (c) otherwise
properly requested to be brought before the annual meeting by a stockholder of the Corporation in accordance with this Section 4
of these Bylaws. For nominations of individuals for election to the Board of Directors or other business to be properly requested by a
stockholder to be made at or brought before an annual meeting pursuant to clause (c) above, a stockholder must: (i) be a stockholder of
record at the time of giving of notice of such annual meeting by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, on the record date for
determination of stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting, and at the time of the annual meeting; (ii) be entitled to vote at such
annual meeting; and (iii) comply with the procedures set forth in these Bylaws as to such nomination or other business. Clause (c) of
this Section 4 shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to make nominations and such clause (c) shall be the exclusive means
for a stockholder to bring other business (other than matters properly brought under Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange
Act) and included in the Corporations notice of meeting) before an annual meeting of stockholders.

(B) To
be timely, a stockholders notice shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not
earlier than the close of business on the one hundred and twentieth (120th) day and not
later than the close of business on the ninetieth (90th) day prior to the first anniversary
of the preceding years annual meeting; provided, however, that in the event that no annual meeting was held in the
previous year or the date of the annual meeting is more than thirty (30) days before or more than sixty (60) days after such anniversary
date, notice by the stockholder must be so delivered not earlier than the close of business on the one hundred and twentieth (120th)
day prior to the date of such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the ninetieth (90th)
day prior to the date of such annual meeting or, if the first public announcement of the date of such annual meeting is less than one
hundred (100) days prior to the date of such annual meeting, the tenth (10th) day following
the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made by the Corporation. In no event shall any adjournment,
recess, rescheduling or postponement of an annual meeting, or the public announcement thereof, commence a new time period for the giving
of a stockholders notice as described above. For the avoidance of doubt, a stockholder shall not be entitled to make additional
or substitute nominations following the expiration of the time periods set forth in these Bylaws. For purposes of these Bylaws, public
announcement shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by a national news service or in a document publicly filed by the
Corporation with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder (or any successors thereto).

-2-

(C) To
be in proper form, a stockholders notice pursuant to this Section 4 must include the following, as applicable:

(1) As
to the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made or business is brought,
as applicable, a stockholders notice must set forth: (i) the name and address of such stockholder, as they appear on the Corporations
books, of such beneficial owner, if any, and any persons that are acting in concert therewith; (ii) a representation that the stockholder
giving the notice is a holder of record of outstanding stock entitled to vote at the annual meeting, will continue to be a stockholder
of record of outstanding stock entitled to vote at such meeting through the date of such meeting and intends to appear in person or by
proxy at the meeting to make such nomination or to propose such business; (iii) (a) the class or series and number of shares of the Corporation
which are, directly or indirectly, owned of record and owned beneficially by such stockholder, such beneficial owner and their respective
affiliates or associates, or others acting in concert therewith, (b) any option, warrant, convertible security, stock appreciation right,
or similar right with an exercise or conversion privilege or a settlement payment or mechanism at a price related to any security of the
Corporation or with a value derived, in whole or in part, from the value of any security of the Corporation, or any derivative or synthetic
arrangement having the characteristics of a long position in any security of the Corporation, or any contract, derivative, swap or other
transaction or series of transactions designed to produce economic benefits and risks that correspond substantially to the ownership of
any security of the Corporation, including due to the fact that the value of such contract, derivative, swap or other transaction or series
of transactions is determined by reference to the price, value or volatility of any security of the Corporation, whether or not such instrument,
contract or right shall be subject to settlement in the underlying securities of the Corporation, through the delivery of cash or other
property, or otherwise, and without regard to whether the stockholder of record, the beneficial owner, if any, or any of their respective
affiliates or associates, or others acting in concert therewith, may have entered into transactions that hedge or mitigate the economic
effect of such instrument, contract or right, or any other direct or indirect opportunity to profit or share in any profit derived from
any increase or decrease in the value of securities of the Corporation (any of the foregoing, a Derivative Instrument)
directly or indirectly owned beneficially by such stockholder, the beneficial owner, if any, or any of their respective affiliates or
associates, or others acting in concert therewith, (c) any proxy, contract, arrangement, understanding, or relationship pursuant to which
such stockholder, such beneficial owner or any of their respective affiliates or associates, or others acting in concert therewith has
or pursuant to any proxy, contract, understanding or relationship may acquire any right to vote any security of the Corporation, (d) any
agreement, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, including any repurchase or similar so-called stock borrowing
agreement or arrangement, involving such stockholder, such beneficial owner or any of their respective affiliates or associates, or others
acting in concert therewith, directly or indirectly, the intent, purpose or effect of which may be to mitigate loss to, transfer to or
from any such person, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership, or reduce the economic risk (of ownership or
otherwise) of any security of the Corporation by, manage the risk of share price changes for, or increase or decrease the voting power
of, such stockholder, such beneficial owner or any of their respective affiliates or associates, or others acting in concert therewith,
with respect to any security of the Corporation, or which provides, directly or indirectly, the opportunity to profit or share in any
profit derived from any decrease in the price or value of any securities of the Corporation (any of the foregoing, a Short Interest);
(e) any rights to dividends on the shares of the Corporation owned beneficially by such stockholder, such beneficial owner or any of their
respective affiliates or associates, or others acting in concert therewith, that are separated or separable from the underlying shares
of the Corporation; (f) any proportionate interest in securities of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments held, directly or indirectly,
by a general or limited partnership or similar entity in which such stockholder, such beneficial owner or any of their respective affiliates
or associates, or others acting in concert therewith, is a general partner or, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns an interest in
a general partner or is the manager or managing member or, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns any interest in the manager or managing
member of such general or limited partnership or similar entity; (g) any performance-related fees (other than an asset-based fee) that
such stockholder, such beneficial owner or any of their respective affiliates or associates, or others acting in concert therewith, is
entitled to based on any increase or decrease in the value of securities of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments or Short Interests,
if any; (h) any direct or indirect interest, including significant equity interests or any Derivative Instruments or Short Interests in
any principal competitor of the Corporation held by such stockholder, such beneficial owner or any of their respective affiliates or associates,
or others acting in concert therewith and (i) any direct or indirect interest of such stockholder, such beneficial owner and their respective
affiliates or associates, or others acting in concert therewith, in any contract with, or any litigation involving, the Corporation, any
affiliate of the Corporation or any principal competitor of the Corporation (including, in any such case, any employment agreement, collective
bargaining agreement or consulting agreement) (sub-clauses (a) through (i) above of this Section 4(C)(1) shall be referred, collectively,
as the Ownership Information); (iv) if any such stockholder, such beneficial owner or any of their respective affiliates
or associates, or others acting in concert therewith, intends to engage in a solicitation with respect to a nomination or other business
pursuant to this Section 4, a statement disclosing the name of each participant in such solicitation (as defined in Item 4 of Schedule
14A under the Exchange Act) and if involving a nomination, a representation that such stockholder, such beneficial owner or any of their
respective affiliates or associates, or others acting in concert, therewith intends to deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy to
holders of at least sixty-seven percent (67%) of the outstanding stock entitled to vote on the election of directors; (v) a certification
that each such stockholder, such beneficial owner or any of their respective affiliates or associates, or others acting in concert therewith,
has complied with all applicable federal, state and other legal requirements in connection with its acquisition of shares or other securities
of the Corporation and such persons acts or omissions as a stockholder of the Corporation; (vi) the names and addresses of other
stockholders (including beneficial owners) known by any such stockholder, such beneficial owner or any of their respective affiliates
or associates, or others acting in concert therewith, to financially or otherwise materially support (it being understood, for example,
that statement of an intent to vote for, or delivery of a revocable proxy to such proponent, does not require disclosure under this section,
but solicitation of other stockholders by such supporting stockholder would require disclosure under this section) such nomination(s)
or proposal(s), and to the extent known the class and number of all shares of the Corporations capital stock owned beneficially
or of record by, and any other information contemplated by clause (iii) of this Section 4(C)(1) with respect to, such other stockholder(s)
or other beneficial owner(s); (vii) all information that would be required to be set forth in a Schedule 13D filed pursuant to Rule 13d-1(a)
or an amendment pursuant to Rule 13d-2(a) if such a statement were required to be filed under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder by such stockholder, such beneficial owner and their respective affiliates or associates, or others acting in concert
therewith, if any; and (viii) any other information relating to such stockholder, such beneficial owner or any of their respective affiliates
or associates or others acting in concert therewith, if any, that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement and form or proxy
or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for, as applicable, the business proposal and/or for
the election of directors in a contested election pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder;

-3-

(2) If
the notice includes any business other than a nomination of a director or directors that the stockholder proposes to bring before the
meeting, a stockholders notice must, in addition to the matters set forth in Section 4(C)(1) also set forth: (i) a brief description
of the business desired to be brought before the meeting, the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting and any material interest
of such stockholder, such beneficial owner and each of their respective affiliates or associates or others acting in concert therewith,
if any, in such business; (ii) the text of the business proposal (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and,
in the event that such proposal includes a proposal to amend the By-Laws of the Corporation, the text of the proposed amendment); and
(iii) a description of all agreements, arrangements and understandings between such stockholder, such beneficial owner and each of their
respective affiliates or associates or others acting in concert therewith, if any, on the one hand, and any other person or persons (including
their names), on the other hand, in connection with the business proposal by such stockholder;

(3) As
to each individual, if any, whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection to the Board of Directors, a stockholders
notice must, in addition to the matters set forth in Section 4(C)(1), also set forth: (i) the name, age, business and residence address
of such person; (ii) the principal occupation or employment of such person (present and for the past five (5) years); (iii) the completed
and signed questionnaire, representation, agreement which shall be provided by the Corporation, upon request, by the stockholder giving
notice; (iv) all information relating to such individual that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings
required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors in a contested election pursuant to Section
14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (including such individuals written consent to being
named in a proxy statement as a nominee) and a written statement of intent to serve as a director for the full term if elected; and (v)
a description of all direct and indirect compensation and other material monetary agreements, arrangements and understandings during the
past three (3) years, and any other material relationships, between or among such stockholder and beneficial owner, if any, and their
respective affiliates and associates, or others acting in concert therewith, on the one hand, and each proposed nominee, and his or her
respective affiliates and associates, or others acting in concert therewith, on the other hand, including, without limitation, all biographical
and related party transaction and other information that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 404 promulgated under Regulation
S-K if the stockholder making the nomination and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made, if any, or any affiliate
or associate thereof or person acting in concert therewith, were the registrant for purposes of such rule and the nominee
were a director or executive officer of such registrant;

(4) In
addition, to be considered timely, a stockholders notice shall further be updated and supplemented, if necessary, so that the information
provided or required to be provided in such notice shall be true and correct as of the record date for determining the stockholders of
record entitled to notice of the meeting (or any adjournment, recess, rescheduling or postponement thereof) and as of the date that is
ten (10) days prior to the meeting (or any adjournment, recess, rescheduling or postponement thereof), and such update and supplement
shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than (a) the later of (i) ten (10)
days after the record date for determining the stockholders of record entitled to notice of the meeting (or any adjournment, recess, rescheduling
or postponement thereof) or (ii) the first public announcement of the date of notice of such record date in the case of the update and
supplement required to be made as of the record date, and (b) not later than five (5) days prior to the date for the meeting (or any adjournment,
recess, rescheduling or postponement thereof) in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of ten (10) days prior to
the meeting or any adjournment, recess, rescheduling or postponement thereof. The obligation to update and supplement as set forth in
this paragraph or any other section of these Bylaws shall not limit the Corporations rights with respect to any deficiencies in
any notice provided by a stockholder, extend any applicable deadlines hereunder to amend or update any nomination or business proposal
or to submit any new nomination or business proposal, including by changing or adding nominees, matters, business and or resolutions proposed
to be brought before a meeting of the stockholders. In addition, if the stockholder giving the notice has delivered to the Corporation
a notice relating to the nomination of directors, the stockholder giving the notice shall deliver to the Corporation no later than five
(5) business days prior to the date of the meeting or, if practicable, any adjournment, recess, rescheduling or postponement thereof (or,
if not practicable, on the first practicable date prior to the date to which the meeting has been adjourned, recessed, rescheduled, or
postponed) reasonable evidence that it has complied with the requirements of Rule 14a-19 of the Exchange Act.

-4-

(5) The
Corporation may also, as a condition to any such nomination or business being deemed properly brought before an annual meeting, require
any stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or business proposal, as applicable,
is made, or any proposed nominee to deliver to the Secretary, within five (5) business days of any such request, such other information
as may reasonably be required by the Corporation or its Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, to determine (a) the eligibility of
such proposed nominee to serve as a director of the Corporation, (b) whether such nominee qualifies as an independent director
or audit committee financial expert under applicable law, securities exchange rule or regulation, or any publicly disclosed
corporate governance guideline or committee charter of the Corporation or (c) such other information that the Board of Directors determines,
in its sole discretion, could be material to a reasonable stockholders understanding of the independence, or lack thereof, of such
nominee. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, only persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in these
Bylaws shall be eligible for election as directors; and

(D) Notwithstanding
the provisions of these Bylaws, a stockholder giving the notice shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act
and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in this Bylaw; provided, however, that any
references in these Bylaws to the Exchange Act or the rules promulgated thereunder are not intended to and shall not limit the separate
and additional requirements set forth in these Bylaws with respect to nominations or proposals as to any other business to be considered.

Section 5. Notice.
Written notice stating the date, time and place, if any, of the meeting, the means of remote communication, if any, by which stockholders
and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, and in case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes
thereof, shall be given to each stockholder entitled to vote thereat not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days prior thereto,
either personally or by mail, facsimile, telegraph or other means of electronic communication, addressed to each stockholder at his address
as it appears on the records of the Corporation; provided that notices to stockholders who share an address may be given in the
manner permitted by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be delivered when
deposited in the United States mail so addressed, with postage thereon prepaid. If notice be by facsimile, telegram, or other means of
electronic communication, such notice shall be deemed to be given at the time provided in the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware. Such further notice shall be given as may be required by law. Meetings may be held without notice if all stockholders entitled
to vote are present (unless any such stockholders are present for the purpose of objecting to the meeting as lawfully called or convened),
or if notice is waived by those not present. Any previously scheduled meeting of the stockholders may be postponed, and (unless the Certificate
of Incorporation otherwise provides) any special meeting of the stockholders may be canceled, by resolution of the Board of Directors
upon public notice given prior to the time previously scheduled for such meeting of stockholders.

Section 6. Adjourned
Meetings. The Chairman of the meeting or a majority of the voting power of the shares so represented may adjourn the meeting from
time to time, whether or not there is a quorum. When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place, except as required by law, notice
of the adjourned meeting need not be given if the time, place, if any, thereof and the means of remote communication, if any, by which
stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, are announced at the meeting at which the
adjournment is taken, if the adjournment is for not more than thirty (30) days, and if no new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting.
At the adjourned meeting the Corporation may transact any business that might have been transacted at the original meeting.

Section 7. Quorum.
Except as otherwise required by law, the holders of shares representing a majority of the voting power of the Corporation entitled to
vote, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders for the transaction of
business; provided, however, that where a separate vote by a class or series or classes or series is required, a majority
of the outstanding shares of such class or series or classes or series shall constitute a quorum with respect to such vote. If a quorum
shall not be present or represented at any meeting of the stockholders, the stockholders entitled to vote thereat, present in person or
represented by proxy, shall have the power to adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting,
until a quorum shall be present or represented. If at such adjourned meeting, a quorum shall be present or represented, any business may
be transacted that might have been transacted at the meeting as originally notified.

-5-

Section 8. Voting
and Proxies. Except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, each stockholder shall at every meeting of the
stockholders be entitled to vote in person or by proxy each share of the class of capital stock having voting power held by such stockholder.
Any stockholder directly or indirectly soliciting proxies from other stockholders must use a proxy card color other than white, which
shall be reserved for exclusive use by the Board of Directors.

Section 9. Procedure
for Election of Directors; Required Vote. Election of directors at all meetings of the stockholders at which directors are to
be elected shall be by ballot, and, subject to the rights of the holders of shares of preferred stock to elect directors under specified
circumstances, a plurality of the votes cast thereat shall elect directors. Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation,
or these Bylaws, in all matters other than the election of directors, the affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power of the shares
present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the matter shall be the act of the stockholders.

Section 10. Inspectors
of Elections; Opening and Closing the Polls. The Board of Directors by resolution shall appoint one or more inspectors, which
inspector or inspectors may include individuals who serve the Corporation in other capacities, including, without limitation, as officers,
employees, agents or representatives, to act at the meetings of stockholders and make a written report thereof. One or more persons may
be designated as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act. If no inspector or alternate has been appointed to act
or is able to act at a meeting of stockholders, the Chairman of the meeting shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting.
Each inspector, before discharging the duties of an inspector, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector
with strict impartiality and according to the best of the inspectors ability. The inspectors shall have the duties prescribed by
law.

The Chairman of the meeting
shall fix and announce at the meeting the date and time of the opening and the closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders
will vote at a meeting.

Section 11. Action
Without Meeting. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders may be taken without
a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, is signed by the holders
of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting
at which all of the shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted; provided that prompt notice of such action shall be
given to those stockholders who have not so consented in writing to such action without a meeting and who would have been entitled to
notice of such meeting.

ARTICLE III

DIRECTORS

Section 1. Number
and Tenure. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by the Board of Directors, the number thereof to be determined
from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors. Each director shall serve for a term of one (1) year from the date of his election
and until his successor is elected or until his earlier resignation, removal or death. Directors need not be stockholders.

Section 2. Resignation
or Removal. Any director may at any time resign by delivering to the Board of Directors his resignation in writing. Any director
or the entire Board of Directors may at any time be removed effective immediately, with or without cause, by the vote, either in person
or represented by proxy, of a majority of the voting power of shares of stock issued and outstanding of the class or classes that elected
such director and entitled to vote at a special meeting held for such purpose or by the written consent of a majority of the voting power
of shares of stock issued and outstanding of the class or classes that elected such director.

Section 3. Vacancies.
Vacancies and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors may be filled solely by the
vote of a majority of the remaining directors elected by the stockholders who vote on such directorship, though less than a quorum. The
directors so chosen shall hold office until the next annual election and until their respective successors are duly elected or until their
earlier resignation, removal or death.

-6-

Section 4. Regular
Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held at such dates, times and places as may be designated by the
Chairman of the Board, and shall be held at least once each year.

Section 5. Special
Meetings. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by or at the request of the Chairman of the Board or a majority
of the directors. The person or persons calling a special meeting of the Board of Directors may fix a place and time within or without
the State of Delaware for holding such meeting.

Section 6. Notice.
Notice of any regular meeting or a special meeting shall be given to each director, either orally, by facsimile or other means of electronic
communication or by hand delivery, addressed to each director at his address as it appears on the records of the Corporation. If notice
be by facsimile or other means of electronic communication, such notice shall be deemed to be adequately delivered when the notice is
transmitted at least twenty-four (24) hours before such meeting. If by telephone or by hand delivery, the notice shall be given at least
twenty-four (24) hours prior to the time set for the meeting. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular
or special meeting of the Board of Directors need be specified in the notice of such meeting. A meeting may be held at any time without
notice if all the directors are present or if those not present waive notice of the meeting in accordance with Article IX of these Bylaws.

Section 7. Quorum.
At all meetings of the Board of Directors, a majority of the total number of directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of
business and, unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the affirmative vote of a majority of the
directors present at any meeting at which there is a quorum shall be an act of the Board of Directors. If a quorum is not present at any
meeting of the Board of Directors, the directors present may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice, until a quorum shall
be present. A director present at a meeting shall be counted in determining the presence of a quorum, regardless of whether a contract
or transaction between the Corporation and any other corporation, partnership, association, or other organization in which such director
is a director or officer or has a financial interest, is authorized or considered at such meeting.

Section 8. Action
Without Meeting. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof
may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board of Directors or such committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing
or by electronic communication and such written consent or consents and copies of such communication or communications are filed with
the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors or committee.

Section 9. Action
by Conference Telephone. Members of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof may participate in a meeting of such Board
of Directors or committee by means of a conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating
in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation in a meeting shall constitute presence in person at such meeting.

Section 10. Committees.
The Board of Directors may from time to time designate committees of the Board of Directors, with such lawfully delegable powers and
duties as it thereby confers, to serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors and shall, for those committees and any others provided
for herein, elect a director or directors to serve as the member or members, designating, if it desires, other directors as alternate
members who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of any member
of any committee and any alternate member in his place, the member or members of the committee present at the meeting and not disqualified
from voting, whether or not he, she or they constitute a quorum, may by unanimous vote appoint another member of the Board of Directors
to act at the meeting in the place of the absent or disqualified member.

Section 11. Compensation
of Directors. The directors may be paid their expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors and may
be paid a fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors or a stated salary as director. No such payment shall preclude
any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. Members of committees may be allowed
like compensation for service as committee members.

-7-

ARTICLE IV

OFFICERS

Section 1. Number
and Salaries. The officers of the Corporation shall consist of a Chairman of the Board (the Chairman), a
Secretary, a Treasurer, and such other officers and agents as may be deemed necessary by the Board of Directors. Any two (2) or more offices
may be held by the same person.

Section 2. Election
and Term of Office. The officers of the Corporation shall be elected by the Board of Directors at the first meeting of the Board
of Directors following the stockholders annual meeting, and shall serve for a term of one (1) year and until a successor is elected
by the Board of Directors. Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any officer appointed by the
Board of Directors may be removed, with or without cause, at any time by the Chairman, the Chief Executive officer (the CEO)
or by the Board of Directors. Each officer shall hold his office until his successor is appointed or until his earlier resignation, removal
from office, or death. All officers elected by the Board of Directors shall each have such powers and duties as generally pertain to their
respective offices, subject to the specific provisions of this Article IV. Such officers shall also have such powers and duties as from
time to time may be conferred by the Board of Directors or by any committee thereof. The Board of Directors or any committee thereof may
from time to time elect, or the Chairman or the CEO may appoint, such other officers (including a President, a Chief Financial Officer
and one or more Vice Presidents) and such agents, as may be necessary or desirable for the conduct of the business of the Corporation.
Such other officers and agents shall have such duties and shall hold their offices for such terms as shall be provided in these Bylaws
or as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or such committee or by the Chairman or the CEO, as the case may be.

Section 3. The
Chairman of the Board. Except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, the Chairman shall be elected by the
Board of Directors from their own numbers and shall preside as Chairman at all meetings of the stockholders and of the Board of Directors.
The Chairman shall perform such duties and possess such powers as are customarily vested in the office of the Chairman of the Board or
as may be vested in him by the Board of Directors. During the time of any vacancy in the office of CEO or in the event of the absence
or disability of the CEO, the Chairman shall have the duties and powers of the CEO unless otherwise determined by the Board of Directors.
In no event shall any third party having dealings with the Corporation be bound to inquire as to any facts required by the terms of this
Section 3 for the exercise by the Chairman of the powers of the CEO. The Chairman shall be empowered to sign all certificates, contracts
and other instruments of the Corporation, and to do all acts that are authorized by the Board of Directors, and shall, in general, have
such other duties and responsibilities as are assigned consistent with the authority of a Chairman of the Board of a corporation. In addition,
the Board of Directors may designate by resolution one or more Vice Chairmen of the Board with such duties as may from time to time be
requested by the Board of Directors.

Section 4. The
Chief Executive Officer. The Board of Directors in consultation with the Chairman may elect a CEO. The CEO shall be responsible
for the general management of the affairs of the Corporation and shall perform all duties incidental to his or her office. The CEO shall
be empowered to sign all certificates, contracts and other instruments of the Corporation, and to do all acts that are authorized by the
Board of Directors, and shall, in general, have such other duties and responsibilities as are assigned consistent with the authority of
a Chief Executive Officer of a corporation. The CEO may be removed, with or without cause, at any time by the Board of Directors.

Section 5. The
President. The Board of Directors, the Chairman or the CEO may elect a President to have such duties and responsibilities as from
time to time may be assigned to him or her by the Chairman, the CEO or the Board of Directors. The President shall be empowered to sign
all certificates, contracts and other instruments of the Corporation, and to do all acts that are authorized by the Chairman, the CEO
or the Board of Directors, and shall, in general, have such other duties and responsibilities as are assigned consistent with the authority
of a President of a corporation.

Section 6. Chief
Financial Officer. The Chief Financial Officer (if any) shall act in an executive financial capacity. The Chief Financial Officer
shall assist the Chairman of the Board, the CEO and the President in the general supervision of the Corporations financial policies
and affairs. The Chief Financial Officer shall be empowered to sign all certificates, contracts and other instruments of the Corporation,
and to do all acts that are authorized by the Chairman, the CEO or the Board of Directors, and shall, in general, have such other duties
and responsibilities as are assigned consistent with the authority of a Chief Financial Officer of a corporation.

-8-

Section 7. Vice
Presidents. The Board of Directors, the CEO or the Chairman may from time to time name one or more Vice Presidents that may include
the designation of Executive Vice Presidents and Senior Vice Presidents all of whom shall perform such duties as from time to time may
be assigned to him by the Chairman, the CEO or the Board of Directors.

Section 8. The
Secretary. The Secretary shall keep the minutes of the proceedings of meetings of the stockholders and of the Board of Directors
(or, in the event of the absence of the Secretary from any such meeting, the Chairman of such meeting shall designate an officer of the
Corporation to keep such minutes); the Secretary shall give, or cause to be given, all notices in accordance with the provisions of these
Bylaws or as required by law, shall be custodian of the corporate records and of the seal of the Corporation, and, in general, shall perform
such other duties as may from time to time be assigned by the Chairman, the CEO or the Board of Directors.

Section 9. Treasurer.
The Treasurer shall have the custody of the corporate funds and securities, shall keep, or cause to be kept, correct and complete books
and records of account, including full and accurate accounts of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the Corporation, shall
deposit all monies and other valuable effects in the name and to the credit of the Corporation in such depositories as may be designated
by the Board of Directors, and in general shall perform all duties incident to the office of Treasurer and such other duties as from time
to time may be assigned to him by the Chairman, the CEO or the Board of Directors.

ARTICLE V

CERTIFICATES OF STOCK

Section 1. Certificates
of Stock. Shares of stock of the Corporation may be certificated or uncertificated, as provided under the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware. Every holder of stock in the Corporation shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by or in the name
of the Corporation by the Chairman, CEO or President, if any (or any Vice President), and by the Treasurer or the Secretary of the Corporation,
certifying the number of shares owned by the stockholder in the Corporation.

Section 2. Facsimile
Signatures. The signature of the Chairman, CEO, President, Vice President, Treasurer or Secretary on any stock certificate may
be a facsimile. In case any officer or officers who have signed, or whose facsimile signature or signatures have been used on any such
certificate or certificates shall cease to be such officer or officers of the Corporation, whether because of death, resignation or otherwise,
before such certificate or certificates have been delivered by the Corporation, such certificate or certificates may nevertheless be adopted
by the Corporation and be issued and delivered as though the person or persons who signed such certificate or certificates or whose facsimile
signature or signatures have been used thereon had not ceased to be such officer or officers of the Corporation.

Section 3. Lost
Certificates. The Board of Directors may direct that new certificate(s) be issued by the Corporation to replace any certificate(s)
alleged to have been lost or destroyed, upon its receipt of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate(s) of stock
to be lost or destroyed. When authorizing such issue of new certificate(s), the Board of Directors may, in its discretion and as a condition
precedent to the issuance thereof, require the owner of such lost or destroyed certificate(s), or such owners legal representative,
to advertise the same in such manner as it shall require and/or to give the Corporation a bond in such sum as it may direct as indemnity
against any claim that may be made against the Corporation with respect to the certificate(s) alleged to have been lost or destroyed.

Section 4. Transfer
of Stock. Upon surrender to the Corporation or its transfer agent of a certificate for shares duly endorsed or accompanied by
proper evidence of succession, assignment or authority to transfer, the Corporation shall issue a new certificate to the person entitled
thereto, cancel the old certificate and record the transaction upon its books. Upon receipt of proper transfer instructions from the registered
owner of uncertificated shares, such uncertificated shares shall be canceled, and issuance of new equivalent uncertificated shares or
certificated shares shall be made to the person entitled thereto, and the transaction shall be recorded upon the books of the Corporation.

Section 5. Closing
of Transfer Books or Fixing of Record Date. In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of
or to vote at any meeting of stockholders, or to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or to
exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board
of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date on which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted
and, in the case of a meeting of stockholders, which record date shall not be more than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) days before
the date of any meeting of stockholders, nor more than sixty (60) days prior to the time for such other action as hereinbefore described;
provided, however, that if no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining stockholders
entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which
notice is given or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held, and,
for determining stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of rights or to exercise any
rights of change, conversion or exchange of stock or for any other purpose, the record date shall be at the close of business on the day
on which the Board of Directors adopts a resolution relating thereto.

-9-

A determination of stockholders
of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided,
however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.

In order that the Corporation
may determine the stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action without a meeting (including by telegram, cablegram or other electronic
communication as permitted by law), the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which shall not precede the date upon which the resolution
fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall be not more than ten (10) days after the date
upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted. If no record date has been fixed by the Board of Directors and no prior action
by the Board of Directors is required by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, the record date shall be the first date
on which a consent setting forth the action taken or proposed to be taken is delivered to the Corporation in the manner prescribed by
Article II, Section 11 hereof. If no record date has been fixed by the Board of Directors and prior action by the Board of Directors is
required by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware with respect to the proposed action by consent of the stockholders without
a meeting, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action without a meeting shall be at the close
of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution taking such prior action.

Section 6. Registered
Stockholders. The Corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner
of shares to receive dividends and to vote as such owner. Except as otherwise provided by law, the Corporation shall not be bound to recognize
any equitable or other claim to or interest in such shares on the part of any other person whether or not it shall have express or other
notice thereof.

ARTICLE VI

CONTRACTS, CHECKS, AND DEPOSITS

Section 1. Contracts.
When the execution of any contract or other instrument has been authorized by the Board of Directors without specification of the executing
officers, the Chairman, the CEO, the President, any Vice President, the Treasurer and the Secretary, may execute the same in the name
of and on behalf of the Corporation and may affix the corporate seal thereto.

Section 2. Checks.
All checks or demands for money and notes of the Corporation shall be signed by such officer or officers or such other person or persons
as the Board of Directors may from time to time designate.

Section 3. Accounts.
Bank accounts of the Corporation shall be opened, and deposits made thereto, by such officers or other persons as the Board of Directors
may from time to time designate.

-10-

ARTICLE VII

DIVIDENDS

Section 1. Declaration
of Dividends. Subject to the provisions, if any, of the Certificate of Incorporation, dividends upon the capital stock of the
Corporation may be declared by the Board of Directors at any regular or special meeting, pursuant to law. Dividends may be paid in cash,
in property or contractual rights, or in shares of the Corporations capital stock.

Section 2. Reserves.
Before payment of any dividend, there may be set aside out of any funds of the Corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as
the Board of Directors from time to time, in its absolute discretion, thinks proper as a reserve or reserves to meet contingencies or
for equalizing dividends, or for repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation, or for such other purpose as the Board of Directors
shall think conducive to the interests of the Corporation, and the Board of Directors may modify or abolish any such reserve in the manner
in which it was created.

ARTICLE VIII

FISCAL YEAR

The fiscal year of the Corporation
shall be established by the Board of Directors.

ARTICLE IX

WAIVER OF NOTICE

Whenever any notice whatever
is required to be given by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, a written waiver thereof, signed by the person or persons
entitled to such notice, or a waiver by electronic communications by such person or persons whether before or after the time stated therein,
shall be deemed equivalent to the giving of such notice. Neither the business to be conducted at, nor the purpose of such meeting, need
be specified in such waiver. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where a person
attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the
meeting is not lawfully called or convened.

ARTICLE X

SEAL

The corporate seal shall have
inscribed thereon the name of the Corporation, the year of its organization, and the words Corporate Seal, Delaware. The
seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or otherwise reproduced.

ARTICLE XI

EXCLUSIVE FORUM FOR ADJUDICATION OF DISPUTES

Unless the Corporation consents
in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought
on behalf of the Corporation, (b) any action asserting a claim for or based on breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former
director or officer or other employee of the Corporation to the Corporation or to the Corporations stockholders, including a claim
alleging the aiding and abetting of such a breach of fiduciary duty, (c) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation or any current
or former director or officer or other employee of the Corporation arising pursuant to any provision of the General Corporation Law of
Delaware or the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws (each as may be amended from time to time), (d) any action asserting a claim
relating to or involving the Corporation that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine, or (e) any action asserting an internal
corporate claim as that term is defined in Section 115 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware shall be a state
court located within the State of Delaware (or, if no state court located within the State of Delaware has jurisdiction, the federal district
court for the District of Delaware).

ARTICLE XII

AMENDMENTS

Except as expressly provided
otherwise by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, the Certificate of Incorporation, or other provisions of these Bylaws,
these Bylaws may be altered, amended or repealed and new Bylaws adopted at any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors by
an affirmative vote of a majority of all directors.

-11-

ARTICLE XIII

INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE

Section 1. Indemnification.

(A) Each
person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in any action, suit, or proceeding,
whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (hereinafter a proceeding), by reason of the fact that he
or she, or a person of whom he or she is the legal representative is or was, at any time during which this Bylaw is in effect (whether
or not such person continues to serve in such capacity at the time any indemnification or payment of expenses pursuant hereto is sought
or at the time any proceeding relating thereto exists or is brought), a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was at any such
time serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer or trustee of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture,
trust, or other enterprise, including service with respect to employee benefit plans maintained or sponsored by the Corporation (each
such person, an indemnitee), whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a
director, officer or trustee or in any other capacity while serving as a director, officer or trustee, shall be indemnified and held harmless
by the Corporation to the fullest extent authorized by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware as the same exists or may
hereafter be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Corporation to provide
broader indemnification rights than said law permitted the Corporation to provide prior to such amendment), against all expense, liability
and loss (including attorneys fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes or penalties and amounts paid or to be paid in settlement)
reasonably incurred or suffered by such person in connection therewith and such indemnification shall continue as to a person who has
ceased to be a director, officer or trustee and shall inure to the benefit of his heirs, executors and administrators; provided,
however, that except as provided in paragraph (C) of this Bylaw, the Corporation shall indemnify any such person seeking indemnification
in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person only if such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by
the Board of Directors. The right to indemnification conferred in this Bylaw shall include the right to be paid by the Corporation the
expenses incurred in defending any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition, such advances to be paid by the Corporation within
twenty (20) days after the receipt by the Corporation of a statement or statements from the claimant requesting such advance or advances
from time to time; provided, however, that if the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware requires, the payment
of such expenses incurred by a director or officer in his capacity as a director or officer (and not in any other capacity in which service
was or is rendered by such person while a director or officer, including, without limitation, service to an employee benefit plan) shall
be made only upon delivery to the Corporation of an undertaking (hereinafter, the undertaking) by or on behalf of
such director or officer, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which
there is no further right of appeal (a final disposition) that such director or officer is not entitled to be indemnified
for such expenses under this Bylaw or otherwise. The rights conferred upon indemnitees in this Bylaw shall be contract rights that vest
at the time of such persons service to or at the request of the Corporation and such rights shall continue as to an indemnitee
who has ceased to be a director, officer or trustee and shall inure to the benefit of the indemnitees heirs, executors and administrators.

(B) To
obtain indemnification under this Bylaw, a claimant shall submit to the Corporation a written request, including therein or therewith
such documentation and information as is reasonably available to the claimant and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to
what extent the claimant is entitled to indemnification. Upon written request by a claimant for indemnification pursuant to the first
sentence of this paragraph (B), a determination, if required by applicable law, with respect to the claimants entitlement thereto
shall be made as follows: (i) if requested by the claimant, by Independent Counsel (as hereinafter defined), or (ii) if no request is
made by the claimant for a determination by Independent Counsel, (a) by the Board of Directors by a majority vote of the Disinterested
Directors (as hereinafter defined), even though less than a quorum, or (b) by a committee of Disinterested Directors designated by majority
vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum, or (c) if there are no Disinterested Directors or the Disinterested
Directors so direct, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board of Directors, a copy of which shall be delivered to the
claimant, or (d) if a quorum of Disinterested Directors so directs, by the stockholders of the Corporation. If it is so determined that
the claimant is entitled to indemnification, payment to the claimant shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination.

-12-

(C) If
a claim under paragraph (A) of this Bylaw is not paid in full by the Corporation within thirty (30) days after a written claim pursuant
to paragraph (B) of this Bylaw has been received by the Corporation (except in the case of a claim for advancement of expenses, for which
the applicable period is twenty (20) days), the claimant may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to recover the
unpaid amount of the claim and, if successful in whole or in part, the claimant shall be entitled to be paid also the expense of prosecuting
such claim. It shall be a defense to any such action (other than an action brought to enforce a claim for expenses incurred in defending
any proceeding in advance of its final disposition where the required undertaking, if any is required, has been tendered to the Corporation)
that the claimant has not met the standard of conduct which makes it permissible under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware
for the Corporation to indemnify the claimant for the amount claimed, but the burden of proving such defense shall be on the Corporation.
Neither the failure of the Corporation (including the Disinterested Directors, Independent Counsel or stockholders) to have made a determination
prior to the commencement of such action that indemnification of the claimant is proper in the circumstances because he has met the applicable
standard of conduct set forth in the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, nor an actual determination by the Corporation
(including the Disinterested Directors, Independent Counsel or stockholders) that the claimant has not met such applicable standard of
conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that the claimant has not met the applicable standard of conduct.

(D) If
a determination shall have been made pursuant to paragraph (B) of this Bylaw that the claimant is entitled to indemnification, the Corporation
shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to paragraph (C) of this Bylaw.

(E) The
Corporation shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to paragraph (C) of this Bylaw that the procedures
and presumptions of this Bylaw are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in such proceeding that the Corporation is bound
by all the provisions of this Bylaw.

(F) The
right to indemnification and the payment of expenses incurred in defending a proceeding in advance of its final disposition conferred
in this Bylaw (i) shall not be exclusive of any other right which any person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision
of the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws, agreement, vote of stockholders or Disinterested Directors or otherwise and (ii) cannot be
terminated by the Corporation, the Board of Directors or the stockholders of the Corporation with respect to a persons service
prior to the date of such termination. Any amendment, modification, alteration or repeal of this Bylaw that in any way diminishes, limits,
restricts, adversely affects or eliminates any right of an indemnitee or his successors to indemnification, advancement of expenses or
otherwise shall be prospective only and shall not in any way diminish, limit, restrict, adversely affect or eliminate any such right with
respect to any actual or alleged state of facts, occurrence, action or omission then or previously existing, or any action, suit or proceeding
previously or thereafter brought or threatened based in whole or in part upon any such actual or alleged state of facts, occurrence, action
or omission.

(G) The
Corporation may, to the extent authorized from time to time by the Board of Directors or by the Chairman, grant rights to indemnification,
and rights to be paid by the Corporation the expenses incurred in defending any proceeding in advance of its final disposition, to any
current or former employee or agent of the Corporation to the fullest extent of the provisions of this Bylaw with respect to the indemnification
and advancement of expenses of current or former directors and officers of the Corporation.

(H) If
any provision or provisions of this Bylaw shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (i) the validity,
legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Bylaw (including, without limitation, each portion of any paragraph of
this Bylaw containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself held to be invalid, illegal
or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby; and (ii) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this
Bylaw (including, without limitation, each such portion of any paragraph of this Bylaw containing any such provision held to be invalid,
illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested by the provision held invalid, illegal or unenforceable.

-13-

(I) For
purposes of this Bylaw:

(i) Disinterested
Director means a director of the Corporation who is not and was not a party to the matter in respect of which indemnification
is sought by the claimant.

(ii) Independent
Counsel means a law firm, a member of a law firm, or an independent practitioner, selected by the Disinterested Directors,
that is experienced in matters of corporation law and shall include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct
then prevailing, would not have a conflict of interest in representing either the Corporation or the claimant in an action to determine
the claimants rights under this Bylaw.

(J) Any
notice, request or other communication required or permitted to be given to the Corporation under this Bylaw shall be in writing and either
delivered in person or sent by telecopy, telex, telegram, overnight mail or courier service, or certified or registered mail, postage
prepaid, return receipt requested, to the Secretary of the Corporation and shall be effective only upon receipt by the Secretary.

Section 2. Insurance.
The Corporation may maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any current or former director, officer, employee or agent
of the Corporation and any current or former director, officer, trustee, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership,
joint venture, trust, or other enterprise, including any person who serves or served in any such capacity with respect to any employee
benefit plan maintained or sponsored by the Corporation, against any expense, liability or loss, whether or not the Corporation would
have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

-14-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm2511010d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

IAC COMPLETES SPIN-OFF OF ANGI, NOW AN INDEPENDENT
COMPANY

NEW YORK and DENVER, April 1, 2025 IAC (NASDAQ: IAC)
and Angi (NASDAQ: ANGI), a leading platform for home services, announced today the successful completion of the spin-off of IACs
full ownership stake in Angi. As a result of the spin-off, IACs former interest in Angi is now held directly by IACs shareholders,
and Angi is an independent, publicly traded company.

Today also marks Joey Levins transition from IAC CEO. Effective
on the spin-off, Mr. Levin became Executive Chairman of Angi, where, as senior executive, he will work in partnership with Angi CEO Jeff
Kip and the Angi senior management team to accomplish the companys strategic objectives. Mr. Levin will remain an advisor to IAC.

Like many before it, Angi is off to pursue its own ambitions
and likewise, IAC renews our focus on whats next. Opportunity abounds, said Barry Diller, Chairman and Senior Executive
of IAC.

IAC and Angi are today distinct
and separate companies positioned for growth and prepared to build for the future, with Angi becoming the 10th fully
independent company borne from IACs unique 30-year history of value creation. The transaction eliminates Angis dual class
voting structure, with IAC converting all of its high vote shares to low vote shares prior to the distribution to shareholders. As an
independent company, Angi is expected to benefit from a more attractive equity currency to accelerate growth, whether through M&A,
capital formation or talent acquisition, and undiluted focus on its strategic priorities. A simplified IAC will continue to focus on the
growth of its existing businesses and investmentsincluding Dotdash Meredith and its stake in MGMas well as new growth opportunities.

The team at Angi has worked very hard to earn the right
to stand on its own as an independent public company and we are proud of this accomplishment," said Jeff Kip, CEO, Angi.
Over the last two and a half years, we have significantly improved our customer experience and driven increased profitability
and cash flow while focusing on the right things to capture the long-term opportunity ahead. With a healthy balance sheet, we are intensely
focused on our mission of Jobs Done Well and delivering on our strategy to return to revenue growth in 2026.

IAC and Angi also each affirmed full year guidance for 2025.

Transaction Details 

On March 7, 2025, IACs board of directors approved the planned
spin-off of Angi Inc. and declared a special dividend (the Distribution) of all of the shares of Angi capital stock held
by IAC to the holders of IAC common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the IAC common stock), and IAC Class B common stock,
par value $0.0001 per share (the IAC Class B common stock and together with the IAC common stock, IAC Stock).

The dividend was paid March 31, 2025, through the distribution of shares
of Angi Class A common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Angi Class A common stock), to the holders of record of IAC
Stock as of the close of business on March 25, 2025 (the Record Date), on a pro rata basis. IAC no longer owns any shares
of Angi capital stock.

Based on the number of shares of IAC Stock issued and outstanding and
the number of shares of Angi capital stock owned by IAC as of the Record Date and adjusted for the reverse stock split of the Angi Class
A common stock that occurred on March 24, 2025, approximately 0.5251 shares of Angi Class A common stock have been distributed in respect
of each share of IAC Stock held by IAC stockholders as of the Record Date.

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information 

This press release may contain forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of words such as anticipates,
estimates, expects, plans and believes, among others, generally identify forward-looking
statements. These forward-looking statements include, among others, statements relating to: the reorganization of IACs leadership,
IACs ability to successfully manage its planned leadership transitions, the completion of the spin-off of IACs ownership
in Angi and its anticipated benefits, business prospects and strategy of IAC and Angi, the future financial performance of IAC and its
businesses, the future financial performance of Angi as an independent organization, anticipated trends and prospects in the industries
in which IACs or Angis businesses operate and other similar matters. Actual results could differ materially from those contained
in these forward-looking statements for a variety of reasons, including, among others: (i) IACs ability to market its products
and services in a successful and cost-effective manner, (ii) the display prominence of links to websites offering IAC products and services
in search results, (iii) changes in IACs relationship with (or policies implemented by) Google, (iv) IACs ability to compete
with generative artificial intelligence technology and the related disruption to marketing technologies, (v) the failure or delay of the
markets and industries in which IACs businesses operate to migrate online and the continued growth and acceptance of online products
and services as effective alternatives to traditional products and services, (vi) IACs continued ability to develop and monetize
versions of its products and services for mobile and other digital devices, (vii) unstable market and economic conditions (particularly
those that adversely impact advertising spending levels and consumer confidence and spending behavior), either generally and/or in any
of the markets in which IACs businesses operate, as well as geopolitical conflicts, (viii) the ability of IACs Digital business
to successfully expand the digital reach of its portfolio of publishing brands, (ix) IACs continued ability to market, distribute
and monetize its products and services through search engines, digital app stores, advertising networks and social media platforms, (x)
risks related to IACs Print business (declining revenue, increased paper and postage costs, reliance on a single supplier to print
its magazines and potential increases in pension plan obligations), (xi) IACs ability to establish and maintain relationships with
quality and trustworthy professionals and caregivers, (xii) the ability of Angi to expand its pre-priced offerings, while balancing the
overall mix of service requests and directory services on Angi platforms, (xiii) the ability of Angi to continue to generate leads for
professionals given changing requirements applicable to certain communications with consumers, (xiv) IACs ability to access, collect,
use and protect the personal data of its users and subscribers, (xv) IACs ability to engage directly with users, subscribers, consumers,
professionals and caregivers on a timely basis, (xvi) the ability of IACs Chairman and Senior Executive and certain members of
his family to exercise significant influence over the composition of the IAC board of directors, matters subject to stockholder approval
and IACs operations, (xvii) risks related to IACs liquidity and indebtedness (the impact of IACs indebtedness on
IACs ability to operate its business, IACs ability to generate sufficient cash to service its indebtedness and interest
rate risk), (xviii) IACs inability to freely access the cash of Dotdash Meredith and its subsidiaries, (xix) dilution with respect
to investments in either IAC or Angi, (xx) IACs ability to compete, (xxi) IACs ability to build, maintain and/or enhance
its various brands, (xxii) IACs ability to protect its systems, technology and infrastructure from cyberattacks (including cyberattacks
experienced by third parties with whom IAC does business), (xxiii) the occurrence of data security breaches and/or fraud, (xxiv) increased
liabilities and costs related to the processing, storage, use and disclosure of personal and confidential user information, (xxv) the
integrity, quality, efficiency and scalability of IACs systems, technology and infrastructure (and those of third parties with
whom IAC does business), (xxvi) changes in key personnel and risks related to leadership transitions and (xxvii) risks related to the
spin-off of IACs ownership in Angi. Certain of these and other risks and uncertainties are described in IACs and Angis
respective filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), including the most recent Annual Reports on Form
10-K filed by IAC and Angi with the SEC on February 28, 2025, and subsequent reports that IAC or Angi files with the SEC. Other unknown
or unpredictable factors that could also adversely affect IAC or Angi's business, financial condition and results of operations may arise
from time to time. It is not possible for management to predict all risks, nor can IAC assess the impact of all factors on its business
or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any
forward-looking statements IAC may make. Except as required by law, IAC undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements
to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements. You should, therefore, not rely on these forward-looking statements
as representing IACs views as of any date subsequent to the date of this press release.

###

About IAC

IAC (NASDAQ: IAC) builds companies. We are guided by curiosity, a questioning
of the status quo, and a desire to invent or acquire new products and brands. From the single seed that started as IAC 30 years ago have
emerged 10 independent, publicly-traded companies and generations of exceptional leaders. We will always evolve, but our basic principles
of financially-disciplined opportunism will never change. IAC is today comprised of category-leading businesses Dotdash Meredith (DDM)
and Care.com among others and holds strategic equity positions in businesses across several
industries, including MGM Resorts International and Turo Inc. IAC is headquartered in New York City with business locations worldwide.

About Angi Inc.

Angi (NASDAQ: ANGI) helps homeowners get home projects done well and
helps home professionals grow their business. We started in 1995 with a simple goal to help people find skilled home pros in their area.
Now more than 25 years later, we've evolved to help people with everything from finding, booking and hiring a skilled pro, to researching
costs, finding inspiration and discovering project possibilities. With an extensive nationwide network of skilled home pros, Angi has
helped more than 150 million people maintain, repair, renovate and improve their homes and has helped hundreds of thousands of small local
businesses grow.

Contact Us

IAC/Angi Inc. Investor Relations

Mark Schneider

(212) 314-7400

IAC Corporate Communications

Valerie Combs

(212) 314-7251

Angi Inc. Corporate Communications

Emily Do

(303) 963-8352

IAC

555 West 18th Street, New York, NY 10011 (212) 314-7300 http://iac.com

Angi Inc.

3601 Walnut Street, Denver, CO 80205 (303) 963-7200 http://www.angi.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>angi-20250326.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>angi-20250326_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>angi-20250326_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 26, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 26, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-38220

Entity Registrant Name Angi Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001705110

Entity Tax Identification Number 82-1204801

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 3601
Walnut Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite
700

Entity Address, City or Town Denver

Entity Address, State or Province CO

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 80205

City Area Code 303

Local Phone Number 963-7200

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Class
A Common Stock, par value $0.001

Trading Symbol ANGI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://angihomeservices.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

angi-20250326.xsd 
angi-20250326_lab.xml 
angi-20250326_pre.xml 
tm2511010d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-030301-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>tm2511010d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001705110 

2025-03-26 
2025-03-26 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0001705110 
8-K 
2025-03-26 
Angi Inc. 
DE 
001-38220 
82-1204801 
3601 Walnut Street 
Suite 700 
Denver 
CO 
80205 
303 
963-7200 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock, par value $0.001 
ANGI 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>